COLLECTION

OF THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

PASSED IN THE

Fourth Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the FOURTH

Being the FOURTH SESSION of the SEVENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

1823.

(Local $• Personal, declared Public, tyc.) 4° G E O. IV.

xi

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near the Haw Passage, in the County of Gloucester, and for making convenient Roads thereto. 3

ii. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near to the

Mythe Hill, within the Parish and near to the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, to the opposite Side of the said River, in the Parish of Bushley in the County of Worcester; and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate with such Bridge, within the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester. 53

iii. An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving

the Town and Borough of Darlington, in the County of Durham. 117

iv. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act of

His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Improvement of Vortman Square, within the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex. 153

V. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Borough of Plymouth, and Places adjacent, in the County of Devon. 161

vi. An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in

Repair, several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash in the County of Cornwall. 201

vii. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually improving the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Northampton and Lincoln j and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said Roads, from Bourn to Spalding in the said County of Lincoln. 213

viii. An Act for repairing and amending the Road from the City of ' Peterborough through Oundle and Thrapston to Wellingborough in the County of Northampton, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto. 217

ix. An Act for building a Bridge and making a Causeway from Lang-

stone in the Parish of Havant in the County of Southampton, to Hay ling Island in the Parish of Hayling North in the said County, at or near a certain House there called The Ferry House', and for forming and making proper Roads, Approaches, or Avenues thereto. 229

x. An Act for erecting a Bridge over the Water of Lary, from Pomphlet Point, to or near to Great Prince Rock, in the County of Devon. 281

xi. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

xi. An Act for erecting and maintaining a new Court Room, Record

Rooms, and other Offices, for the County of Forfar. 297

xii. An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving the Roads from Union Point near Uckfield to the Sea Houses in Eastbourne, and from Horsebridge to Cross in Hand, all in the County of Sussex. 309

xiii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Preston to

Garstang in the County of Lancaster. 325

xiv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Stroud

to Bisley in the County of Gloucester. . 3^5

xv. An Act for repairing and improving the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge to the City of Winchester, and from the said City of Winchester to the Top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham in the County of Southampton, and from the said City of Winchester through Otter borne to Bar Gate in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and certain Roads adjoining thereto. 365

xvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from and out of the Road leading from Quebec in Leeds, to Homefield Lane End in Wortley, to communicate with the Road leading from Huddersfield to Birstall, at Smithie's Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York.

389

xvii. An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Roads between

Newton Abbott and Brixham, Kingswear and Dartmouth, Shaldon and Torquay, and several other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Devon. 405

xviii. An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal Company to borrow a further Sum of Money. 421

xix. An Act for the Improvement, more effectual Security, and Maintenance of the Harbour of Bridport, in the County of Dorset. 425

xx. An Act for amending an Act of the Third Year of His present

Majesty, for continuing and altering Six former Acts of Their late Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for enlarging the Piers and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York. 469

Third

xxi. An Act for appointing Select Vestrymen, Governors, and Directors he Poor of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the County liddl&sex; and for altering and amending Two Acts passed in the teenth and Fifty-third Years of His late Majesty King George the ’ ig to the same. 473

xxii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Bolton and Blackburn Road in Sharpies, to the Blackburn and Preston Road in Hoghton., in the County of Lancaster, called the Sharpies and Hoghton Turnpike Road.

xxiii. An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping

in Repair the Road between the Towns of Cockermouth and Workington in the County of Cumberland. 493

xxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Garstang to the Town of Lancaster, and from thence to a

Place

(Local Sf Personal, declared Public, SfC.) 4° GEO. IV, xiii

Place called Heiring Syke, and the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of Slyne with Hest to Hest Bank, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 505

xxv. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and kieeping in

Repair several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, and the Roads leading* from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, and from Kyre Mill • to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury. 525

xxvi. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act passed in.

the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repealing an Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, 541

xxvii. An Act for amending the Road from Offington Corner in the Parishes

of Broadwater and West Tarring, or one of them, in the County of Sussex, by Findon, Washington Hill Rock, and Ashington Common, to Dial Post, and from thence by Nep Castle to the Steyning Turnpike Road at West Grinsted Park in the said County; and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith. 553

xxviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green; and also the Road leading out of the last-mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowesley Bridge, all

, in the County of Derby. 569

xxix. An Act for amending the Road from the Devizes Turnpike Road, at

or near Somerham Brook, through Melksham, to the Horse and Jockey in the Parish of Box in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road, all in the said County. 581

xxx. An Act for improving the Roads from Darlaston Bridge, through?'

Newcastle-under-Lyme, to Butt Lane and Linley Lane, and from the Black Lion to Shelton Wharf, all in the County of Stafford. 593

xxxi. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Otley to Skipton

in the County of York. 617

xxxii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Ninth and Nineteenth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for building and completing a Bridge at Worcester over the

, River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto.; 633

xxxiii. An Act to enable the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company to vary and alter the Line of their Railway, and also the Line or Lines of some of the Branches therefrom, and to make an additional Branch

. therefrom, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the Act passed for making and maintaining the said Railway. 661.

xxxiv. An Act to alter and amend Two several Acts passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His Majesty King George the Second, for the Purpose of enabling the Churchwardens, Overseers,

H and

xiv A TABLE of the STATUTES

and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Saviour in the Borough of South-mark in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish.

681

xxxv. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving

the Town of Knareshrough in the West Riding of the County of York, and that Part of the Township of Scriven-with-Teniergate which adjoins the said Town, and is called Tentergate. 685

xxxvi. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of 'Rochdale, and the

Neighbourhood thereof, within the Parish of Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 721

xxxvii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Belfast, and the

Suburbs thereof. 753

xxxviii. An Act for establishing an additional Company for lighting the

City and Suburbs of Dublin with Gas. 785

xxxix. An Act for lighting with Oil Gas the Town of Liverpool and

certain Places adjacent thereto. 821

xl. An Act for lighting with Gas the public Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, and the Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings, within the King’s Town and Parish of Maidstone in the County of Kent. 865

xli. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Alfreton in the County of Derby to the Town of Derby. 905

xlii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Horsham in the County of Sussex, by Bewbush, to the Town of Crawley in the said County. 921

xliii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town of Mold in the County of Flint and the Town of Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between the Town of Ruthin in the said County of Denbigh and the Town of Wrexham aforesaid, and also Two several Branches of Road therefrom. 933

xliv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from East Teignmouth, through Dawlish, Sta?rross, and Kenton, to communicate with the Exeter Turnpike Road in the Parish of Exminster, all in the County of Devon. 945

xlv. An Act for more effectually amending the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill in the County of Chester; and for making and keeping in Repair the Road branching out of the said Road at Pwll-y-rhwyd to the Borough of Holt in the said County of Denbigh. 957

xlvi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Botley Turnpike Road on Curdridge Common in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, to the Gosport Turnpike Road at or near Filmer Hill in the Parish of Weslmeon, with a Branch from the said Road on Corhampton Down to the Village of Corhampton, all in the County of Southampton.

969

xlvii. An Act for repairing and improving divers Roads in the Counties of . Stafford and Salop, comprised in Three Districts, called the Eccleshall, Newport, and Watling Street District, the Newcastle and Eccleshall District, and the Hilton and Honnington District. 981

xlviii. An

XV

(Local §' Personal, declared Public, 4° GEO. IV.

xlviii. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening) and improving the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford through Haworth to Blue Bell near Colne, and from the Two Laws to Kighley, in the Counties of York and Lancaster. 1005

xlix. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Yorkshire District of the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, and for making several Diversions therefrom, within the said West Riding of the County of York. 1017

1. An Act for repairing the Road from Sage Cross in the Town of Melton Mowbray in the County of Leicester to the Town of Grantham in the County of Lincoln. 1033

li. An Act for improving and maintaining in Repair divers Roads in the County of Stafford, leading from Newcastle-under-Lyme to Blyth Marsh, from Cliff Bank to Snape Marshy from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, and from Shelton to Newcastle-under-Lyme. 1049

lii. An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving certain Roads, leading to and from Liskeard and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon. 1073

liii. An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads passing through or near the Town of Ilminster in the County of Somerset, 1089

liv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from W'ibsey Low Moor near Bradford, through Brighouse, to Huddersfield, with Three Diversions or Branches from such Road, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1105

Iv. An Act for more effectually amending the Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's Fields and the Bell Inn in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the West End of Long Bridge in South Lynn, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Norfolk. 1117

lvi. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridg-ford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton. 1141

ivii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the City of Canterbury to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham in the County of Kent ', and for lighting, watering, and watching Part of the said Road, leading into the said City of Canterbury. 115S

lviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Hole-house or Riding, near Greenfield to Saddleworth, to join the Stay ley Turnpike Road, and also to join the Halfax and Sheffield Turnpike Road, all in the West Riding of the County of York. 1181

lix. An Act for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of Newcastle-under-

Lyme,

xvi

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Lyme, in the County of Stafford, so far as relates to the Uttoxeter District of the said Roads; and for making certain new Pieces of Road to communicate therewith, all in the said County of Stafford. 1201

lx. An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Castle Street at the

* End of the Town of Hinckley in the County of Leicester, to the End of the Town of Lutterworth in the same County. 1225

lxi. An Act for repairing and amending the Road from the Town of Market Harborough in the County of Leicester to the City of Coventry.

1241

lxii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford to Cartgate in Martock, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset. 1257

lxiii. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road from Lutterworth to Market Harborough, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton. 1269

lxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the South End of Sparrows Herne on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhamsted Saint Peter, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham. 1281

lxv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Staplecross to Hornscross, and from Hornscross to the Turnpike Road near Brickwall House in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beckley, and from Staple-cross to Bodiam Bridge and to the Turnpike Road at Silver Hill, all in the County of Sussex. ' ] 301

lxvi. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Roads from Barnsley Common to Grange Moor and White Cross, and from the Guide Post in Barugh over Barugh Brook into the Township of Cawthorne, all in the County of York. 1317

lxvii. An Act for more effectually amending, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering through Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Buckingham.

1337

lxviii. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for rebuilding the Church and improving the Churchyard of the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the said Act. 1353

lxix. An Act for better supplying the City of Worcester and the Liberties thereof with Water; and for more effectually paving, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the said City. 1361

lxx. An Act for lighting and watching the Parish and Town of Greenwich in the County of Kent, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein.

1453

lxxi, An

(Local 8f Personal, declared Public, SfC.J 4° GEO. IV. xvii

lxxi. An Act for regulating the Police of the Barony of Gorbats, in; the County of Lanark j paying, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, erecting a Bridewell, and other Purposes relating thereto. 143S

lxxii. An Act for lighting the Town and Burgh of Paisley, and Suburbs and Places adjacent, with Gas, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

1477

lxxiii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Woolwich in the County of Kent. 1509

lxxiv. An Act for lighting with Gas the City of York, and the Suburbs and Vicinity thereof. 1541

lxxv. An Act for lighting, watching, and cleansing the Grange Road, and other Parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey. 1581

lxxvi. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act of His late Majesty, for draining certain Commons and Fens lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and for increasing the Rates thereby authorized, and imposing additional Rates for more effectually draining the said Lands. 1625

lxxvii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Wadsley and Langset Turnpike Road, and extending the same in Two Lines to join Huddersfield and Woodhead Turnpike Road, in the Townships of XJpper-ihong and Honley, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1653

lxxviii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the First, Twenty-first, and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helston, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge. 1669

lxxix. An Act for better and more effectually improving and keeping in repair the Road leading from the Town of Kingsion-upon-Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton. 1681

lxxx. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Norwich to Fakenham, in the County of Norfolk. , 1791

lxxxi. An Act for amending and keeping in repair the Roads from Dover [ to Barham Downs, and from Dover to the Town of Folkestone, and from thence through the Parish of Folkestone to Sandgate, in the County of Kent. 1713

lxxxii. An Act for improving and keeping in repair the Road from Tar-porley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to the South-east End of Acton Forge, near Weverham, in the same County. 17 & 9

lxxxiii. An Act for amending and maintaining the Roads from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through, Whit-church and other Places, to Newtown River, and from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid through Wherwell to Andover, in the County of Southampton.

1741

lxxxiv. An

E

XVIII

A TABLE of the STATUTES

lxxxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, and improving certain Roads in the several Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and Saint Mary at Rotherhitke, in the County of Surrey, and Saint Paul, Deptford, and Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent. 1765

lxxxv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the South End of Brown's Lane, in the Parish of Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Bedford Turnpike Road in the Parish of Lavendon in the County of Buckingham. 1805

lxxxvi. An Act for repairing, widening, and maintaining the Road leading from Horsham in the County of Sussex, through Dorking and Leatherhead, to Epsom in the County of Surrey, and from Capel to Stone Street, at Ockley, in the said County of Surrey. 1817

lxxxvii. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make an additional Tunnel through Harecastle Hill in the County of Stafford, and an additional Reservoir in Knypersley Valley in the said County; and to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts for making and maintaining the said Navigation, and the several Canals connected therewith. 1835

lxxxviii. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for erecting and maintaining Ferries across the River Tay, in the Counties of Fife and Forfar. 1853

lxxxix. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of His late Majesty, for building a new Church within the Town and Parish of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster; to vest the said Church and the Ground thereunto belonging in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Liverpool; to authorize the Purchase of Land in the said Town to be appropriated to the Use of Public Cemeteries j and to restrict the Burial of Corpses in the present Cemeteries of the Parish Church and Parochial Chapel there. 1857

xc. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and improving the Township of Halifax, and for supplying the same with Water. 1877

xci. An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the Highways and other Public Places in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey. 1957

xcii. An Act for improving, paving, lighting, cleansing, and watching the Town of Mansfeld in the County of Nottingham. 2029

xciii. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town of Skipton in the West Riding of the County of York. 2101

xciv. An Act for the Erection of a Bridge across the River Shannon, and of a Floating Dock to accommodate Sharp Vessels frequenting the Port of Limerick. 2129

xcv. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to establish an additional Company for lighting certain Parts of the Metropolis and Parts adjacent with Gas. 2177

xcvi. An Act to establish a Company for lighting with Gas the Town of .Northampton. 2193

7 xcvii. An

(Local Sf Personal, declared Public, fyc.J 4° GEO. IV. xix

xcvii. An Act to amend and explain the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for lighting with Gas the Town of Brighthelmstone,and to raise a further Sum of Money for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution. 2287

xcviii. An Act for lighting with Gas the several Parishes of Saint Boiolph Aldgate, and Saint Paul Shadwell, and certain Parts of the Parishes of Saint George in the East, otherwise Saint George Middlesex, and Saint John of Wapping, and of the Hamlets of Mile-end Old Town and Ratcliff', in the County of Middlesex. 2249

xcix. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Dublin Gas Works to raise more Money for the further lighting the City and Suburbs of Dublin with Gas. 2293

c. An Act for lighting the Town of Mansfield in the County of Nottingham with Gas. 2301

ci. An Act to establish a Company for lighting the Borough of Stamford in the County of Lincoln, and Saint Martin’s Stamford Baron in the County of Northampton, with Gas. 2341

cii. An Act for lighting with Oil Gas the City of Bristol and the Parish of Clifton in the County of Gloucester, and certain Parishes adjacent thereto. 2377

ciii. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repealing several Acts therein mentioned, fur draining certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, near Mildenhall River, so far as relates to the Lands in the First District therein described, and for making better Provision for draining and preserving the said Lands. 2417

civ. An Act for amending and improving the Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton in the County of Devon. 2433

cv. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in repair the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair in the Town of Banbury in the County of Oxford, through Swalcliffe in the said County of Oxford, and through Brailes in the County of Warwick, to the Bridge crossing the River Stour in the Parish of Barcheston in the said County of Warwick. 2453

cvi. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Whitechapel Church in the County of Middlesex, unto Passing-ford Bridge, and through and to the End of the several Parishes or Places of Sheffield and Woodford, in the County of Essex, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 2465

cvii. An Act for amending the Road leading from the New Wall on the Parade in Castleton in the Parish of Rochdale, through Middleton, to the Meer Stone in Great Heaton, and to the Town of Manchester, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for diverting certain Parts of the said Road. 2489

cviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Bea-consfield in the County of Buckingham to Stoken Church in the County of Oxford. 2509

cix. An

XX

A TABLE of the STATUTES

cix. An Act for more effectually making and maintaining the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, and from Modbury to within Four hundred Yards of the Bridge over the Lary, and also a Road from Addistone Hill, in the Parish of Holbeten, to the Totness Road at Lady Down, in the Parish of TTgborough, in the County of Devon, 2521

cx. An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from Skipton in the County of York to Colne in the County of Lancaster. 2537

cxi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge in the County of Northampton to Stamford, and from Stamford to Bourn, in the County of Lincoln. 2557

cxii. An Act for making and repairing certain Roads from Redrow to Peathill in the County of Stirling. 2569

cxiii. An Act for more effectually improving and keeping in repair the Pier and Harbour of Minehead in the County of Somerset. 2601

cxiv. An Act for altering and amending Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Thirty-third Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers within the City of London and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing* and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same. 2629

«xv. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for more effectually supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester and Salford, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 2657

cxvi. An Act to amend several Acts for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames, from the City of London, to the opposite Bank, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey. 2697

cxvii. An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in the Hamlet of Far Town, and Parish of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York. 2709

cxviii. An Act for extinguishing Tithes and Customary Payments in lieu of Tithes, and all Demands for Easter Offerings, within the London or City Liberty of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the City of London, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof. 2721

cxix. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Gas Light and Coke Company, and to amend several Acts passed in the Reign of His late Majesty relating to the said Company. 2741

cxx. An Act for repairing the Roads from Oxdown Gate in Popham Lane to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Hursley to Chandler*s Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the Hundred at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swathling, in the County of Southampton, and from the said Turnpike Road at Romsey, through Ringwood, in the said County, to Longham Bridge and Wimborne Minster, in the County of Dorset. 2765

cxxi. An

(Local $ Pei'sotud, declared Public, fyc.J 4" GEO. IV. xxi

cxxi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from a Place called the Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the County of Stafford, to Stone Bridge, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the County of Warwick* 2781

cxxii. An Act for repairing the Roads from the Borough of Tamworth, in "the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, to the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch in the County of Leicester, and from Harrington Bridge (heretofore Sawley Ferry) in the said County of Leicester, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swarcliffe Lane leading to Ashby-de-la-Zonch aforesaid. 2793

cxxiii. An Act to enlarge the Powers of and render more effectual certain Acts of the Twenty-second and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, and the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, lor the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes and Places in the said Acts mentioned, and to regulate the Fees payable to the Court thereby established. 2809

cxxiv. An Act to allow further Time for the Completion of the Docks, and other Works belonging to the London Dock Company. 2821

cxxv. An Act for altering the Time for holding General Annual Meetings for licensing Alehouses within the County of Middlesex, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace for the said County to remunerate High Constables. 2825

cxxvi. An Act for the better Government of the City of Limerick, and the due Appropriation of the Public Revenues thereof. 2833

T

A TABLE of the STATUTES

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING’S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Croydon in the County of Surrey. 3

2. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Molyneux Seel Esquire,

in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of a more convenient and compact Estate, to be settled to the same Uses. 17

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Quarter of Oulton, in

the Parish of Wigton in the County of Cumberland. 29

4. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving a certain Moor or Open

Pasture called Hawdon Field, otherwise Brown Moor, in the Parish of Warden in the County of Northumberland. 53

5. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Third, for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appropriating the Commons, Waste Grounds and Mosses, within the Manor or Township of Egton with Newland, in the Parish of Ulverston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 69

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of North Burton, otherwise

Cherry Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York. 77

7* An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Byton in the County of Durham. 97

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thame and Sydenham in

the County of Oxford. 125

9. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townships or Divisions of

Whitwell and Selside, Skelsmergh and Crook, in the Parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland. 149

10. An Act for settling and securing Parts and Portions of the Lands and

Barony of Invermay, in the County of Perth, to and in favour of Alexander Hepburn Belshes Esquire, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by certain Deeds of Entail made by Barbara Hepburn and others, and Sir Patrick Hepburn Murray, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained therein; and for vesting in lieu thereof the Barony and Estate of Blackcastle, in the Counties of Haddington and Berwick, in the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple. I69

11. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Provost and Scholars of the King's College of Blessed Mary and Saint Nicholas of Cambridge, and the Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars of the College or Hall commonly called Clare Hall, in the University of Cambridge. 181

12. An

(Private, printed) 4 GEO. IV. xxiii

12. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for inclosing and improving Beam Heath, in the Township of Alvaston, in the Parish of Nantwich, in the County Palatine of Chester. 189

13. An Act to enable the Reverend Richard Buck Clerk, and Margaret

his Wife, and the Survivor of them, to grant Leases of a Moiety of the Coal Mines within the Estates devised by the Will of John Hull deceased, in the County of Lancaster. 205

14. An Act for exchanging an Estate in the County of Wilts, whereof

John Biddulph Esquire and Augusta his Wife, and Philip Jones Esquire and Sarah his Wife, have joint Power of Disposition, for Estates in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, settled by the Will of Sarah Richards, in Trust for the same Parties and their Children. 217

15. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of an Estate in the Parish of

Stone in the County of Stafford (to which Ann Unett, an Infant, is entitled in Tail), for an Estate of greater Value, belonging to John Wilkes Unett, and Elizabeth his Wife, and Lettice Unett. 229

16. An Act for confirming certain Exchanges made by Sir George Thomas

Baronet, deceased, and George White Thomas Esquire, deceased, of Estates at Yapton, Walberton, Madehurst, Bilsham, and Climping, in the County of Sussex. 237

17. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Right Honourable

Henry Hall Viscount Gage, and the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of* the Holy Trinity of Chichester, of Estates in the County of Sussex. . 261

18. An Act for enabling the President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and

Members of the Philanthropic Society to purchase from the Corporation and other Persons entitled thereto the Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, upon which they have erected a Chapel, Buildings, and other Works, and such other Land adjoining thereto as may be required for the Purposes of their Charity. 273

19. An Act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session to ta*e an Account of the Debts and Burdens affecting and that may be made to affect the entailed Estate of Wemyss, in the Counties of Fife and Perth; and to sell the said Estate, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient to discharge the said Debts and Burdens. 281

20. An Act for vesting in Trustees an Estate in the Parish of Chieveley m the County of Berks, devised in strict Settlement by the Will of William Capel Esquire, deceased, and afterwards contracted to be sold by him, in order to effectuate the Sale thereof agreeably to such Contract. 297

21. An Act for exchanging certain Parts of the Estates devised by the

Will of the late Sir William Guise Baronet, in strict Settlement, for certain other Estates in the County of Gloucester; and for vesting other Parts of the said Estates in Trustees, to be sold for paying off Incumbrances, and for other Purposes. 305

22. An Act for authorizing the Investment of Monies belonging to the

Infant Sons of Sir Samuel Romilly, deceased, in the Purchase of certain Parts of his Daughter’s Share of his Real Estate, to be conveyed to Trustees upon certain Trusts. 3&5

23. An

XXIV

A TABLE of the STATUTES

23. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Congers ton, otherwise

Congeston, in the County of Leicester. 337

24. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas

Viscount Wentworth in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same to the Right Honourable Richard William Penn Earl Howe, and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, or One of them, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the said Will. 365

25. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Land and other Hereditaments belonging to Sidney Sussex College, in the University of Cambridge, in Trustees for Sale, with Powers to lease on Fines; and for applying the Purchase Monies, and Monies to arise from Fines, in manner therein mentioned. 385

26. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the late Sir William Fast Baronet, deceased, and Tenants under the See of Canterbury, to join in Grants of Building and Repairing Leases with the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being, of Lands in Lambeth Marsh held under

27. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell certain Parts of the Dominium directum or Superiority of the Entailed Estate of Park in the County of Banff, presently belonging to Thomas Gordon Esquire of Park, and to apply the Price to be obtained for the same in the Payment of the Debts affecting the said Estate. 409

28. An Act for changing the Site of the Hospital at Sheffield in the County of York, founded by the Right Honourable Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury; and for the better Regulation of the Affairs of that Charity. 421

29. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Edward Mynors Esquire, situate in the Counties of Stafford and Leicester, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, to

the said See.

393

be settled to the same Uses,

449

(Private, not printed) 4° GEO. IV.

XXV

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

SO. \ N Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Bastow) and Hamlets of Bubnell, Cur bar, and Froggatt, all in the said Manor of Baslow, and in the Parish of Bakewell in the County of Derby.

31. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Hoff and Hoff Row, and Dry beck, in the Manor of Dry beck, Hoff Row, and Netherhoff, in the Parish of Saint Lawrence, Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland.

32. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Allardyce Esquire with Dorothy Allardyce his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again $ and for other Purposes.

33. An Act for naturalizing Augustus Fredrick William Hoffmann.

34. An Act for confirming an Agreement between Sir John Pakington Baronet, and the Trustees of the Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Henry Coventry Esquire, deceased, for charitable Purposes.

35. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Abthorpe in the County of Northampton.

36. An Act for naturalizing Philip Frederick Tinne.

37. An Act for naturalizing Andreas Christian Boode, and his Two infant Children Phebe Boode and John Christian Boode.

88. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Henry Cunliffe Esquire with Louisa his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again*

39. An Act for naturalizing Henry Robert Ferguson,

40. An Act for naturalizing Francis AllegatU

41. An Act for rendering valid and effectual the Powers of Sale and Exchange, and for the Appointment of new Trustees, in the Settlements made of Estates belonging to Richard Benyon de Beauvoir Esquire, pursuant to the Will of Richard Benyon Esquire, his late Father* deceased.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823*

G

INDEX

TO THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

AND TO THE

PRIVATE ACTS printed by THE KING'S PRINTER,

4° GEO. IV.

All the Acts, the Purpose of which is not here specially stated, are Road Acts; All the Acts are indexed under every Head occurring in the Title.

Note.—The Local and Personal Acts are referred to in Numerals, and the Private Printed Acts in Figures.

A.

Acton Forge, near Weverham, from Tarporley (Chester)

Addistone Hill in the Parish of Holbeton, to the Totness Road at Lady Down in the Parish of Ugborough (Devon) -

Aldgate [Middlesex), lighting St. Botolph’s Parish in, with Gas Alehouses in the County of Middlesex, altering Time of holding General Meetings for licensing -

Alfreton to Derby [Derby) -

Alvaston [Chester), inclosing Beam Heath in the Township of Andover, from Worthy Cow Down through Wherwell (Southampton) Andrew (St.) Holborn [London), extinguishing Tithes in the Parish of -Ash by-de-la-Zouch [Leicester), from Tamworth [Stafford and Warwick) and from Harrington Bridge to Gate near the End of Swarcliffe Lane [Leicester), leading to Ashby-de-la-Zouch -

Ashington Common, from Offington Corner, in Parishes of Broadwater and West Tarring, to Dial Post [Sussex) -

Aylesbury [Bucks), from Sparrow’s Herne on Busbey Heath [Herts) to Walton near -

Cap.

lxxxii

cix

xcviii

cxxv

xli

12

lxxxiii

cxviii

CXXII

xxvii

lxiv

Banbury [Oxford) through SwalclifFe [Oxford), and through Brailes to the

Bridge over the Stour at Barcheston (Warwick) cv

Barham, Dover Road in, from Canterbury [Kent) - - lvii

Downs, from Dover [Kent) - - lxxxi

Barnhill [Chester), from Wrexham [Denbigh) - - xlv

Barnsley Common to Grange Moor and White Cross, and from Guide . Post in Barugh, over Barugh Brook, toCawthome [W.R.York) - lxvi

ANNO REGNI

GEORG I I IV.

Britanniarum, Regis, QUARTO.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-first Day of April, Anno Domini 1820, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Fourth, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith:

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Fourth Day of February 1823, being the FOURTH SESSION of the SEVENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near the Haw Passage, in the County of Gloucester, and for making convenient Roads thereto.

[19th March 1823.]

WHEREAS the building of a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near a Place called the Haw Passage, from the West Bank of the said River, in the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Gloucester, to the opposite Bank in the Parish of Deerhurst, in the same County, and the making of convenient Roads to communicate therewith, and the altering, widening, and repairing of the present Roads leading to the said Passage, will very materially shorten the Distance, and facilitate the Communication between the Town of Cheltenham, in the said County of Gloucester, and the Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and also between London, Ledbury, and South Wales; and the building of such Bridge, and the making, altering, widening, and repairing of such Roads, will be a great Advantage and Accommodation to the Proprietors and Occupiers of Land, and to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places lying on the East and West Sides of the said River, in the Neighbourhood of the said Haw Passage, and near to the said Line of Road, and will in many other Respects be of \_Local.~] A 2 great

4 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

great public Utility : And whereas there is a Ferry for Carriages, and for Horses and Foot Passengers, over the said River Severn, at the Haw Passage aforesaid, and it would be advantageous to the Public to purchase the said Ferry: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-Trustees. liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting for the County of Gloucester, together with James Agg, Thomas Alder, Edward Armitage, Thomas Addison, Robert Biddulph, John Biddulph, Charles Bodenham, Francis Lewis Bodenham, John Maisey Byrch, John Griffith Beavan, Devereaux Bowley, Edward Barnes, William Barnard, John Briggs, John Biddulph the younger, Edward Bartley, Sir John Geers Cotterell Baronet, James Commeline Clerk, Robert Capper, Edward Bolton Clive, James Fielder Croome, Richard Warfren Coley, Sir George Come-wall Baronet, George Dowdeswell, Thomas Davis, Viscount Eastnor, Edmund Ecldey Clerk, Thomas Fulljames, James Fowler, James Fisher, Sir Arthur Brooke Faulkner Knight, John Gardner, Thomas Gray, Thomas Griffiths, William Gyde, Theodore Gwinnett, Charles Gillart, Jeremiah Hawkins, William Hawkins, John Hopkins, Henry William Harris, William Hopton Clerk, Thomas Henney, William Henry Hyett, James Lloyd Harris, Edward Howell, Walter John Hamilton, Thomas Healing, John James, Thomas Jay, Baynham Jones, John Ireland, Thomas Jones, Sir Anthony Lechmere Baronet, James Lovett, Samuel Lovesy, Conway Whithorne Lovesy, James Matthews, Saunders William Miller Clerk, Stephen Hemsted Murley, Robert Morris, Charles Henry Marshall, Benjamin Moreland, Thomas Newell, Edmund Lambert Newman, James Neyler, George New-march, Thomas Newman, Benjamin Nexvmarch, John Harvey Ollney, Joseph Pitt, Robert Price, Joseph Pitt the younger, William Pitt, Richard Pruen, William Henry Parker, John Parker, Rowland Paul, John Phillpotts, John Ferris Petherick, David Ricardo, Osman Ricardo, John Riddell, Luke Reilly, William Ravenhill, John Roughton, Joseph Read, Henry Eustatius Strickland, Walter Strickland, Charles Archdeacon Sandijord, Charles Seale, John Sherburne, Thomas Smith, Thomas Northplacc Smith, Joseph Cooper Straford, Samuel Shedden, John Smith, William Slatter, William Slatter Clerk, Michael Joseph Semper, Charles Seager, Richard Philip Scudamore, Charles Taylor Clerk, D. D., John Turner, Thomas Turner, Pearson Thompson, Henry Nonvood Try, Daniel Trinder, Charles Sheldon Timins, Walter Wilkins, William Wood, Walter Wilkins the younger, Francis Walker, John White, Charles Wetherell, Robert Younghusband, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they $re hereby appointed Trustees for carrying this Act into Execution.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any Meeting to be holdenin pursuance of this Act, to elect and appoint any Number of additional Trustees, not exceeding Five in the whole; such Notice being

given

Power to elect an additional Number of Trustees.

5

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.u

given of such Election and Appointment,as hereinafter mentioned; which additional Trustees shall have the same Power and Authority for executing this Act as if they had been herein named and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any of the Trustees named in or appointed by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be appointed under or by virtue hereofj shall die, resign, or refuse to act, or by Bankruptcy, Insolvency, or otherwise, become incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the surviving or continuing Trustees, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, by Writing under their respective Hands, to elect and appoint some Person to be a Trustee, in the Room of every Trustee so dying, resigning, or refusing to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, Fourteen Days previous Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting of the said Trustees for every such Election being given by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being, by affixing such Notice in Writing upon all the Toll Gates to be erected in pursuance of this Act; and every Person who shall be so elected and appointed a Trustee shall and may act with the surviving and continuing Trustees, in the Execution of this Act, in the same Manner as if he had been originally appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall either in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be seised or possessed of, and in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person so seised or possessed of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds above Reprizes; and if any Person not being so qualified, or being disqualified by any of the Causes aforesaid, or not having taken and subscribed the Oath hereinafter mentioned, or, being a Quaker, not having made and subscribed the Affirmation hereinafter mentioned, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit; and every such Person so prosecuted for acting as such Trustee shall prove that he is so qualified, or not disqualified, or not incapable of acting as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided always, that all the Acts and Proceedings of any Person acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

[Local.'] B V. Pro-

Appointment of newr Trustees.

Qualification of a Trustee.

6

Oath.

, Trustees may act as Justices.

No Trustee concerned in any Contract, &c. to act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

V.Provided also,and be it enacted, That every Trustee before he shall act as such (except in administering the following Oath or Affirmation at the First or Second Meeting after the Commencement of this Act) shall take an Oath (or, being a Quaker, shall make solemn Affirmation), before One or more of the said Trustees, (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same), in the Form following; that is to say,

« y do swear [or, being one of the

4 A People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm, as the Case may

* be,~] that I am truly and bond fide in my own Right [or in Right

* of my Wife] seised of and in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands,

4 Tenements, or Hereditaments, of an Estate for Life or Inheritance

* of the Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or am

4 Heir Apparent of , who to the best of my

* Knowledge is seised of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands,

4 Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of 4 Two hundred Pounds above Reprizes; and that I will faith- fully and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, 4 execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts 4 reposed in me as a Trustee under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled an Act [ here set forth the Title 4 of this AcQ• So help me GOD.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, may nevertheless act as Justices of the Peace in Execution of this Act, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Trustee appointed, or to be appointed, under or by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, who shall hold any Contract, or be beneficially employed, or in any manner interested or concerned directly or indirectly in supplying any Articles or Materials for the Use of the said Trustees, shall act as a Trustee for the Purposes of this Act during the Time he shall be so employed, concerned, or interested as aforesaid; and in case any Person shall act as a Trustee under this Act during the Time he shall hold any Contract, or shall be beneficially employed, or in any Manner interested or concerned directly or indirectly in supplying any Articles or Materials for the Use of the said Trustees; then and in every such Case, every such Person so acting as a Trustee shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, and One Moiety of such Penalty, when recovered, shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Trustees, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the Person or Persons so convicted shall be absolutely

7

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

disqualified from acting any longer as a Trustee under or for the Purposes of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meef Trustees together at the House known by the Name or Sign of the Plough First and at Cheltenham, or at some other convenient Place in or near eet"

Cheltenham aforesaid, within Twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act, or as soon afterwards as conveniently may be, and proceed in the Execution hereof; and the said Trustees shall then from Time to Time afterwards, during the Continuance of this Act, adjourn themselves to meet at the same Place, or at such other Place or Places upon or near the Side or Sides of the said Roads, and not exceeding the Distance of Six Miles from some Parts thereof, and at such Time or Times, as the said Trustees respectively, or the major Part of them present at such Meetings, shall appoint; and if there shall not appear Manner of at any Meetings a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourning, adjourn to another Day, (for the Purpose of which Adjournments only Two Trustees shall be sufficient), or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit to adjourn, or in case it shall at any Time be thought necessary by any Two or more of the Trustees to hold a Meeting of the said Trustees on an earlier Day than the Day to which any Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and as often as it shall so happen any Two or more of the said Trustees (or the Clerk to the said Trustees, being authorized by an Order in Writing, signed by Two or more of the said Trustees), shall and may call a Meeting of the said Trustees, by a Notice in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon or across the said Roads Ten Days previous to the Time of such Meeting, at such Time and Place as such Trustees shall think proper, and order, direct or appoint; and at all the several Meetings, the Trustees shall Trustees to pay and defray their own Expences, except any Sum not exceeding pay their Ten Shillings per Diem, for the Use of the Room wherein they own Ex"

o jl ' t if rjences cx—

shall meet; and all Orders and Determinations of the Trustees in J.ept f0’r the the Execution of this Act shall be made at Meetings to be held Room, in pursuance of this Act, and not elsewhere, (except in the Cases hereby otherwise particularly provided for); and that no Order Orders to be or Determination shall be made unless the major Part of the Trus- !JLade.at tees present shall concur therein; and that all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relating to this Act which are directed to be had, Majority to made, done, or exercised by or before the said Trustees, and all the concur. Powers and Authorities hereby in them vested generally, shall and General may be had, made, done, and exercised by the major Part of the Quorum of Trustees who shall be present at the respective Meetings to be held lrustees* by virtue of this Act, the whole Number present not being less than Three (except in such Cases where any other Number is herein named); and that all Acts, Orders or Proceedings had, made or done, by or before such Three Trustees, shall have the same Force and Effect, and be binding and conclusive on all Persons and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as fully and effectually as if the same were had, made, done or executed by or before all of the said Trustees; and that a Chairman shall and may, in the chairman first place, be appointed at every Meeting to be held by virtue and to be ap-

for p°*nted» who

8

shall have a castingVote.

No Order to be revoked without Notice.

Trustees may appoint Officers.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

for the Purposes of this Act, who, in case of an equal Number of Votes upon any Occasion, (including such Chairman’s Vote), shall have the casting or decisive Vote; and that no Order or Determination at any Meeting of the said Trustees, once made, agreed upon or entered into, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Notice of the Intention to make such Revocation or Alteration shall have been given at a previous Meeting holden and entered in the Book of Proceedings of such Meeting, and also by affixing a Copy of such Notice on all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon the said Roads Fourteen Days at least before such Meeting, nor unless such Revocation or Alteration shall be agreed to be made by a greater Number of Trustees than concurred in the making any such Order or Determination.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees by writing under their Hands shall and may appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, and Receiver or Receivers of the Tolls hereby

f ranted, and such other Officers as they shall think necessary for the 'urposes of this Act; and shall and may from Time to Time remove any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and other Officers as they shall see Occasion, and appoint new ones in case of Death, Resignation, or Removal; and shall and may out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act make such Allowances to the Treasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and other Officers, and to such other Persons as shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and every Officer shall, as often as required by the said Trustees, render and give to them, or to such Person as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under his Hand with proper Vouchers, of all Monies which he shall to such Time have received, paid, or disbursed by virtue of this Act, or by reason of his Office j and in case any Money so received shall remain in his Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Trustees, or to such Person as they shall by any writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same, to be laid out in the Execution of this Act, and not otherwise; and in case any such Officer shall not give in and make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall for the Space of Ten Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees refuse or neglect to render and give up to the said Trustees, or to such Person as they shall direct, all Books and other Things in their Hands, Custody, or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, that then any Justice of the Peace for the County where such Officer shall dwell, shall and may make Enquiry concerning such Default in a summary way, as well by the Confession of the Party as by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward); and if such Officer shall be convicted of any such Offence, such Justice shall upon such Conviction commit the Party to the common Gaol of the County where such Officer shall reside, there to remain

without

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i. 9

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to Proceedings be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceed- Book, ings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman who shall have been then present, or by any Three or more of the Trustees present at such Meeting, shall be deemed Originals, which Book or Books, and also the Book or Books hereinafter directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Assignments, or Transfers thereof, shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cases, Suits, Actions, Prosecutions and Proceedings touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and such Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of all and every the said Trustees, hereinbefore mentioned, and the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may take Copies thereof, without paying any thing for the

V

same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and Accounts to they are hereby required from Time to Time to order and direct a Book f.

or Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, Disburse-in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered ments, which true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, shall be open laid out and expended for or on Account of the Bridge and Roads specdon of to be erected and made in pursuance of this Act, and of the several the Trustees Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall and Cre-have been disbursed, laid out and paid; which Book or Books shall ditors* at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor on the Tolls hereby granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any [Local.] C Part

10

Clerk not to act as Treasurer, and vice versa.

Trustees may remove Collectors, and appoint temporary Ones.

Collector refusing to give up Toll Houses, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. i.

Part or Parts thereof without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit or shall not permit the said Trustees or Creditors, or any or either of them, to inspect the same, or take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer, for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall die, or neglect or refuse to perform, or become incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting or refusing to perform or become incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absenting himself, and to nominate and appoint some other Person or Persons to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the stead of such Collector or Receiver who shall so die or be discharged; and such Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the like Manner in all respects as the Collector or Receiver who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person or Persons who may have the Possession of any Toll House or Building or any Appurtenances thereto, to be erected, set up, or used by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up the Possession thereof for the Space of Three Days next after demand thereof made by Notice in Writing, signed by any Two or more of the said Trustees, (although not assembled at a Meeting), or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for that Purpose, given to such Collector or Receiver or other Person or Persons, or left at any such

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i. 11

such Toll House, Building, or Premises, then and in any of the Justices im-said Cases it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices |!J^War-of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, by Warrant under his rants, and or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable Constable to or other Peace Officer for the said County, with such Assistance as *nter and may be necessary, to enter such Toll House, or other Buildings, or cdlecto^ Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who &c. shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the same, and put the said Trustees or such new-appointed Collector or Receiver as aforesaid into the Possession thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and How Trua-maysueand be sued in the Name of any One of the said Trustees, or tees may be of their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being; and that no Action sue *

or Suit which may be brought by or against the said Trustees or any of them in relation to this Act, in the Name of any One of the said Trustees or of their Treasurer or Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Trustees, Treasurer or Clerk, or by the Act of such Trustees, Treasurer,or Clerk without the Consent of the said Trustees; but One of the said Trustees or the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, as the Case may be; provided always, that all and every such Trustee, Treasurer, or Clerk shall be reimbursed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and reasonable Expences as he or they shall be put unto or become charged or chargeable with by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Defendant, or Plaintiffs or Defendants as aforesaid; and no such Trustee, Treasurer, or Clerk shall be personally accountable or liable to the Payment of the same, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his or their own wilful Neglect or Default, or have been brought or commenced without the Order or Direction of the said Trustees.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Powergiren said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by to Contract or otherwise, to cause a good and substantial Bridge to be building the built at or near the said Ferry across the said River Severn, fit and Bridgef&c. proper for the Passage of Carriages, Horses, Cattle, and Foot Passengers, and of such Form, Construction, and Dimensions as they shall think proper, except as hereinafter is mentioned, so that the said Bridge shall, when erected, stand at right Angles with the Current of the said River, and also a Toll Gate and Toll House, or Toll Gates and Toll Houses, with proper Causeways on each Side, and to cause the said Bridge and Toll House and Causeways to be from Time to Time supported, maintained, and kept in good Repair; and the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to cause any Shelves or other Obstructions in the said River to be removed, and all Beds of Gravel, Sand, Mud, or other Impediment to be taken away, and the Banks of the said River to be dug and cut in such Manner as they shall judge necessary and proper for building the said Bridge, and from Time to Time to do or cause to be done all other Things necessary and proper for building, supporting, and maintaining the said Bridge,

12

4° GEORGIA IV. Cap. i.

Toll House, and Causeways; and that after the said Bridge shall be built as aforesaid, the same shall for ever be and remain a public Bridge, and all Persons, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages shall have free Liberty (upon Payment of the respective Tolls hereinafter granted) to pass over the same without any Hinderance or Interruption of or by any Person or Persons whomsoever.

Navigation

XVII. And in order that the Current of the said River Set’em, and of River Se- the Navigation thereof, may not be hindered or obstructed, it is preserved6 hereby further enacted, That the Crown of the Centre Arch of the rve ’ said Bridge shall be raised to the Height of Six Feet at the least

above the Level of the Banks of the said River, contiguous to the said Bridge, and that the several Piers of the Bridge, or the Foundations thereof, above the present Bed of the River, to be erected and formed by virtue of this Act, shall not in their whole Breadth occupy a Space of more than Eighteen Feet in the Channel of the said River, except during the Time of the Erection or Repair of the said Bridge, and that during the Time of such Erection or Repair, the Number of Piles to be driven in the Bed of the said River shall not be more than shall be absolutely necessary for the support of the said Bridge, and the Works thereto belonging.

Roads to be

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the made. said Trustees to make or cause to be made a new Line or Cut of Road from the North West Corner of a certain Piece of Arable Land belonging to John Whittle, lying at the Eastward of Staunton Swan, in the Parish of Corse in the said County of Gloucester, to meet the present Road near the Turnpike Grate, at or near the East End of the Parish of Corse in the said County of Gloucester; and also a new Line or Cut of Road to commence at the Top of Tirley Pitch in the Parish of Tirley in the said County, and thence passing through certain Inclosures, to join the present Road at the Bottom of Tirley Street, in the Parish of Tirley in the said County, so as to shorten the Distance and avoid the present Road down Tirley Pitch, and also to make or cause to be made a further new Line or Cut of Road from the West Corner of an Orchard belonging to William Henry Hyett, in the Parish of Deerhurst, adjoining the present Road from the Haw Passage to the Coombe Hill Canal, and thence passing through the said Orchard towards the Bank of the said Coombe Hill Canal, and thence parallel with the Bank of the Canal, and thence through certain Inclosures to join the present Turnpike Road leading from Tewksbury to Cheltenham, at or near the Public House called the Swan, in the Parish of Leigh in the said County; and also to alter, raise, widen, repair and improve any Part or Parts of the present Road leading from Staunton Swan to the Haw Passage, and from thence to the Foot of Apperley Hill aforesaid, and to the said Orchard of the said William Henry Hyett, through the several Parishes of Corse Tirley, Deerhurst, and the Lye in the said County of Gloucester $ all which said Roads extending from the Land of the said John Whittle, near Staunton Swan aforesaid, unto the Junction of the Turnpike Road leading from Tewkesbury to Cheltenham, shall be deemed and considered Turnpike Roads, and to be made, improved, and repaired by virtue of this Act:

13

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

Act j and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, for the Purposes of making, altering, raising, widening, and repairing the said Roads, and for their Agents and Workmen to enter into and upon the Lands or Grounds belonging to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate whatsoever, through which the said Roads or intended Roads do or are to pass, and to set out and ascertain such Parts thereof as they shall think necessary and proper for the making, altering, and widening the said Roads; and when and as soon as the same shall be so set out and ascertained, and Compensation to the Parties interested shall have been agreed upon or tendered as hereinafter mentioned, at the proper Costs and Charges of the said Trustees, to fence off and separate the Land or Ground so intended for the said Roads, and for the altering and widening thereof from the adjoining Lands or Grounds, with Quicksets, and Posts, and Rails, or otherwise, as shall be found necessary or convenient, and with proper and sufficient Gates, Bridges, and Arches to open into and out of the said Roads, through which the respective Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and their Agents and Servants shall and may at all Times thereafter have free Ingress, Egress, and Regress to pass and repass with their Horses, Teams, and Cattle; and the same Roads shall be made and at all Times afterwards maintained and repaired at the proper Costs and Charges of the said Trustees by and out of the Tolls by this Act granted, (except as hereinafter is mentioned.)

XIX. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line and Altera- Plan depo-tion of the said Roads and the Lands through which the same is to

be carried, together with a Book of Reference, containing a List of ^ePeacg0 the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been to remain, deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Gloucester; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the end that all Persons may at reasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof, paying the Clerk of the Peace One Shilling for every such Inspection, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts; and that the said Trustees in making, altering, or widening the said Roads shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Line described in the said Map or Plan without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and tnay be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Roads into, through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Land over which the said Roads are set out and described in the said Map or Plan as last aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be erroneously described or omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more

\_Local.~] D Justices

Mistakes may be corrected.

Roads may be widened, altered, &c.

Bodies Politic, and other incapacitated Persons, empowered to sell and convey.

Satisfaction to be made.

4° GEORGI1 IV.

Justices of the Peace for the said Cdunty of Gloucester, and be certified by Writing under their Hands that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall at any Time or Times hereafter think proper to widen, turn, or alter any Part or Parts of the said Roads either for shortening or rendering the same more commodious to Passengers, then and so often they the said Trustees shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to widen any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and to divert, turn or alter the Course or Direction of any Part or Parts thereof within the Distance aforesaid; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to treat, contract, and agree with the Owner or Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof or for the Loss or Damage such Owner or Owners, or Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may sustain by such widening, turning, or altering any Part or Parts of the said Roads or the making any such new Road as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and to and for all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy or otherwise, and to and for all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for Charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of themselves, their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in such Ferry, or in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, through or over which the said Roads shall be made, widened, diverted, or altered, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell to them all or any of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as occasion shall require; and all Contracts and Sales which shall be so made, shall, without any Conveyance or Assurance in the Law, be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all such Persons are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and Tenant and Tenants for Life, and Tenant and Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, Expectancy,

4° GEORGII IV. i. 15

pectancy, or otherwise, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Femes Covert, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Person or Persons who is or are seised, possessed of, or interested in such Ferry, or in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which may be required for the Purposes of this Act, or whose Ferries, Rights, or Privileges, may be injured or prejudiced by means or in consequence of the Erection of such Bridge may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Ferry Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by the making, widening, diverting, or altering the said Roads, as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Parties interested respectively or any of them and the said Trustees; and in case the said Parties so interested or in consequence of the Erection of such Bridge, or any of them, and the said Trustees cannot agree as to the Amount or Value of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for Satisfaction for Damages to be sustained, the same shall be settled and ascertained as is hereinafter directed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politic, If Parties Corporate or Collegiate, or any Feoffee or Feoffees in Trust, Executors, a.r djssa-Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees of or for ghaliCaUsea any Idiot or Lunatic, oranyFeme Covert, orany Person whether Tenant jury to be for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on impannelled any Life or Lives, or any other Person or Persons so interested or to decide the entitled as aforesaid, cannot agree with the said Trustees respect- atter* ing the Purchase of such Ferry or in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Satisfaction to be made for any Damages (not hereby provided to be settled by any other Mode) that may be sustained from Time to Time by him, her, or them by or in consequence of the making or maintaining the said Bridge or Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof or of any of the Works to be made and maintained by virtue of this Act, and shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the said Trustees requiring a Jury to be summoned for the Purpose of determining such Purchase Money or Satisfaction; or if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid shall, upon Notice in Writing given by the Clerk of the said Trustees to the principal Officers of any such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to such Feoffee or Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators,

Husbands, Guardian, Trustee, Committee of or for any Idiot, Lunatic, or Feme Covert, or to such Tenant for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or other Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act for the Space of Twentyrone Days next after such Notice, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Trustees, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability or Nonage, Coverture or other legal Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement or Agreements as shall be necessary for the Purposes as aforesaid, or shall not within the before mentioned Space of Twenty-one Days produce and fully

disclose

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

disclose the State of the Title to the Premises, which he, she, or they respectively is or are or shall be in Possession of, and the Interest which he, she, or they respectively may claim therein, then and in every such Case the said Trustees shall, and they are empowered and required to issue their Precept under their Hands and Seals, directed to the Sheriff of the said County of Gloucester, thereby requiring him to impannel, summon, and return a Jury, and such Sheriff is hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twelve honest and indifferent Men qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to be returned for the Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Sheriff at such Time and Place as in such Precept shall be appointed, such Time not being less than Ten or more than Fourteen Days after such Precept shall be served upon the Sheriff, and Ten Days Notice at the least in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees, is hereby required to be given to the Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons as aforesaid interested in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to be left at the respective Dwelling-Houses or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or the head Officer or Officers of such Corporation, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the Time and Place of the said Jury being so impannelled, summoned, and returned; and the said Sheriff is hereby required, out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen the said Sheriff shall return other honest, sufficient, and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, (being qualified as last aforesaid), to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve, and it shall be lawful for all Persons concerned, by themselves, their Counsel, and Solicitors, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evidence before the said Sheriff; and such Persons shall also have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen w hen they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Sheriff is hereby empowered and required by a Summons or Notice to be signed by him, either previous to or at the Time of any such Meeting or Meetings, to call before him all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Sheriff may order and authorize the said Jury or any Six or more of them to view the Place or Places or Premises in Question, if there be occasion, and to use all other Ways and Means, as well for his own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the Sheriff shall think fit, which Jury, upon their Oaths, (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Sheriff is hereby empowered and required to administer), shall enquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or what Damages will be sustained by, and what' Recompence and Satisfaction shall be

made

4° GEORGII IV. Cap A. 17

made to such Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested for or on account of the Erection of the said Bridge, or the taking such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act, or of turning any Part or Parts of the said Roads or Accesses to the said Bridge into, over or through the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and shall assess separate Damages for the same; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damages, Recompence, and Satisfaction, the said Sheriff shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid by the said Trustees to the Owners or Occupiers of or other Person or Persons interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, and give Judgment for such Purchase Monies, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be assessed by such Jury, which said Verdict or Inquisition, Order and Judgment thereon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Sheriff, and shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming any Estate in Fee-simple, or Fee Tail, for Life or Lives, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert,

Persons beyond the Seas, and under any other Disability whatsoever,

Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, as well as other Persons whomsoever, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or other Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminsterr or any other Court, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Persons re-Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and Per- questing Ju-son or Persons requesting a Jury to be summoned, shall, (before such Bond? Warrant shall be issued for that Purpose), enter into a Bond with

Two sufficient Sureties to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, in a Penalty of One hundred Pounds, with Condition to pay and bear the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, in case the same shall be given for no greater or for a less Sum or Rent than had been offered by or on behalf of the said Trustees, before the impannelling, summoning, and returning the said Jury or Juries, for the Purchase of or as a Recompence for any Lands or other Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for any Damages, or in case no Verdict shall be found for Damages, where the whole Dispute was whether any Damages were or were not done as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if‘ any Sheriff or Sheriffs Compelling shall make Default in the Premises, they shall for every such Offence Sheriffs to forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds*, to be recovered by Action j"IJimon 8 of Debt or on the Case in any of His Majesty's Courts of Re- Ury* cord at Westminster, by the said Trustees, or by such other Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or other Person or Persons interested in the Matter in Question; and if any Person so impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid upon

[Loca/.] E such

18 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

such Jury, shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be swofn 6h the said Jury, or being sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and if any Person or Persons summoned to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall neglect or refuse to appear, after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her, or their Costs, Charges, and Expences, or shall not allege a sufficient Excuse to the said Sheriff for not appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined or to give Evidence, then and in every such Case, every such Person so offending, upon Proof thereof made before ©¥>'£ of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of (ttoucebfei', upon the Oath of* One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, according to the Discretion of the said Justice or Justices; and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering to such Person the Overplus, after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and every such Penalty as shall be paid by or recovered from any Person who shall be impannelled, summoned, and returned on such Jury, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall appear to the said Justice or Justices to be injured by the Default of such Persons.

For punish-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person of trivi^faUe Persons who, i*1 any Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue Evidence!6 of this Act, shall wilfully give false Evidence, or otherwise forswear themselves, before any such Jury, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting as such in the Execution of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for the same; and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject and liable to such and the same Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

Expences of

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in each and every Case Juries, by where a Verdict shall be given for more Money as a Recompence of w^ijm to be Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or He«i reditaments of or belonging to any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil; or as a Compensation fof any Damages done, or to be done to any Lands, Tenements* or Heiedi-taments, than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Trustees; or where any Verdict shall be found for any Damages when the Dispute is for Damages only, and where no Compensation or a smaller Sum than shall be given by such Verdict, than had been previously offered or tendered in respect thereof, by or on behalf of the said Trustees; or where by reason of Absence in Foreign Countries such Persons shall have been prevented from treating, then and in all such Cases, all the Costs and Expences of impannelling, summoning, and returning swell Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, oftt of* any

Money

4° GEORG I-I IV. i. 1.9

Money Which shall then be in his Hands, or out of any Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; such Costs and Expences to be settled and ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Dispute shall have arisen, not interested in the Matter in Question, who is hereby authorized and impowered to settle and determine the same, and to make an Order on the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Payment thereof; but if any Verdict as aforesaid be given for the same Sum as had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Trustees, or for a less Sum than had been so previously offered, then and in all such Cases, the Costs and Expences of impannelling, summoning, and returning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settled in like Manner by the Sheriff so impannelling, summoning, and returning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, and be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or other Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Disputes or Controversies, which said Costs and Expences having been so settled shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums of Money so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, after having been so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shgll and may be recovered by the sdid Trustees by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture to be incurred under this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Upon Pay-Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contracted ment °1JrPuv‘ or agreed between the Parties, or assessed by such Juries in Manner ne^Trus-aforesaid, for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements or Here- tees’to enter, ditaments, or a Compensation for Damages as hereinbefore mentioned, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein or entitled to receive such Purchase Money or Compensation respectively, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or depositing the same in the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed, as the Case may be, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants immediately jto enter upon such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, and then and thereupon such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments;, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Use,

Trust, and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be vested in and become the sole Property of the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act for ever; and such Tender,

Payment, or Deposit shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemecl and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy or otherwise to his, her, or their Issue, and of all and every

20 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

every other Person and Persons interested therein, provided nevertheless that before such Payment, Investment, or Deposit made or given as aforesaid shall be made, it shall not be lawful to or for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting under or by virtue of their authority, to dig or cut or otherwise affect any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment, for the Purpose of erecting the said Bridge, or of making or constructing any of the Roads or Avenues to or from the same or any of the Works thereunto belonging, without the Leave and Consent of such Person or Persons respectively.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Judgments and Verdicts so given shall be transmitted to and be kept by the Clerk of the Peace or other Person or Persons having the Custody of the Records of the Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County of Gloucester, and shall be deposited with and deemed to be Records of such Quarter Sessions to all Intents and Purposes, and the same or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the same, paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, or to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words, and so on in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money Monies and which are to be paid to any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, •ationtoCor- Ecclesiastical or Civil, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administra-porate Bo- l°rs> Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees acting as dies, to be Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or on behalf of any laid out to Lunatics, Idiots, Feme Coverts, or other Cestuique Trusts, or to any User6 Person or Persons whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are

limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, for the Purchase of, or the Damages to be done or occasioned to any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue or in consequence of the Powers in this Act contained, shall in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, exparte the Trustees under this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge or Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed

and

Verdicts of Juries to be recorded.

Purchase

21

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

and settled to, for, and upon such Uses, Trusts, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken and used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect, and in the Meantime and until such Purchase shall be made the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the Meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by the Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Application

Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or where Pur-*• t t uiise Money

Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, is jess than

and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under 200/. and Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, or on Account of any Damage above 20/. to be done or occasioned to any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as hereinbefore mentioned, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, used, or injured, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, Trustee or Trustees, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons acting as such as aforesaid, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the Trustees under this Act,

(such Nomination and Approbation to be signified under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in the Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as last above-mentioned shall yhen Money be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall than be applied to the Use of such Person or Persons who would for the

Time being have been entitled to the Rent and Profits of the Lands,

\_Local.~\ F Tene-

m

Directing how Monies to be paid in case of Failure of Title, fcc.

Where any Question shall arise as to the Title to Money, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, &c. to be deemed entitled thereto.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

Tenements, or Hereditaments in respect whereof the same shall be paid in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the said Trustees shall direct the same to be paid, shall be sufficient Discharges for the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of the said Ferry, or of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons entitled to such Ferry, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable $ and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is or are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England as aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of the said Ferry, or any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest therein, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Ferry, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the Time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such

Person

4* GEORGII rV. i. 23

Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Ferry, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, or that such Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Ferry, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason of The Court any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation of Chancery entitled to such Ferry or to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments "^OThble to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money Expences for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, of Purchases and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Here- Jo b ditaments, or to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, tJe* e rub it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant of any Tenants to Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,to be purchased for the Purposes deliver Pos-of this Act, shall deliver up Possession of the same to the said Trustees, g^Months or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession Notice, thereof, upon receiving Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession from the Clerk to the said Trustees, or from the Person or Persons so authorised by them to take such Possession; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with reference to the Time or *

Times of such Tenant’s Holding or not, or so soon after as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Trustees, or the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof, (such Authority being signified under the Hands of the said Trustees): Provided always, that the said Trustees shall make such Recompence and Satisfaction to the said Tenants or Occupiers as the said Trustees shall think just and reasonable; and in case of any Dispute concerning the same, such Recompence and Satisfaction shall be settled and ascertained in such and the like Manner as the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made by the said Trustees for the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act are herein directed to be ascertained and settled; and in case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid,

(all such reasonable Satisfaction being first made or tendered), it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of Gloucester to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or

Precepts

24 4° GEORGII IV. i.

Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

Power to get XXX

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

Materials. Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, and all such Persons as he or they shall appoint to search for, dig, get, gather, take, and carry away any Furze, Heath, Gravel, Chalk, Sand, Stones, Ballast, or other Materials for building or repairing the said Bridge, or making or repairing the Way over the same, or the said Roads or Buildings, rebuilding or repairing any Toll House or Toll Houses, on or by the Sides thereof, out of any River or Brook, or out of or from any Waste or Common in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place in which any Part of the said Roads lie, or in any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, or Place, making a reasonable Satisfaction for the same, to the Owner or Owners of the Soil from whence the same shall be taken, and to haul and carry away any such Materials when got over any Common or Waste Lands, and without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, the said Surveyor or Surveyors or other Person or Persons filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Grounds, or sloping down the Bank wherefrom such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same shall not be dangerous to any Persons or Cattle, and paying or tendering for the Damage done by going through or over any inclosed Lands or Grounds for or with such Materials, such Damages to be ascertained as herinafter mentioned; and also, that it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, get, gather, take, and carry away any such Materials in or out of the Land of any Person or Persons where the same may be had or found in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place in which any Part of the said Roads shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, or Place, (not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for such Materials and for the Damage done to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried away or over which the same shall be carried, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and also to land on and carry through or over any inclosed Lands or Grounds, (not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House), or on, through, or over any open Land or Common, any Stone or other Materials for building or repairing the said Bridge, or making or repairing the said Roads, or for building or repairing any Toll House or Toll Houses on or by the Sides thereof from any River, Stream, or Canal in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place in which the said Roads lie, or in any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, or Place, paying or tendering for the Damage done in landing on or going through or over any inclosed Lands or Grounds for or with such Materials, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i. 25

Difference between such Trustees, Surveyors, or other Persons appointed or employed as aforesaid, and the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, or any of them, concerning such Payments and Damages as aforesaid, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place wherein the Place from whence such Materials shall have been taken shall be situate, on Ten Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of such Payments and Damages, and the Costs attending the hearing and determining the same.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Notice to be not be lawful for any Surveyor or any other Person or Persons acting §^nr|^g0re under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry taken^Vora away any Materials for the Purposes aforesaid, out of or from any private inclosed Land or Ground, until Notice in Writing signed by the Lands. Surveyor shall have been given to the Owner or Owners of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or his or her known Agent, or to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the House or last or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Occupier, to appear before any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Liberty, or Place where the Lands from whence such Materials are intended to be taken shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had therefrom; and in case such Owner,

Agent, or Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Person to dig, get, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner, Agent, or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, the said Justices shall and may (upon Proof on Oath of the Service of such Notice, and which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer) make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Owner or Occupier or his or her Agent had attended.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in order to ensure the said Embank-Roads from the effect of Floods it shall be lawful for the said ments may Trustees to take so much of the Land immediately adjoining the the'sldes^f same as may be necessary for the raising the said Roads by Mounds the Roads, and Embankments above the present Level of the Lands, across which some Part of the said Roads now pass and other Parts are intended to pass, subject to the Provisions hereinafter contained; and also for that Purpose to dig Ditches by the Sides of the said Roads for the Purpose of using the Materials and Soil taken from the said Ditches in making the Mounds or Embankments for the said Roads, and also for the Purpose of preventing any Damage or Injury to the Lands or Grounds above the said Mounds or Embankments by Floods, and for carrying off Floods, and conducting the same to such Arches or Culverts as may be made and constructed for conveying off’the Water.

[Local.

G

m

Restrictions respecting Causewa}rs between Severn and Apperley Hill.

Additional Arches, Culverts, &c. to be made in ordertokeep the Water within the Embankments.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, under any Pretence to cause any Causeway, Road, or Embankment, between the River Severn, and Apperley Hill on the East Side of the said River, and between the said River and Tirley Pitchy on the West Side of the said River, to be raised or formed above the present Level of the Bank on each Side of the said River, contiguous to the Place where the said Bridge shall be erected, unless over the proposed Culverts and Arches, and upon the Approaches to such Culverts and Arches : and that in all Cases where any Causeway, Road, or Embankment shall be raised above the Level of the present Road, at any Place between Apperley Hill and Tirley Pitch aforesaid, the same shall, so far as the same can in any respect affect the Passage of the Water, be raised to the Satisfaction of Thomas Telford of Abingdon Street in the City of Westminster, Civil Engineer, or in case of his Death or declining to interfere therewith, then to the Satisfaction of Hugh Mac Intosh of Bloomsbury Square, Civil Engineer, which said Thomas Telford and Hugh Mac Intosh are respectively nominated and approved as Engineers on behalf of the Owners and Occupiers of Land lying contiguous to the Rivers Severn and Avon: And that all such Arches, Culverts, Openings, Floodgates, Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses, in or adjoining to the Causeways, Roads, or Embankments to be formed and erected under the powers of this Act, and in adjoining or leading to the Banks of the River Severn aforesaid, as by the said Thomas Telford or Hugh Mac Intosh shall be required as expedient and proper for ensuring the free Passage of the Waters by which the Lands on the Banks of the Rivers Severn and Avon are liable to be inundated, shall be made and formed by the said Trustees, to the entire Appobation of the said Thomas Telford or the said Hugh Mac Intosh as the Case may be; and all Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the making and forming such Works, and the maintaining and keeping the same in Repair, and also the Compensation to be paid to the said Thomas Telford and Hugh Mac Intosh respectively, for their Trouble therein, shall be wholly defrayed and paid by the said Trustees, and shall be deemed Part of the Costs and Charges of carrying this Act into Execution : Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize or empower the said Thomas Telford or Hugh Mac Intosh to prevent the said Trustees from raising any of the said Causeways, Roads, or Embankments, to the Level hereinbefore mentioned, in case they shall chuse so to do; nor shall the said Thomas Telford or Hugh Mac Intosh be empowered to cause any of the present Causeways or Embankments near or adjoining to the said River Severn, above the Place where the said Bridge shall be erected, to be removed.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time hereafter appear that such Measures and Precautions are ineffectual or insufficient, and that by means or in consequence of the damming up or obstructing of Floods by such Causeways, Roads, and Embankments, or any of them, the Waters for the whole Distance of One hundred Yards above such Causeways, Roads, and Embankments shall be raised and kept up to a Level of Four Inches higher than • the

V

4° GEORGII IV. i.

the Level of the Waters below such Causeways, Roads, and Embankments, or any of them, then and in every such Case, and when and so often as such Effect shall be proved to have been produced otherwise than by any sudden or unavoidable Cause, or by Means of the Removal of any ancient Causeways or Embankments above the said Bridge and Causeways hereby authorized to be made, the said Trustees shall and are hereby required, as soon as may be, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, to cause such additional Arches, Culverts, Openings, Flood-gates, Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses, to be erected, made, cut, formed, and maintained in and about the said Causeways, Roads, and Embankments, and in and about the Banks of the River Severn, as shall be fully sufficient to ensure the Passage of all such Waters and Floods, with as little Obstruction as possible, and to preserve the Level of the Waters above the said Causeways, Roads, and Embankments at any One Point within the Distance of One hundred Yards thereof, within Four Inches of the Level of the Waters, at any One Point within One hundred Yards below the same.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to contract and agree with any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the Purchase or Demise from him, her, or them of and to hold any Land or Ground for the Purpose of digging Stones, Gravel, and Materials therefrom, for the Repair or Use of the said Bridge and Roads, or any Embankments necessary for the same; and at any Time afterwards to sell the Land or Ground so purchased by public Auction or Tender: Provided always nevertheless, that the entering into any such Contract or Agreement as last aforesaid shall not be compulsory on any Person or Persons unwilling to enter into the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall take away any Materials which shall be dug, gotten, or gathered for the Use of the said Bridge and Roads as aforesaid, or shall raise or carry away any Materials out of or otherwise interfere with or obstruct the working of any Pit which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for any of the Purposes of this Act, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein, for the Space of Three Calendar Months (except the Owner or Occupier of the Land in which such Pit shall be made, as to Materials for his own private Use only, and not for or on Sale); every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and their Agents, Workmen and Servants, from Time to Time and at all Times at their Will and Pleasure to bring, place, lay, work, and use any Timber, Stone, Brick, Lime, or other Materials for building and erecting and for repairing or rebuilding the said Bridge, or to bring, place, or lay any Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for making, repairing, or amending the said Roads or either of them, or for executing any other of the Purposes of this Act, in, upon, through, and over any Common or Waste Grounds

within

Power to contract for Land to get Materials.

Penalty on taking away Materials raised by Surveyors.

Materials may be brought and worked on Waste Lands without Satisfaction, and on private Lands, with Satisfaction for Injury done.

28

Trustees may contract for building, &c. the Bridge and making the Roads.

Bridge and Roads vested in the Trustees.

For punishing Persons wilfully da-

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

within One hundred Yards of the said Bridge or Roads respectively without making any Recompence for so doing, and also in, upon, through and over any private Lands or Grounds within One hundred Yards of the said Bridge or Roads respectively, doing as little Damage as may be, and making Satisfaction for such Damage to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds; and that in case of Dispute about the Quantum of Damage and Satisfaction the same shall be settled by any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County wherein the Damage shall be done, and such Justices are hereby authorized and empowered to hear, settle, and determine the same accordingly.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall for that Purpose authorize or appoint, is and are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for building, making, repairing, raising, widening, or altering the said Bridge and Roads, or any or either of them, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees or the said Person or Persons so to be authorized or appointed as aforesaid shall think proper; and all Contracts in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order made at any Meeting of the said Trus* tees shall be binding on all Parties who shall sign the same, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators, and Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of and in the said Bridge and Roads, and of and in all Toll Houses, Gates and Bars, and all Posts, Rails and Fences to be erected, set up, and provided in or upon the said Bridge or Roads, or any of them under and by virtue of this Act, and of the Materials which shall be from Time to Time gotten or provided for erecting, building, making, maintaining, widening, raising, and repairing the same, and all other Materials, Articles, and Things which shall be purchased, collected, or provided for the Purposes of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby respectively vested in th.e said Trustees and their Successors; and they are hereby empowered and authorized to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, and to prefer and prosecute one or more Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, carry away, or damage the same or any of them or any Part thereof, or disturb them in the Possession thereof; and in such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively it shall be sufficient to state generally, that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or concerning which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment be preferred, is or are the Property of the Trustees for building a Bridge across the River Severn, at or near the Haw Passage in the County of Gloucester, and for making convenient Avenues thereto without particularly naming or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Trustees.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or maliciously pull down, destroy, or damage the said Bridge or any Part thereof, or any Toll House, or Gate, to be erected by virtue

of

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by and before whom any such Person shall be tried shall and have hereby Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Felony : Provided nevertheless, that no Person or Persons who is or are the Owner or Owners of any Ship, Vessel, or Craft navigating the said River Severn, nor any Person or Persons employed in the same shall be liable to any Action or Prosecution at Law for any Damage that may accidentally happen to the said Bridge by running against the same, unless it shall appear that such Damage was done wilfully and maliciously, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge shall not be adjudged or taken to be a County Bridge, or to subject the County of Gloucester to the repairing, amending, or supporting the same, any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to erect or cause to be erected a Toll Gate upon or near the said intended Bridge, and a Toll Gate or Toll Gates in, upon, or across such Part or Parts of the said Roads as they shall from Time to Time deem expedient and proper, and such and so many Toll Gates on the Sides of the said Roads as they shall deem necessary, and also shall and may provide a Toll House with suitable Buildings, a Garden and other Conveniences, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre, at or near each of the said Toll Gates.

LI. And in order to enable the said Trustees to carry this Act into Execution, be it enacted, That as soon as the said Bridge shall be made fit for the Passage of Carriages, Horses, Cattle, and Foot Passengers, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or the Collector to be appointed by them as aforesaid, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter to demand, collect, and receive, before any Person on Foot, or any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass over the said Bridge, such Tolls as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think proper, not exceeding the respective Sums following; that is to say,

For every Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Hearse, or other such like Carriage with Four Wheels, One Shilling j and for every Horse or other Beast drawing the same. Sixpence:

For every Chaise, Chair, or other such like Carriage with Two Wheels, Sixpence; and for every Horse or other Beast drawing the same, Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or Dray, or other such like Carriage with Four Wheels, One Shilling; and for every Horse or other Beast drawing the same, Sixpence:

\_Local.~\ H For

2$

maging the Bridge.

The Bridge not to be rated, and not to be deemed a County Bridge.

A Toll Gate to be erected on the Road.

Tolls at the Bridge.

30

Tolls at the Toll Gates on the Road.

Carriages and Cattle may pass and return over the Bridge on the sameDay for One Toll.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

For every Cart, Dray, or other such like Carriage with Two Wheels, Sixpence; and for every Horse or other Beast drawing the same. Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, Two-pence:

For every Score of Oxen, Cows or Neat Cattle, One Shilling and Eight-pence j and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: For every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, Ten-pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Foot Passenger, One Penny.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or the Collector to be appointed by them as aforesaid, to demand and take at the Toll Gate or Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act upon any other Part of the said Roads, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through any such last-mentioned Toll Gate, such Tolls as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think proper, not exceeding the respective Sums following : that is to say,

For every Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Hearse, or other such like Carriage with Four Wheels, Sixpence; and for every Horse or other Beast drawing the same, Three-pence:

For every Chaise, Chair, Gig, or other such like Carriage with Two Wheels, Three-pence; and for every Horse drawing the same. Three-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or Dray, or other such like Carriage with Four Wheels, Three-pence; and for every Horse or other Beast drawing the same, Sixpence:

For every Cart, Dray, or other such like Carriage with Two Wheels, Two-pence; and for every Horse or other Beast drawing the same, Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, Two-pence:

For every Score of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, One Shilling; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, Sixpence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Coach, Chariot, Hearse, Chaise, Chair, Waggon, Wain, Cart and other Carriages whatsoever, and the Horses and other Beasts drawing such Carriages respectively, and also all and every Horse, Mule, and Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, and also all Oxen, Cows, and Neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Sheep, and Lambs, for which the Tolls hereby granted shall have been paid at the said Bridge, shall be allowed to pass over the said Bridge, and return once on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock of the succeeding Night, without being chargeable with the Payment of more than One Toll at the said Bridge, the respective Persons atending such Carriages, Horses or other Beasts or Cattle as aforesaid, producing a Ticket denoting such Payment; which Ticket the Collector of the said Tolls at the said Bridge is hereby required

to

31

Foot Passengers to pay every Time of passing.

Toll to be paid only once a Day for travelling on the Road.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll j but that all Foot Passengers shall be subject and liable to the Payment of Toll for every Time they shall pass or return over the said Bridge.

LIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the several Tolls hereby granted and made payable for Horses, Beasts, and Cattle passing along or over the said Roads, hereby authorized to be made, shall be demandable only once a Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, for or in respect of the same Horses, Beasts, or Cattle, but that after such Tolls shall have been once paid, the Horses, Beasts, or Cattle, in respect of which such Toll shall have been paid, shall be allowed to pass and repass along the whole of the said Roads as often as there shall be Occasion during the same Day, the Person or Persons attending such Horses, Beasts, or Cattle, producing a Ticket denoting such Payment, which Ticket every Collector of the Tolls on the said Roads is hereby required to give gratis on receipt of the Toll.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Horses or Stage other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Coaches to Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for e ofpass Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, ing. and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike & or Toll Gate, shall be again chargeable with Toll for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat, and that the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Roads on the same Day, with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

To enforce Payment of Tolls.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, or any of them, to stop and prevent the Passage of any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Tolls or any of them, or of the Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage, or other Thing for or in respect whereof the said Tolls ought to be paid, or it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors to seize and detain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, or such Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage, or other Thing, together with their respective Bridles, Saddles, Gears, or Harness, (except the Bridle or Reins attached to any Horse or Beast), and in case the said Tolls shall not be fully paid and satisfied, together with all reasonable Costs and Charges of making, detaining, and keeping such Distress within the Space of Four Days, the said Collector or Collectors shall and may sell the same, rendering the Overplus, if any, on Demand, after deducting such Costs and Charges of making, detaining, keeping, and selling such Distress, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and Table of they are hereby required to put up or cause to be put up and after- Tolls to be wards to be continued at every Toll Gate on the said Roads, a Table

painted p

32

4- GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

painted in distinct and legible Black Letters on a Board with aWhite Ground, containing at the Top thereof the Name of the Gate at which the same shall be put up, and also a List of all the Tolls payable at every such Gate, distinguishing the several Tolls and the different Sorts of Carriages for which they are to be paid where there shall be any Variation therein, and also a List of the several Gates which shall be wholly or partially cleared by the Payment of Toll at the Toll Gate or Bar where such Table of Tolls shall be affixed, and the said Trustees shall also provide Tickets denoting the Payment of Toll, and on such several Tickets shall be named and specified the Name of the Gate at which the same respectively shall be delivered, and also the Names of the several Gates freed by such Payment, One of which Tickets shall be delivered gratis to the Person paying the Toll, and on the Production of such Ticket at any Gate or Gates therein mentioned as being cleared as aforesaid by the Payment of the Toll at the Gate where such Ticket was delivered, the Person producing the same shall pass through the Gate or Gates therein mentioned without paying any further or additional Toll.

For prevent-

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Collector ing Toll Col- being Lessee of the said Tolls, or appointed either by the said Trus-lectors from teeSj or by aily such Lessee or Lessees to collect the Tolls by this undue Tolls. Act granted, shall and he is hereby required to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters in the Front or some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate immediately on his coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and every such Collector shall place or cause to be placed on the Front of the Toll House or Toll Houses at which such Collector shall be stationed, the Board herein directed to.be provided by the Trustees, containing the usual Name of the Turnpike Gates where the Board shall be affixed, and also the List of the Tolls payable at such Gate and of the several Gates cleared by the Payment of Toll at the Gate where such Collector shall be stationed as aforesaid; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Boards respectively as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of this Act or of the Orders and Resolutions of the Trustees made in pursuance thereof, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Boards respectively, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall in Answer to such Demand give a false Name or Names, or upon the legal Toll being paid or tendered shall unnecessarily detain or wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Passenger or Passengers from passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or shall make use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Trustee, Treasurer,

Clerk,

33

4° GEORGII IV.

Clerk, Surveyor or other Officer, or any Passenger or Passengers, then and in every such Case, every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Dis- Disputes putes shall happen respecting the demanding or taking, or the concerning Payment of Toll, or about the Amount of Toll due, or the Charges of keeping or selling any Distress, such Dispute or Disputes shall justice, be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place in which the Cause of Dispute shall arise, who, upon application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter upon Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses,

(which Oath every such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), and shall determine the Amount of the Toll due, and other Matters in Dispute between the Parties, and may also award such Costs to be paid by either Party to the other, as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable; all which Costs, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so awarded or directed to pay the same by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, (which Warrant every such Justice is hereby empowered to issue), and the Overplus (if any) after Payment of such Costs, and the Costs of such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Toll Bar Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Keepers not Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the same, or any Adeemed other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the witnesses" said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed or interested under such Appointment, or being paid to collect the Tolls, or acting or being paid to act under the Authority of the said Trustees.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not Royal Fa-extend or be construed to extend to charge with Toll any Horses or mily Carriages attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family or re- empte turning therefrom.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll General Ex-whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage of whatsoever Description employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding any Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmasters General, either when employed in conveying such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the same, or for any Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriages attending them with their Arrps and Baggage, or returning after having been so employed, or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or [Local ] I other

34

Owners or

Drivers of Waggons employed in the Service of His Majesty's Forces not to be subject to Penalties for Overweight.

Post Horses having passed through any Gate may return Toll-free before Nine in the Morning of the following Day.

4‘ GEORGII IV.

other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or any Prisoner sent by any legal Warrant, or returning empty after having been so employed, or for any Volunteers upon their March or upon Duty, or in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for or belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; provided always, that such Persons be dressed in the Uniforms of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or other Carriage, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Gloucester, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or the Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted from the Whole or any Part of the several Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, not being entitled to the same, such Person or Persons for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of his Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, auy Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Horses travelling for Hire, under the Post Horse Duties Act, having passed through any Turnpike Gate on the said Bridge or Roads drawing any Carriage, in respect of which any Toll shall have been paid, on returning through the Turnpike Gale at which the Toll shall have been paid, and the other Gates (if any) cleared by such Payment, either without such Carriage or drawing such Carriage, the same being empty and without a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring, shall be permitted to repass Toll-free, although such Horses or Carriage shall not have passed

through

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. l 35

through such Turnpike Gate on the same Day, provided that such Horses so travelling shall return before Nine of the Clock of the Morning succeeding the Day on which they first passed the Turnpike Gate at which the Toll shall have been paid.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on shall ride, drive, go, or pass with any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, evading through or over any Gate, private Passage, Land, Ground, or Place lo,ls-lying by the Side of or near to any Part of the said Roads, (except the Owner* or Occupier of such Land or other Premises, or any of his, her, or their Family Servant or Servants), or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any Land, Ground, or Place situate as aforesaid, and the same not being a public Highway or Road to or from some Parish Church, Mill, Market Town, or Village, shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Person or Persons not being of his, her, or their Family or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, to go or pass with any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, through or over such Gate, private Passage, Land, Ground, or Place, in order or with Intent thereby to evade the Payment of the said Tolls or any of them, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to or receive from any other Person or Persons (except a Collector of the Tolls) any Note or Ticket of the Day by this Act directed to be given by the Collectors or Receivers of the said Tolls, or any Note or Writing purporting to be such for the Purpose of evading the said Tolls or any of them, or shall forcibly or fraudulently pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horse,

Carriage, Cattle, or Beast without Payment of Toll, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse, Beast, or Cattle from any Carriage, or after having passed through any Turnpike or Gate shall put on an additional Horse or Beast to any such Carriage, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to the said Roads any Horse,

Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, or shall unload or cause to be unladen any Goods, Merchandize, or other Things from or out of any Carriage, with Intent to evade Payment of any of the said Tolls, all and every such Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, over and besides such Damages or Punishment as he, she, or they shall be otherwise liable to by Law.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Bridge shall have been made passable and opened for Carriages, Horses, and Passengers, no Ferry shall be set up or used by any Person or Persons across the said River within the ancient Limits of the present Ferry called the Haw Passage; and if any Person or Persons (except the said Trustees or other Person or Persons acting under their Authority) shall use any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel in ferrying or conveying any Carriages or Cattle, or Person or Persons, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or other Things for Hire across the said River within the Distance aforesaid, not being the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Land on each Side of the said River where such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel shall be used, every Person or Persons

No Ferry to be used with, in a certain Distance of the Bridge.

SO

36

Ferry to be provided in ease the Bridge shall become impassable.

Power for Trustees to let the Tolls.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Bridge shall, at any Time after the same has been opened for public Use and Tolls taken for passing over the same, become impassable or unsafe for Travellers and Carriages, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby required, during all such Time as the said Bridge and Roads shall be impassable or unsafe as aforesaid, to provide a proper and convenient Ferry for the Passage of Carriages, Cattle, Horses, and Foot Passengers over the said River, as near to the said Bridge as conveniently may be; and it shall be lawful for the Collector of the Tolls to be appointed by virtue of this Act to demand, collect, and receive for the Passage of such Carriages, Cattle, Horses, and Foot Passengers over the said Ferry, before the same shall be permitted to pass, the like Tolls as shall for the Time being be payable for passing over the said Bridge.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, at a public Meeting, to let to farm the Tolls of the several Gates erected upon the said Bridge or Roads in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, (that is to say), the said Trustees shall cause Notice to be given of the Time and Place for letting the same, at least one Month before the Day to be appointed for that Purpose, by affixing the same upon every Toll Gate upon the said Bridge and Roads, and also by Insertion thereof in some public Newspapers circulated in the said County of Gloucester, and specifying in every such Notice the Sum which the said Tolls produced in the preceding Year, clear of the Salary for collecting the same in case any hired Collector was appointed, and that they will let such Tolls by Auction to the best Bidder on his producing sufficient Sureties for Payment of the Money monthly or otherwise, (as in such Notice shall be specified), and that they will be put up at the Sum which they were let for or produced in the preceding Year, clear of the Salary of the Collector, and to prevent Fraud or any undue Preference in the letting thereof, the said Trustees are hereby required to provide a Glass with as much Sand in it as will run from one end of it to the other in One Minute, which Glass, at the Time of letting such Tolls, shall be set upon a Table, and immediately after every bidding the Glass shall be turned, and as soon as the Sand is run out it shall be turned again, and so for Three Times, unless some other bidding intervenes, and if no other Person shall bid until the Sand shall have run through the Glass Three Times, the last Bidder shall be the Farmer or Renter of the said Tolls and shall forthwith enter into a proper Agreement for the taking thereof and paying the Money at the Times specified in such Notice, with such Surety or Sureties for Payment thereof and under such Conditions and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit, and if the Person being the last Bidder shall not forthwith enter into such Agreement, it shall and may be lawful to put up the said Tolls again immediately for another Bidder, and in like Manner to continue putting up the same until a Bidder shall be found who shall enter into such Agreement, and in case no Bidder shall offer,

or

4° GEORGII IV. CapA. W

or in case the same shall not be let at such Auction, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to accept a private Tender for the same and to demise or let to farm or agree to demise or let to farm all or any of such Tolls at any Sum not less than the Sum at or for which they shall have been last let, or the said Trustees may appoint a Collector of such Tolls or fix some future Day for the letting thereof as they shall judge most proper upon giving such Notice thereof as aforesaid, and shall and may in that case put them up at such Sum as they shall think fit; and if the Person or Persons who shall be the Farmer or Renter or Collector or Collectors of such Tolls shall take a greater or less Toll from any Person or Persons than what is authorized or directed by this Act, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and the said Agreement for renting the Tolls shall, if the said Trustees shall think fit to vacate the same, become and be null and void : Provided always, that at all such lettings the said Trustees shall be entitled to bid for the Tolls so to be let, either by themselves or their Clerk or Treasurer, or any other Person by them respectively authorized:

Provided also, that no such Tolls shall be demised or leased for any longer Term than Three Years at any One Time.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to said Trustees and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to lessen the lessen or reduce all or any of the Tolls by this Act granted, and for Tolls:

.such Time or Times as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and from Time to Time afterwards to advance any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced to any Amount not exceeding the respective Tolls granted by this Act; Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for Butnotwith-the said Trustees to lessen or reduce the said Tolls, or any of out Consent them, without the Consent of Four-fifths in Value of the Creditors of Four-fifths on the said Tolls respectively, and no Toll shall be lessened, re- Contributors duced, or advanced, unless at a Meeting of the said Trustees of and Credi-which Twenty-one Days Notice shall be given in the same Manner tors, as is herein-before directed relative to Notices of Meetings of the Trustees under this Act.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls and other Monies Application to arise by virtue of this Act shall be applied in the first Place to of the Tolls, defray the necessary Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act; in the second Place, to build the said Bridge, make the said Roads, erect the Toll Houses, and in other respects to carry this Act into Execution; and in the third Place, to pay and keep down the Interest on any Monies hereby authorized to be subscribed or borrowed, and in the Repayment thereof respectively.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who compelling have subscribed or shall subscribe for the advancing and paying of Payment of any Money towards carrying this Act into Execution shall and ate Subscnp-hereby required to pay the respective Sums so subscribed to the tion’ Treasurer to the said Trustees at such Time and Times and in such Parts and Proportions as the said Trustees shall order and direct, and if any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay the same as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to sue for arid f Local.~\ K recover.

38

Power of borrowing Money and to demise or mortgage the Tolls.

Form of Mortgage.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

recover the same in the Name of their Treasurer in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to borrow and take up at Interest on the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall from Time to Time think fit, and they may and are hereby empowered to demise or mortgage the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the same, (the Costs and Charges of such Mortgages to be paid out of such Tolls), as a Security to any Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money, which Mortgage shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ QY virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of ‘ His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled,

* \Here set forth the Title of this Act.'] We whose Hands and Seals are

‘ hereunto subscribed and set, being of the Trustees

‘ for executing the said Act in consideration of the Sum of

‘ to the Treasurer of the said Bridge and Roads, in

* Hand paid by do grant, bargain, sell, and demise unto

‘ the said Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

‘ such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and ‘ of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the same, as the ‘ said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole

Sum now due and owing, or hereafter to be advanced on the Credit

thereof, to be had and holden from this in the Year of our Lord the Continuance of this Act, unless the with Interest at the Rate of shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

num.

and Seals, this Lord

Day of*

Day of during said Sum of

per Centum, per An-Given under our Hands in the Year of our

&c.

Mortgages And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered and num-tobe entered bered progressively in a Book or Books to be kept and provided for m Books, that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit in and to the said Mortgages or Securities respectively, and the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever by Indorsement on the Back of such Mortgages and Securities, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘J A.B. do transfer this Mortgage with all my Right and Title ‘ to the Principal Monies thereby secured and all the Interest ‘ now due or hereafter to grow due upon or in respect thereof unto ‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Dated

‘ this Day of in the Year of our Lord

« Witness, C.D. A. B *

Which

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

Which said Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk, who shall cause an Entry and Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Number, Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more, which said Book or Books shall and may at all reasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made, but not till then, every such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner transfer the same again and so toties quofies; and it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons making such Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or any Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Persons who shall be possessed of or entitled to any such Mortgage or other Security as aforesaid shall, in proportion to the Sum or Sums thereby secured, respectively be Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted and on the said Turnpike and Toll Houses in equal degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing their Money or of the Dates of the Securities.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall at any Time be desirous of paying off any Portion of the Principal Monies due and owing on the said Bridge and Roads, it shall and may be lawful for them at any Meeting (Notice of such intended Meeting and of the Purpose thereof being first given at least Ten Days preceding the same by Advertisement in some Newspaper published in the said County of Gloucester), if they shall think fit, instead of paying the same rateably amongst all the Creditors, to determine by Lot to which of such Creditors the Whole or any Portion thereof shall be so paid, and to pay the same to such Creditor or Creditors only, or to any of the Creditors with the Consent of all the other Creditors.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Door or Gate of any Building, Yard, Park, Paddock, Field, or Inclosure whatsoever, shall be made to open into or towards any Part of the said Roads or the Footpaths belonging thereto, or be suffered or continued so to open, except the Hanging-post thereof shall be fixed or placed so far from the Centre of any such Part of the said Roads as that no Part of such Door or Gate shall, when open, project over any Part of the said Roads or any Footpath belonging thereto, and the Occupier or Occupiers of every such Building, Yard, Park, Paddock, Field, or Inclosure having any Door or Gate opening outwards, contrary to the meaning of this Act, shall within Fourteen Days after Notice to him, her, or them given, either personally or in writing from the Surveyor of the said Roads, cause such Door or Gate to be hung so that no Part of the Door or Gate when open shall project over any Part of the said Roads or any Footpath belonging thereto, and in Default thereof, the Surveyor of the said Roads is hereby authorized to cause the Door or Gate to be hung according to the Intention of this Act; and the Person or Persons guilty of such Neglect,

or

39

Memorial bf Transfer to be registered.

Paying Creditors by Lot.

Gates to open inward.

40

For removing and preventing Annoyances,

Hedges, &c. to be cut.

4° GEORG II IV. Cap A.

or Default, shall upon Complaint made to any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Liberty or Place where such Neglect shall happen, and upon Conviction upon the Oath of One credible Witness, pay to such Surveyor such Sum as the said Justice or Justices shall direct, to defray the Expence of making the Alteration and hanging such Doors or Gates, and shall also forfeit and pay a further Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings for his, her, or their Neglect therein, to be fixed by and at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor of the said Bridge or Roads and such Person as he or they shall appoint to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of such Bridge or Roads by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever being laid or thrown upon the said Bridge or Roads, or upon any open Common or Waste Land within Eighty Feet of the Centre thereof, and to dispose of the same for the Benefit of such Bridge and Roads, in case the Owner thereof shall neglect to remove the same within Twelve Hours after Notice in Writing, signed by any Two Trustees or their Surveyor, given to such Owner for that Purpose, or in case the Owner is not known, then after a like Notice affixed for Three Days on the nearest Turnpike Gate; and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of the said Bridge or Roads, or any Part thereof, to the Prejudice of the same, and to open, scour, and cleanse, any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining to the said Bridge or Roads and make the same as deep and large as he shall think proper and necessary, in case the Owners or Occupiers of the adjoining Lands shall neglect to open, scour, of cleanse such Watercourses or Ditches, after Seven Days Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, and the Charges thereof, and of removing any Annoyances to be settled by any One or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Gloucester, shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor by such Owners or Occupiers, and the same shall be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be recovered; and if, after the Removal of any of the same Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Kind, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Owners and Occupiers of the Land next adjoining to the said Roads shall cut, prune, and trim their Hedges to the Height of Six Feet from the Surface of the Ground; and also cut down, prune, or lop the Branches of Trees, Bushes, and Shrubs growing in or near such Hedges or other Fences adjacent thereto, (such Fences, Trees, Bushes, or Shrubs not being in any Garden, Orchard, Plantation, Walk, or Avenue to a House, nor any Tree, Bush, or Shrub, being an Ornament or Shelter to a House, unless the same shall hang over the Roads, or any Part thereof, in such a Manner as to impede or annoy any Carriage or Person travelling thereon), in such Manner that the said Roads shall not be prejudiced by the Shade thereof, and that the Sun and Wind may not be excluded from such Roads to the Damage thereof; and if

such

4° GEORGII IV. Qq,.\. 41

such Owner or Occupier shall not, within Ten Days after Notice given by the Surveyor for that Purpose, cut, prune, and trim such Hedges, or cut down, cut, prune, or trim such Branches of Trees, Bushes, and Shrubs in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyor, and he is hereby required to make Complaint thereof to some Justice of the Peace for the County of Gloucester•, who shall summon the Occupier of such Lands before him to answer the said Complaint; and if it shall appear to such Justice that such Occupier has not complied with the Requisites of this Act in that Behalf, it shall and maybe lawful for such Justice, upon hearing the Surveyor and Occupier of such Land, or his Agent (or in Default of his or her Appearance upon having due Proof of the Service of such Summons), and considering the Circumstances of the Case, to order such Hedges to be cut, trimmed, and pruned, and such Branches of Trees, Bushes, and Shrubs to be cut down, or pruned, or trimmed in such Manner as may best answer the Purposes aforesaid; and if the Occupier of such Lands shall not obey such Order within Ten Days after it shall have been made, and he or she shall have had due Notice thereof, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of Two Shillings for every Twenty-four Feet in Length of such Hedge which shall be so neglected to be cut, trimmed, and pruned, and the Sum of Two-pence for every Tree,

Bush, or Shrub which shall be so directed to be cut down, pruned, or trimmed, and the Surveyor, in case of such Default made by the Occupier, shall and he is hereby required to cut, prune, and trim such Hedges, and to cut down, prune, or trim such Branches of Trees,

Bushes, and Shrubs, in the Manner directed by such Order; and such Occupier shall be charged with and pay over and above the said Penalties the Charges and Expences of doing the same, or in Default thereof such Charges and Expences shall be levied, together with the said Forfeitures upon his or her Goods and Chattels by Warrant from a Justice of the Peace in such Manner as is authorized for Forfeitures ' incurred by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no Person or Persons shall be compelled, nor any Surveyor permitted by virtue of • this Act to cut or prune any Hedge at any other Time than between the last Day of September and the last Day of March.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Ass, Sheep, Surveyors to Swine or other Beast or Cattle of any kind shall at any Time be impound found wandering, straying, or lying about the said Roads, or by the Sides thereof, (except on such Parts thereof as lead or pass through tte RoadT or over any Inclosed, or Waste, or Uninclosed Ground), it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or any other Person or Persons whomsoever to seize and impound every such Horse, Ass, Sheep,

Swine or other Beast or Cattle in the common Pound of the Hundred, Parish, Township, Tything, or Place where the same shall be, or in such other Place as the said Trustees shall appoint, and the ' same there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof shall, for every and each Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle so impounded, pay the Sum of Five Shillings to the Person impounding the same, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the same; and in case the said Penalty,

Charges, and Expences shall not be paid within Four Days after such impounding, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees \_Local.~] Jj or

42

Punishing Persons guilty of Pound Breach.

Mile Stones and Direction Posts to be erected.

Penalty on damaging.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. l

or their Surveyor or Surveyors to sell or cause to be sold every such Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle; and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said Penalty and Charges, and Expences of impounding, keeping, and selling every such Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle, shall be paid to the Person whose Property the same so sold shall appear to have been.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, in case any Person or Persons shall release or attempt to release any Cow, Horse, Ass, Swine, or other Live Stock or Cattle which shall be seized for the Purpose of being impounded under the Authority of this Act, from the Pound or Place where the same shall be so impounded, or shall pull down, damage, or destroy the same Pound or Place, or any Part thereof, or any Lock or Bolt belonging thereto, or with which the same shall be fastened, or shall rescue or release, or attempt to rescue or release, any Distress or Levy which shall be made under the Authority of this Act, until or before such Cow, Horse, Ass, Swine, or other Live Stock or Cattle seized or so impounded, or such Distress or Levy so made shall be discharged by due Course of Law, every Person so offending shall, upon Conviction thereof before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, either upon Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or upon the Oath of One credible Witness, and which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer, be committed by such Justice by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Gloucester, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause Stones or Posts to be set up or placed in or near the Sides of the said Roads at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Distance of any and every such Stone or Post from any Town or Place, and also such Direction Posts at the several Roads leading out of the said Roads or any Crossings, Turning, or Termination thereof, with such Inscriptions thereon denoting to what Place or Places the said Roads respectively lead, of such Height or Size, and to be erected in such Situations as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and also to cause to be painted in legible Characters, on some Wall or Board at the Entrance of every Town or Village, the Name of such Town or Village; and shall also cause Stones to be put up marking the Boundaries of Parishes where such Boundaries shall cross any Turnpike Road, and from Time to Time to repair or renew such Stones, Posts, and Boards, and keep and continue legible the Inscriptions on such Stones, Posts, Walls, and Boards respectively; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, cut down, pull up, or damage any such Posts or Stones, or shall obliterate, deface, spoil, or destroy all or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed or painted thereon, and be thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, by the Confession of the Party or by the

4" GEORGII IV. i.

the Oath of One credible Witness, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride upon any Footpath or Causeway by the Side of the said Roads made and set apart for the Use or Accommodation of Foot Passengers, or shall lead or drive any Horse, Ass, Mule, Swine, or Cattle, or Carriage of any Description, or any Wheelbarrow, Truck, or Sledge, or any single Wheel of any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage apart therefrom, upon any such Footpath or Causeway, or shall cause any Injury or Damage to be done to the same, or the Hedges, Posts, Rails, or Fences thereof, or shall wilfully pull down or damage any Bridge, Wall, or other Building or Erection made by the said Trustees under the Authority of this Act or repaired or repairable by them, or shall haul or draw or cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said Bridge or Roads any Timber, Stone, or other Thing, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing which shall be carried principally or in part upon wheeled Carriages to drag or trail upon the said Bridge or Roads to the Prejudice thereof, or shall in or upon the said Roads or by the Side or Sides thereof or in any exposed Situation near thereto kill, slaughter, singe, scald, burn, dress, or cut up any Beast, Swine, Calf, Lamb, or other Cattle; or if any Person driving any Horse or other Beast on the said Bridge or Roads carrying any Iron Bar or Rod, Basket or Pannier, or any other Matter or Thing, shall place such Bar or Rod, Basket or Pannier, Matter or Thing, so that the same or any of them shall project more than Thirty Inches from the Side of such Horse or other Beast or so as in any Manner to obstruct or impede the Passage of any Person, or any Horse, Beast, or Carriage travelling along the said Bridge or Roads; or if any Hawker, Higgler, Gipsey, or other Person or Persons travelling with any Machine, Vehicle, Cart, or other Carriage with or without any Horse, Mule, or Ass, shall pitch any Tent, Booth, Stall, or Stand, or encamp upon or by the Sides of any Part of the said Bridge or Road; or if any Blacksmith or other Person occupying a Blacksmith’s Shop situate near the said Roads, and having a Window or Windows fronting the said Roads, shall not by good and close Shutters every Evening after it becomes Twilight bar and prevent the Light from such Shop shining into or upon the said Roads; or shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to or wantonly let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatever, within Eighty Feet of the Centre of the Roads y or bait or run for the Purpose of baiting any Bull; or play at Football, Tennis, Fives, Cricket, or any other Game or Games upon the said Roads or on the Side or Sides thereof or in any exposed Situation near thereto to the Annoyance of any Passengers; or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain, or Cart (except in case of Accident) upon the said Bridge or Roads or on the Side or Sides thereof without any proper Person in the sole Custody or Care thereof longer than may be necessary to load or unload the same, or shall not place the same during the Time of loading or unloading the same, or of taking Refreshment as near to one Side of the Road as conveniently may be, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draft harnessed or yoked

thereto,

43

Penalty on Persons

committing

Nuisances.

44 4° GEORGII IV. Cap A.

thereto; or shall lay any Timber, Stone, Hay, Straw,-Dung, Manure, Soil, Ashes, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatever upon the said Bridge or Roads or on the Side or Sides thereof or the Footpaths or Causeways adjoining, to the Prejudice of such Bridge, Roads, or Footways, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, Interruption, of personal Danger of any Person or Persons travelling thereon; or shall suffer any Water, Filth, Dirt, or other offensive Matter or Thing whatever to run or flow into or upon the said Roads or Footpaths from any House, Building, Erection, Lands, or Premises adjacent thereto; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Bridge or Roads shall suffer such Pigs or Swine to root up or damage the said Bridge or Roads, or the Fences, Hedges, Banks, or Copse on either Side thereof respectively; or if any Person shall after having blocked or stopped any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in going up a Hill or rising Ground, cause or suffer to be or remain on the said Road the Stone or other Thing with which such Cart or other Carriage shall have been blocked or stopped; or if any Person or Persons shall pull down, damage, injure, or destroy any Lamp or Lamp-post put up, erected or placed in or near the Side of the said Bridge, or Roads, or Toll-houses erected thereon; or shall extinguish the Light of any such Lamp; or if the Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage used for the carrying of Goods and Merchandize, shall ride on the Shafts or any other Part of such Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage, or on any of the Horses drawing the same upon the said Bridge or Roads without having some proper Person immediately on the Side of and attending to guide such Horses or Beasts of Draught thereof; and if any such Person meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his or her Carriage on the left or near-side of the said Bridge or Roads, or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his or her Care upon the said Bridge or Roads, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings over and above such Damages occasioned thereby.

Persons

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Road or Roads

liable tore- now in being shall be continued or made a Part of the said intended pairof Roads |toads or either of them, and in such case by virtue of this Act be-so. n mUe ^ome vested in the said Trustees, all Persons who are now by Law obliged to do Statute Work on or are in anywise chargeable with or towards the repairing or amending such Roads now in being, shall Stilt remain liable and chargeable, and do their respective Work on and repair and amend the said Roads now in being in such Manner as such Persons ought to have done before the passing of this Act and would have continued liable to do, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Statute La-

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law bour. are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable

towards the repairing and amending the said Roads, shall be and remain liable thereto in like Manner in every respect as they now are of

have

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. i. 45

have heretofore been; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices to Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Gloucester and yearly the they are hereby required and empowered upon Application made to statute La-them by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor of the said Roads yearly to hour and adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work Payment of shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places in or through which the said Roads do or shall lie, lead, or pass, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish,

Hamlet, or Place to bring in a List before the said Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which List of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such List, the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and on such Part of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Hamlets and Places respectively, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place Or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in Force or Effect for Repairs of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on any Part of the said Roads shall be found idle or negligent, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle and negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such [Loca/.] M Person

46 4* GEORGII IV. i.

Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

T rustees may compound for Statute Work.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by him, her, or them done on the said Roads, and also with the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the Parishes, Hamlets, or Places in which the said Roads do or shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute Work or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, Hamlet, or Place, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the Trustees in advance, on or before the Tenth Day of October in each and every Year, or otherwise such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, or Corporate, or Inhabitants and Occupiers within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, shall not be permitted to compound for that Year, and all such Composition Money shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and that every such Surveyor of the Highways who shall pay any such Composition Money shall be reimbursed the same in like Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by the Laws in being to be reimbursed the Money by them laid out and expended in buying Materials for the repairing of any other Highway or Highways.

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, &c.the same to be levied on the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Injuries, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any nature or kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices from the

Clerk

47

4° GEORGII IV. i.

Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned, on Demand, to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that the said Treasurer shall and may retain out of any Monies which may come into his Hands in pursuance of this Act all such Costs Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

LXXXV. And whereas the probable Expences of building the said Bridge and making the said Roads will, according to an Estimate thereof, amount to the Sum of Twenty-one thousand five hundred Pounds, and the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, being more than Four-fifth Parts of such Expences, has already been subscribed for defraying such Expences, by several Persons, under a Contract binding them, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators for Payment of the several Sums so subscribed by them respectively; be it therefore further enacted, That the whole of the said Sum of Twenty-one thousand five hundred Pounds shall be subscribed in like Manner before any of the Powers and Provisions given by this Act shall be put in Force.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Trustees shall not within Five Years from and after the passing of this Act complete the said Bridge and Roads, so as to make the same passable for Horses and Carriages, that then and from thenceforth all and singular the Powers and Authorities vested in them by this Act shall cease and determine to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying, recovering, and applying whereof is not herein otherwise directed) shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, (as the Case may require), either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the*Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is in every Case hereby fully authorized to administer), be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by

War-

The whole of the Estimate to besubscribed before proceeding with the Act.

The Bridge to be completed in Five Years.

Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

48

If Penalties, &c. cannot be levied, the Offenders to be committed for any Time not exceeding Six Months.

4° GEORGII IV.

Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant); and the Overplus (if any) after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his or their Appearance before such Justice, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Five Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Liberty, or Place where the Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the same shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

For securing

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Offenders lawful for any of the said Trustees, or their Collectors, Lessees, or Farmers of the Tolls, Surveyors or other Officers respectively, and such Person or Persons as they or any of them shall call to their Assistance, (and which all Bye-standers and other Persons on Demand are hereby required to give), without any Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize or detain any Person or Persons being unknown to such Trustees, Collectors, Lessees, Farmers, Surveyors, or other Officers, who shall commit any Offence or Offences against this Act, and take him, her, or them before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, or such Offender or Offenders shall be seized and apprehended, and such Justice and Justices shall and is and are hereby required to proceed and act with respect to such Offender or Offenders according to the Provisions of this Act.

Form of

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the

CmffCtd°n Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence ° en ers* against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form or to the like Effect; (that is to say),

Glou-

4-9

4° GEORGII IV.

Gloucestershire! WE it remembered, That on the

to wit. J Day of in the Year of the Reign of

« His present Majesty, A.B. is convicted before me, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester\ by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, [Here set forth the ‘ Title of the Act, and specify the Offence and the Time and Place when 4 and where the same was committed, as the Case may be.'] Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.’

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Persons ag-think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance grieved may of this Act, (except in such Cases where the final Determination is directed by this Act), and for which no particular Method of Relief gj^s.^ hath been hereby appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justice* of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Gloucester, within Six Calendar Months after such Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, the Person appealing first giving or causing to be given Thirty Days Notice in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof to the Collector of the Tolls hereby granted, and within Ten Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at the said Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Causes and Matters of every such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of the said Justices in their said Quarter Sessions shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XCI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order, Proceedings Verdict, Judgment, or other Proceedings made touching or con- not *}ef-cerning any Matter aforesaid, or touching the Conviction of any ^ant of 01 Offender against this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form. Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case : Provided that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, if sufficient Tender f Local.] N of

50

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Continuance of the Act.

[Public Act.]

4° GEORGII IV. CapA.

of Amends had been made to him, her, or them, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the County where the cause of Action shall have arisen and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases at Law.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and so far as relates to the making, maintaining and repairing of the Turnpike Roads shall continue in Force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

w

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS

#*Mb

Cap. ii.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near to the Mythe Hill, within the Parish and near to the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, to the opposite Side of the said River, in the Parish of Bushley in the County of Worcester; and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate with such Bridge, within the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester.

[24th March 1823.]

WHEREAS it would be of great public Utility, as well as of infinite Benefit and Advantage to the Town of Tewkesbury, and the adjacent Parishes, Villages, and Places, if a Bridge were erected over the River Severn, at or near to a Place called the Mythe Hill, in the Parish and near to the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester* to the opposite Side of the said River, in the Parish of Bushley in the County of Worcester; and if convenient Roads and Avenues were made to communicate therewith from the End of the present Road leading from Ledbury and passing through the Parish of Eastnor in the County of Hereford, at or near to a certain Place called the Holly Bush, in the Parish of Castlemorton in the County of Worcester, to pass through or into the several Parishes or Places of the Berrow, Birtsmorton, Castlemorton, Longdon, Pendock, and Bushley, or some of them, in the County of Worcester, and through or into the Parish of Forthampton in the County [Local.~] 0 of

54

3 G.4. c. 126.

Hecited Act extended to this Act.

Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

of Gloucester; and also from the present Road leading from a certain Ferry called the Lower Lode, in the Parish of Forthampton in the County of Gloucester, commencing at or near to the Church in the Parish of Forth* ampton in the County of Gloucester aforesaid, and to pass from thence until it joins the first-mentioned Road in the Parish of Bushley in the County of Worcester; and also from the present Road leading from Tewkesbury to Worcester, at or near to the Place where the present Turnpike Gate at the Mythe now stands, and to pass from thence to the Foot of the intended new Bridge within the said Parish of Tewkesbury: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain and Ireland called England : And whereas the beneficial Purposes before mentioned cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Roads hereby directed to be made and improved shall be deemed and taken to be Turnpike Roads within the Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act; and all and every Clause and Provision, Power, Regulation, Direction, and Restriction contained in the said recited Act, shall (except where the same is or are hereby expressly varied, altered or repealed) extend to and be in full Force and Effect with regard to the Roads hereby directed to be made and improved.

II. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the* Peace for the Time being acting for the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester respectively, together with Richard Alcock, Mark Alley, Jacob Allis, Hagger Allis, Thomas Allis, Thomas Andrews, Charles Archer, Richard Archer (Stow), John Ashley (Clerk), George Banaster, Charles Banaster, John Berkeley, Francis Badham, John Barber, William Barnard, Samuel Barnes, John Maccapen Barnes, John Kidderminster Barnes, William Barnes, Edward Barnes, Ifilliajn Barnett, Job Walker Baugh (Clerk), Robert Bay Us, James Bennett, John Biddulph, Richard Biddulph, Thomas B lizard, Thomas Bloxham, William Bought on (Clerk), John Bought on, Joseph Bought on, Henry Boulter (Clerk), James Boulter, Thomas Boulton, Thomas Brookes, Edward Brown, Humphrey Brown, Edward Humphrey Browne, Thomas Browne, Michael Bryant, Edward Brydges, Edward Brydges the younger, Richard Buckle, William Buckle, Ambrose Brotheridge, John Bullock, John Burgess, Thomas Caddick, William Caldwell, Edward Cawson, William Cawson, E J Chamberlayne, Charles Edward Chandler, Nathaniel Chandler,

Samuel William Chandler, John Dobbins Clifton, Sir Christopher Bethel Codrington Baronet, William John Codrington, the Honourable John Codrington. Sir John Geers Cotterell Baronet, Charles John Cooke, Richard Coulston, the Honourable Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven, the Honourable Richard Keppel Craven, Charles Crew (Clerk), Francis Cross, George Dan-gerfed, Richard Darke (Clerk), Daniel Darke, Francis Darke, R T Davis Doctor in Divinity, the Right Honourable William Coventry commonly called Viscount Deerhurst, William Dillon, Benjamin Dobbins, William Dobbins, John Dolphin (Clerk), Vernon Dolphin, William Dowdeswell, Edward Christopher Dowdeswell Doctor in Divinity, John Edmund Dowdeswell, George Dowdeswell, William Dowdeswell the younger, John Dowdes-

8 JJoell,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

welly Edward Drinkwater, James Dudfeld, George Dumble, George Dumble the younger, Charles Dunn (Clerk), Nathaniel Dyer, Thomas East hope, Thomas Easthope the younger, John Easthope, the Right Honourable John Somers Cocks commonly called Viscount Eastnor, John Eddy (Clerk), Joseph Firkins, George Foxton (Clerk), William Freeman, Thomas Eulljames, Josiah Gist, Samuel Gist Gist, Philip Gods all, James Gorle, Robert Groves, Sir Berkeley William Guise Baronet, William Hale, George Hammerton, Hampton Hampton, Charles Edward Hanford, Hardy, James

Hart, (C’.astlemoreton), Nathaniel Hartland, John Allis Hartland, Nathaniel Hartland the younger, Samuel Healing, Samuel Higgins, Joseph Higgins (Clerk), William Higgins (Chacely), John Higgins (Longdon), Joseph Higginson, John Hill, Robert Holland, John Hurd (Clerk), Thomas Humpidge, Joseph Hignell, Thomas Hignell, Thomas James, Leigh James, John Jelf, John Jenkins, Samuel Jew, John Jeynes, Richard Ingleman, John Insally John Johnstone (Mainstone), Nicholas Jackson, Edmund Warden Jones, Elias Isaac, John Kedwards, John Keysell (Clerk), Charles Woodcock Keysell (Clerk), Thomas Knight, George Knight, William Lane (Ripple), William Leaver, Sir AnthonyLechmere Baronet, Edmund Hungerford Lechmere, Thomas Dawson Lewis, Omwell John Lloyd, Edmund Lloyd, Joseph Longmore, John Lord, Joseph Lord, William Lord, Richard Lord, Alexander Luders (ClerkCharles Malvern, William Marks, John Martin, James Thomas Martin, Joseph Martin, William Martin, Joseph Martin (Clerk), Charles Martin (Severn Stoke), John William Marlin, Charles Herbert Martin (Clerk), Thomas Martin, William George Maxwell (Clerk), Joseph Merrell, Thomas Merrett, Leonard Middleton (Clerk), John Moore, William Moore, John Cox Morris, James Motley, William Mumford, William Mumford the younger, Edwin Mutlow, Thomas Nash Doctor in Divinity, John Wake-man Newport, John New, Richard New, John Pitt Nind, Philip Nind, Benjamin Oakden, James Sutton Ollive, Thomas Orme, Thomas Osborne, Peter Osborne, Thomas Packer, John Packer, George Pennell, Joseph Pensom, James Petley, William Phelps, William Law Phelps, Frederick Phelps, Pickering, Edward Pittaway, Thomas Pope, John Pope,

Charles Porter, Thomas Chinnall Porter, Benjamin Porter, George Prior, William Prior, Charles Prior, William Phelps Prior, Frederick James Prior, Charles Prior the younger, John Pritchard, Edmund Probyn Clerk, John Probyn (Clerk), Michael Procter, William Procter, Thomas Procter, Richard Procter, Plumbtree (Clerk), William Prosser (Clerk), William Rayer,

John Rayer, William Rayer the younger, Richard Rayer, John Rayer the younger, Thomas Rayer, Edward Reddell, Thomas Rawson, William Ricketts (Bredon), William Ricketts (Tewkesbury), Samuel Ricketts, Richard Rickford, Edward Robinson, David Ricardo, Ormand Ricardo, John Sadds, Henry Salmon, Thomas Jelf Sandilands, Daniel Ellis Saunders, Lewis Goodin Senior, Barnard Martin Senior, James Gate Senior, George Senior, Joseph Shapland (Clerk), Thomas Skipp, Charles Seale, William Smith (Ford), John Smithy Ford), Henry Smith, Robert Smith (Didcote), T. Spencer, Robert Spencer, James Spilsbury, John Spurrier, John Stephens, EdwardGresley Stone, George Talbott, John Taylor (Strensham), Giles Taylor, John Terrett, John Thackwell, William Thackwell, Thackwell

Colonel in His Majesty's Service, John Thomas, William Thomas, Charles Tidmarsh, Henry Frederick Tidmarsh, John Timbrell Doctor in Divinity, Robert Lawrence Townsend Doctor in Divinity, Charles Hanbury Tracey, William Trinder, Daniel Trinder, Samuel Esthope Turner, William Tyler (Teddington), Thomas Vernon, William Wakeman, William Wall, Frederick

, John

56 4" GEORGII IV. CapM

John Wall (Clerk), George Watson, Edward Webb, Thomas Webb, Thomas Webb the younger, William Welch (Hawford), Edmund Wells, James West-cott, John White, William White, Richard White, Thomas Philips White, Thomas Whithorn, Henry Rear Whithorn, William Whitcombe, B Whitmore, Lindsey Winterbotham, Rayner Winterbotham, John Wintle, William Woodward, Thomas Bartholomew Woodman (Clerk), Henry Woodcock Doctor in Divinity, Reginald Winniatt (Clerk), Thomas Winniatt, Joseph York, and Robert Young, and their Successors, to be elected in manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution.

For appoint-

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ing additional Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Meeting Trustees. to he]d for ,^at Purpose, of which Meeting, and the Purpose thereof. Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in manner herein-after directed respecting Meetings for the Appointment of Trustees on Vacancies, to elect and appoint any Number of Persons not exceeding Five in the Whole, to be Trustees for executing this Act and the said recited Act, in addition "to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees so elected and appointed, and being duly qualified, shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act and the said recited Act, as if they had been herein named.

For appoint-

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any of the ing Trustees Trustees (other than and except Justices of the Peace for the Time being, on Vacancies. acting for the Counties of Gloucester or Worcester) appointed in or by virtue of this Act, shall die, or become bankrupt or insolvent, or become disqualified or incapable to act, or by Writing under their Hands shall refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees to elect and appoint one other fit Person to be a Trustee in the Room of every Trustee dying, becoming disqualified, incapacitated, or refusing to act as aforesaid; provided that public Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting of the said Trustees for every such Election be given by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by affixing the same in Writing or Print upon all the Toll Gates, Posts, Bars, or Turnpikes, which shall be then erected by virtue of this Act, and by inserting such Notice in One or more of the Newspapers circulated in the said Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, Fourteen Days at least before every such Meeting; and every Person so nominated and appointed as aforesaid (being qualified as by this Act is directed), shall have the same Power and Authority to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to act, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been herein named and appointed.

Qualification. V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the actual Possession of, or in the Receipt of Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person possessed of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds above Reprizes; nor unless he shall, before he shall act as such Trustee, take

and

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii. 57

and subscribe an Oath or Affirmation before any Two or more of the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by or in pursuance of this Act,

(who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same), in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ j do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers,

‘ do solemnly affirm], That I am truly and bond jide in my own Right ‘ [or, in the Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment of [or, in the Receipt of Rents and Profits issuing out of] Freehold ‘ or Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly ‘ Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, [or, am Heir Apparent ‘ of , who to the best of my Knowledge is seised of Free-

‘ hold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear ‘ Yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, above Reprizes, as the Case may ‘ be], and that I will faithfully and impartially, and without Favour or ‘ Affection, discharge the several Trusts reposed in me by this Act and ‘ the said recited Act. So help me GOD.

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words ‘ So help me GOD/]

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person ap- Trustees not pointed or to be appointed a Trustee in or by virtue of this Act shall be to act when capable of acting as such in the Execution of this Act, or the said recited interested. Act, in any Case where he shall be personally interested (except as here-in-after provided), or during the Time he shall keep a Victualling House or other House of public Entertainment, or shall sell Wine, Cyder, Beer,

Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, or shall be a Lessee or Farmer of the Tolls granted by this Act, or of any Part or Parts thereof; and if any Person not being qualified as aforesaid, or being disqualified by any of the Causes aforesaid, shall nevertheless act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign,

Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified, and not disqualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person had acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act: Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, which shall be done or performed by any such unqualified or disqualified Person, previously to his being convicted of any of the Offences before mentioned, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been duly qualified : Provided always, that no Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon Credit of the Tolls, or receiving Interest thereon for the same, shall, on that Account only, be deemed disqualified to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act j and such of the Trustees appointed or to be appointed under this Act, as are or may be in the Commission of the Peace, may act as such Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act, within their respective Jurisdictions, notwith-[Local.] P standing

58 4° GEORGII IV. ii.

standing their being such Trustees, except in such Cases only wherein they shall be personally interested, otherwise than as a Trustee, Mortgagee, Assignee, Lender of Money, or Holder of any Security on the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act.

Trustees not

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Trustee appointed or to be

to hold Places appointed by virtue of this Act shall enjoy any Office or Place of Profit,

of Profit, &c. or jjave j^y share or Interest in, or be in any Manner directly or indirectly concerned in any Contract or Bargain for the building, making, or repairing of, or in any way relating to, the Bridge or Roads by this Act intended to be erected, made, or improved, or for the building or repairing of any Toll-House, Toll Gate, Toll Bar, or Weighing Engine, to be erected or placed thereon, or for the supplying any Materials for the Use of the same; nor shall any such Trustee let out for Hire or Gain any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Horse, Cattle, or Team, for the Use of such Bridge or Roads, nor by himself, or by any other Person for or on his Account, directly or indirectly, receive any Sum or Sums of Money to his Use or Benefit, out of the Tolls to be collected under or by virtue of this Act, during the Time he shall be acting as Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act; and if any Person after being appointed or elected a Trustee, and not having first duly resigned such Office at some Meeting of the Trustees to be held by virtue of this Act, shall hold any such Office or Place, or be concerned in any such Contract or Bargain, or shall sell any such Tools or Implements, or let out for Hire any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Team, or receive any Money out of the Tolls as aforesaid; every Trustee so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same; and shall, from and after the Conviction of any such Offence, be incapable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act; and all Acts, Orders, Matters, and Things made or done by such Trustee, after such Conviction, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and all and every such Contract and Bargain shall be and the same is hereby declared to be void : Provided always, that all Acts, Orders, Matters, and Things, made or done by any such Trustee previously to his being convicted of such Offence, shall be good, valid, and effectual : Provided also, that nothing in this Act or the said recited Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to any Trustee who shall receive any Money paid out of the Tolls by this Act directed to be raised, as or by way of Purchase Money, Damage, Rent, Recompence, or Satisfaction agreed upon or awarded to such Trustee for any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased or taken for the Purpose of making, diverting, or altering, or for the Use of the Bridge or Roads hereby authorized to be erected, made, or improved, or for a Repository for Materials to be used thereon, or for any Damage done to any inclosed or private Ground of any such Trustee, in taking Materials therefrom, or in carrying or conveying them over the same, or to prevent any such Trustee from selling or disposing of or for the Use of such Bridge or Roads any Materials or any Timber grown or growing on the Land or Ground of such Trustee.

Meetings of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at

the Trustees. the Swan-Inn in the Borough of Tewkesbury, or at such other Inn or

Place

59

4" GEORGII IV. Cap.'ix.

Place within the said Borough of Tewkesbury as they may think fit, on (he Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between Nipe and Twelve of the Clock in the forenoon, and shall then proceed to carry this Act and the said recited Act into Execution; and incase none or a less Number than Three of the said Trustees shall attend such Meeting, then such Meeting shall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the next Day, and so toties quoties, until a sufficient Number of the said Trustees shall attend at such Meeting, to act in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act; and the said Trustees shall or may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purposes of carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be held at the same Place, or at such other Place within the said Borough of Tewkesbury, and at such Time, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct; provided that no Adjournment shall be made for a longer Time than Three Calendar Months; and if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or appearing, shall not adjourn such Meeting, the Clerk to the said Trustees shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day, within Fifteen Days then next following, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on every Toll Gate then erected by virtue of this Act at least Ten Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned : Provided always, that no Business shall be done or proceeded upon by the said Trustees at any Meeting, except the First Meeting to be held under this Act, before Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon; nor shall any Meeting be appointed to be held at any later Hour than Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Meeting may be appointed to be holden; and at all their several Meetings the said Trustees shall pay and defray all their own Expences, except any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings a Day for the Use of the Room wherein they shall meet for the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Act; and all Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act shall be made at a Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance hereof, and not otherwise (except in Cases hereby otherwise provided for); and no Order or Determination shall be made unless the major Part of the Trustees present at the respective Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act shall concur therein; and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relating to the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, which are hereby directed to be had, made, done, or exercised by or before the said Trustees, and all the Powers and Authorities hereby or by the said recited Act in them vested generally, shall and may be had, made, done, and exercised by the major Part of the Trustees who shall be present at the respective Meetings to be held by virtue of this Act, the whole Number of Trustees present at every such Meeting not being less than Three, (except in Cases where any other Number is by this Act named for any particular or special Purpose); and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings had, made, or done by or before such Three Trustees, shall have the same Force and Effect, and be binding and conclusive on all Persons, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if the same were had, made, done, or executed by or before all the said Trustees; and at every Meeting of

60

Meetings on Emergencies.

General Annual Meetings to be held.

If a sufficient Number of Trustees do not attend, another Meeting shall be appointed.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. il

the said Trustees a Chairman shall in the first place be appointed, who, in case of an equal Number of Votes (including such Chairman’s Vote) shall have the casting or decisive Vote; and no Order or Determination at any Meeting of the said Trustees, once made, agreed upon, or entered into, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Notice of the Intention to make such Revocation or Alteration shall have been given at a previous Meeting, holden pursuant to this Act, and shall have been entered in the Book of Proceedings of such Meeting, and unless such Notice, signed by any Two or more Trustees, shall also have been affixed on all the Turnpike Gates erected in pursuance, of this Act, Twenty-one Days at least before such Meeting, nor unless such Revocation or Alteration shall be agreed to be made by Five Trustees at the least.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall on any Emergency be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day to which such Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees, or for the Clerk to the said Trustees, by an Order in Writing, signed by Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, to give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, in which Notice shall be expressed the Time, Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, such Time not being less than Fourteen Days after the Publication of such Notice; and all Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees at such Meeting shall be as valid as if the same had been made and done at any other Meeting of the Trustees held by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no other Business than that which shall be specified in such Notice shall be transacted at any such Meeting; and such Meeting shall and may be adjourned to and be held at such Time and Place as any other Meeting under this Act is authorized to be adjourned to or held at.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to hold a General Meeting, for the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Act, on a Day to be by them or any Three or more of them appointed, in the Months of April, September, or October in every Year after the Completion of such Bridge and Roads, of which Meeting Twenty-one Days Notice shall be given, by inserting the same in some Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, which said Meeting shall be called or known as (e The General Annual Meeting of the Trustees and at such Meeting the Trustees assembled shall elect a Chairman for the Purposes thereof, and shall also audit their Accounts, and report the State of the Bridge and Roads hereby authorized to be erected, made, and improved.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where a sufficient Number of the said Trustees shall not meet on the Day herein-before appointed for their First Meeting, or shall not meet on the Day appointed by any Adjournment for their Meeting, or tor Want of a proper Adjournment, by which Means, or by some or one of them, the Intent of this Act may be frustrated, in all or either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for so many of the said Trustees as shall meet, or the major Part of them,

or

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii. 61

or in case no Trustee shall be present, for the Clerk to the said Trustees to cause Notice to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Bars or Chains, which shall be then erected by virtue of this Act, and also in some of the public Newspapers circulated in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, at least Ten Days before the intended Meeting, appointing such Trustees to meet at the Place where the preceding Meeting was appointed to be held, or at the Place directed for the First Meeting of the said Trustees, if no such preceding Meeting shall have been held; and the said Trustees, when met in pursuance of such Notice, shall and may and they are hereby required to proceed to and carry this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, in the same and in as ample and full a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might or could have done if no such Neglect had happened.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of Books of the Trustees, together with the Names of the Trustees present at every rocee U1g9' Meeting, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk

to the said Trustees for that Purpose, and be signed by the Chairman of the Meeting or Meetings at which such Orders or Proceedings shall be from Time to Time made or had; and such Book or Books shall be open at all seasonable Times to the Inspection of any of the Trustees, without Fee or Reward; and such Orders and Proceedings, so entered and signed by the Chairman of such Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings; which said Book or Books, as well as the Book or Books in which the Oath or Affirmation directed to be taken by the said Trustees shall be entered, and also the Book or Books herein-after directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Assignments, and all Entries in such Books respectively, shall and may be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cases of Appeal, Prosecutions, and Actions whatsoever, touching or concerning any thing done in pursuance of this Act or of the said recited Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they Books of are hereby required from Time to Time to order and direct a Book or Accounts. Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended for or on account of all the Purposes of this Act, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid; and such Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor on the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of them, shall or may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and the said Book or Books shall be produced by the said Clerk at all Meetings of the said Trustees j and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit or shall not permit any of the said Trustees, or any such Creditor, to inspect any such Book or Books, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, or in case such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to produce such Book or Books at any Meeting of the said Trustees, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied [Local.~\ Q and

62

Appointing

Officers.

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

and applied in the same Manner as other Penalties are hereby directed to be levied and applied.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered to appoint such Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, by this Act authorized to be collected, and Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Bridge and Roads, and such other Officers as the said Trustees shall think necessary, and such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors and other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove; and on the Removal, Death, or Resignation of any such Collector, Clerk, Treasurer, Surveyor, or other Officer, to appoint others in their Stead; and the said Trustees may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay to the several Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be employed in or about the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Services as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable; and all such Officers and Persons shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act and of the said recited Act, and of all Monies which they and every of them respectively shall have received to that Time by virtue of this Act and of the said recited Act, and shall shew how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with proper Vouchers of all Monies which they shall respectively, to the Time of rendering such Accounts, have received, paid, or disbursed by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, or for or on account or by reason of their respective Offices, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall in Writing under their Hands authorize and empower to receive the same, and not otherwise; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Account, or to produce and deliver up such Vouchers, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Money due on such Account in manner aforesaid; or if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Fourteen Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, all Books, Papers, Writings, Tools, Implements, Instruments, Matters, and Things in his Hands, Custody, or Power relating to the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, or which lie shall have disposed of without the Consent and Approbation of the said Trustees; then and in every or any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, or Place wherein such Officer or Person so refusing or neglecting shall be or reside, upon Complaint made to him for that Purpose, by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, to make Inquiry of and concerning any such Default as aforesaid in a summary Way, and every such Justice is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause any such Officer or Person to be brought before him, and upon his, her, or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account if produced; and if upon Confession

of'

63

4‘ GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

of the Officer or Person against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath (or in the Case of One of the People called Quakers, by the Affirmation) of any Witness, or upon Inspection of the said Accounts, if produced, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be due from and unpaid by such Officer or Person, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money as shall appear to him to be so due and unpaid to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person respectively, rendering to him the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after Payment of the Money remaining due, and deducting the Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of distraining and selling the same, or if any such Officer or Person shall not appear before the said Justice (unless for some sufficient Excuse to be allowed by the said Justice) at the Time and Place by such Justice appointed for that Purpose; or if appearing, shall refuse or neglect to give up to the said Trustees such Accounts, or to deliver up all Books, Papers, Writings, Vouchers, Receipts, Tools, Implements, Matters, and Things in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of his Office, or of this Act or the said recited Act; then and in any of the Cases aforesaid such Justice shall and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Person to the House of Correction or Common Gaol of the County, City, Borough, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall make and give a true and perfect Account, and shall produce and deliver up all Vouchers relating thereto, and shall have paid tha Money (if any) due and owing by him as aforesaid, according to the Direction of the said Trustees, or shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees for such Money, and paid such Composition according to their Direction (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), or until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, Tools, Implements, Instruments, Matters, and Things as aforesaid, or have given or made Satisfaction to the said Trustees concerning the same; but no such Officer or Person who shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress only, shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who shall be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, or the Partner of or Clerk to or Person employed or retained by any such Clerk to be or to hold the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act, or to appoint the Person who shall be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of or Clerk to or Person employed or retained by any such Treasurer, to be the Treasurer and Clerk to the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act, or if any Person being the Partner of or Clerk to or Person employed or retained by any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of or Clerk to or Person employed or retained by any such Treasurer, shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, every Person

Offices of Clerk and Treasurer not to be held by the same Person.

64

Treasurer to give Security.

Trustees may appoint temporary Officers.

Trustees may sue and be sued.

Auditing

Accounts.

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

son so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, or other Officers or Persons to be appointed by them for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act, for the due and faithful Execution of their respective Offices, before any such Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, or other Officer shall enter upon his Office.

. .; : J. 4 ♦ . ' Jfijm ♦. r- - ' tfrr'

XVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Neglect, Refusal, Incapacity, Absconding, Absence, or any other Disqualification of any Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, or other Officer appointed by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at any Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, by Writing under their respective Hands, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, or other Officer, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, or other Officer as shall so die, neglect, refuse, become incapable, abscond, absent himself, or become otherwise disqualified; which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects as the Person in whose Place or Stead he or she shall be so appointed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and

be sued in the Name of any one of such Trustees, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being j and no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, in the Name of any one of such Trustees, or of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Trustee, Clerk, or Treasurer, or by the Act of any such Trustee, Clerk, or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, but that any one of such Trustees, or the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees, shall always be deemed to be the Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be) in every such Action or Suit: Provided always, that every such Trustee, Clerk, or Treasurer, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended as aforesaid, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with or liable to by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid: Provided always, that such Trustee, Clerk, or Treasurer shall not, on account of being so made Plaintiff or Defendant, be deemed an inadmissible Witness in any such Action, Suit, or Proceeding. - - • - i - i

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required, at their General Annual Meeting in each Year, to

? io examine

65

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

examine into, audit, and settle the respective Accounts of the Treasurers, Clerks, Surveyors, and other Officers or Persons appointed by them, and to require such Treasurers, Clerks, Surveyors, and other Officers or Persons, to produce their respective Books, Accounts, Papers, and Vouchers, and to examine into the Revenues and Debts, distinguishing Bond from Simple Contract Debts, of the Bridge and Roads hereby authorized to be erected, made, and improved; and when the Accounts of the said Treasurer, Clerk, and Surveyor shall be settled and allowed by the Trustees present at such Meeting, the same shall be signed by the Chairman of such Meeting; and if any Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor or other Officer or Person as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to produce his Accounts, or any Book, Paper, or Voucher required to be produced by him, such Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer or Person, shall be dealt with according to the Provisions herein-before contained, with regard to Officers refusing to account or deliver up Books or Papers, or pay over Money in their Hands; and when and as soon as the said Accounts of the Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer or Person shall be audited, allowed, and signed, the Clerk to the said Trustees shall forthwith make out a Statement of the Debts, Revenues, and Expenditure, received or incurred on account of the Trusts of this Act, in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in such other Form as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct, which said Statement shall be submitted to the Trustees assembled at such Meeting, and when approved of by the Majority of them, shall be signed by the Chairman of the said Meeting; and the said Statement being so approved of and signed, the said Clerk shall within Thirty Days thereafter transmit the same to the Clerks of the Peace of the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester j and if the Clerk to the said Trustees shall refuse or neglect to make out such Statement as aforesaid, or to transmit the same within the Time hereinbefore mentioned, such Clerk so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered as herein-after directed with respect to other Penalties.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, immediately after such Accounts and Statements have been examined, audited, and signed, cause a sufficient Number of Copies of such Statements to be printed, and direct their Clerk to transmit one Copy thereof to each acting 1 rustee, who shall have acted, at Three public Meetings in that Year, in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, to design, erect, and build, or cause to be designed, erected, and built, and to maintain and keep in repair, with Stone, Iron, or other Materials, a good and substantial Bridge across the River Severn, from the South-west Part of the Mythe Hill, or near or adjoining thereto, within the Parish and near to the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, to the opposite Side or Shore of the said River in the Parish of Bushley in the County of Worcester, with a proper Approach to such Bridge at each End thereof for the Passage of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages, and of such Form, Construction, and Dimensions as to the said Trustees shall seem most advantageous and convenient, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained j and for that

[Local.J R Purpose

Statements to be printed, &c.

Power to build a Bridge.

66 4° GEORGII IV. Cap.n.

Purpose to deepen and widen the said River, and to cut the Banks thereof, and to dig up and remove any Shelves, Shoals, Gravel, Sand, Mud, Earth, or other Impediments or Obstructions in the said River; and also to set out and make any new Road or Roads, and to vary, alter, divert, widen, and improve any present Roads or Highways, so as to open a Communication with the said Bridge, and to facilitate the Access thereto, from the End of the present Road leading from Ledbury, and passing through the Parish of Eastnor in the County of Hereford, at or near to a certain Place called The Holly Bush in the Parish of Castlemorton in the County of Worcester, to pass through or into the several Parishes or Places of The Berrozv, Birtsmorton, Castlemorton, Longdon, Pendock, and Bushley, or some of them, in the County of Worcester, and through or mto the Parish of Forthampton in the County of Gloucester; and also from the present Road leading from a certain Ferry, called The Lower Lode, in the said Parish of Forthampton, commencing at or near to the Church in the said Parish of Forthampton, and to pass from thence, until it joins the first-mentioned Road in the Parish of Bushley aforesaid j and also from the present Road leading from Tewkesbury to Worcester, at or near to the Place where the present Turnpike Gate at the Mythe now stands, and to pass from thence to the Foot of the said Bridge, within the said Parish of Tewkesbury; and also to make Contracts, and to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things necessary for building and maintaining such Bridge, and for making, varying, altering, diverting, widening, improving, and maintaining the said Roads, they the said Trustees, their Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers hereby granted to them, and first making full Satisfaction, in Manner herein-after directed, to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of, and all Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which shall be made use of or injured in or by the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act; and this Act shaTl be sufficient to indemnify the said Trustees, their Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, and all other Persons acting under their Authority, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act.

XXII. But in order that the Current of the said River and the Navigation thereof may not be unnecessarily impeded or obstructed, be it further enacted, That the several Piers to be erected in the Channel of the said River for the Support of the said Bridge shall not in the whole exceed the Breadth of Eighteen Feet at the Level of low Water; and that the Crown of the Centre Arch of the said Bridge shall be raised to

the Height of not less than Ten Feet above the Level of the Western

Bank of the said River, contiguous to the Place where such Bridge shall be erected.

Not to erect

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the on Bridge any Trustees to erect, or suffer to be erected, upon the said Bridge, any ToU House* House or Building other than a Toll House, Toll Gates, and Posts, Weighing Machines, Lamp Posts or Irons, and such other Erections as may be necessary for the Collection and receiving of the Tolls to arise thereat.

Embank-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

bTmadcC'to Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to raise, form,

. . 9 and

Current of River not to be impeded.

: 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii. 6?

and erect such Causeways and Embankments on the Eastern and Western Sides of the said River Severn as they may think necessary or proper, for raising and keeping the Roads hereby authorized to be made and constructed to communicate with the said Bridge, above the Level of Floods, with such Arches, Culverts, Openings, Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses through or under the same, for insuring the free Passage of the Waters in Time of Floods, as shall be thought necessary and required by William. Dowdeswell Esquire and the Reverend Joseph Martin, the Owners of Land lying above the Line of the said Roads contiguous to the River Severn; and that all Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the making and forming such Works, and the maintaining the same in Repair, shall be defrayed and paid by the said Trustees, and shall be deemed Part of the Costs and Charges of carrying this Act into Execution.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time Passage of hereafter the Measures herein-before provided for securing a sufficient Passage for the Waters in Time of Floods shall be proved to be insuf- an(* open> ficient, and by means or in consequence of the damming up or obstructing of the Waters in the Time of Floods by such Causeways and Embankments, the Water in Flood-time, within the Distance of One hundred

Yards above such Causeways and Embankments, shall be raised and kept up to a Level of Six Inches higher than the Level of the Waters in Floodtime below such Causeways and Embankments, then and in every such Case and when and so often as such Effect shall be proved to have been produced, otherwise than by any sudden or unavoidable Cause, the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required as soon as may be, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, to cause such additional Arches, Culverts, Openings, Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses to be erected, made, cut, formed, and maintained through or under the said Causeways and Embankments, as shall be fully sufficient to ensure the.

Passage of all such Waters in Flood-time with as little Obstruction as possible, and to preserve the Level of such Waters in Time of Flood, at the Distance of One hundred Yards above the said Causeways and Embankments, within Six Inches of the Level of the Waters, at the Distance of One hundred Yards below the Level of the same.

XXVI. And whereas there is at present an ancient Ferry across the Trustees to River Severn, at the Upper Lode, near to the Place where the said Bridge purchase the is proposed to be erected, which will be rendered unnecessary in conse- ySnv! Lo(ie quence of the Erection of the said Bridge; be it therefore further enacted,

That the said Trustees sfoill and they are hereby required, when and as sOon as the said Bridge shall be completed and opened for the Public to pass over, to purchase absolutely the said Ferry at the Upper Lode, for such Sum of Money as shall be deemed to be a full Compensation for the same; and in case the said Trustees and the Owner or Proprietor of the said Ferry shall not agree as to the Purchase Money to be paid for the same, then and in such Case the Amount thereof shall be ascertained and settled in the sajne Manner in all Respects as is herein-after directed respecting the Purchase Money to be paid for Lands and Damages; and such Money and the Proceeds thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of in the same Manner as the Satisfaction and Damage to be paid to the Owners and Proprietors of and other Persons interested in Lands,'

Tenements.

68

Power to take Lands.

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, are herein-after directed to be applied and disposed of.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to take and use any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments which may be deemed necessary and convenient for the making, improving, widening, altering, varying, or diverting any Road, Access, or Avenue to or from the said Bridge, upon giving Six Months Notice in Writing of such their Intention to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and first making Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Manner herein-after directed: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to retain, after the Completion of the said Bridge and Roads, Accesses or Avenues, any Lands or Grounds to be so taken as aforesaid, exceeding the Breadth of Sixty Feet, nor to erect or build upon any Part of the said Lands or Grounds to be so retained as aforesaid any House or Building, except such Toll Houses, Weighing Houses, and other Erections as shall be necessary for such Bridge and Roads, Accesses or Avenues.

Trustees not

XXVIII. And whereas a Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, de-from Plan de scr^,nS and delineating the Line of the said Roads, and the Lands through posited with" which the same are to be carried, have been deposited with the Clerks of Clerk of the Peace for the said respective Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, and Peace. for the said Borough of Tewkesbury; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the said respective Clerks of the Peace, to the End that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom at their Will and Pleasure, paying to such respective Clerks of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies of or Extracts from the said Book of Reference; and the said Trustees in making the said Roads shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

Trustees con-

XXIX. And whereas upon the said Map or Plan, deposited as aforesaid, fined^to]apar- Two Lines of new Road are delineated leading from the Site of the said of Road.me inten£kd Bridge, to communicate with the ancient Highway in the Parish of Bushley, one of such Lines being marked with the Letter (A.) at each End thereof, and the other of the said Lines being marked with the Letter (B.) at each End thereof, and it will be most beneficial and commodious to the Public and less injurious to the Owner and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds through or over which such new Road so to communicate as aforesaid is intended to be made, for the Road marked as aforesaid with the Letter (B.) to be used and adopted as the Access or Avenue to communicate with the said intended Bridge; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby directed, authorized, and required to make and construct the Road, Access, or Avenue to communicate with the said Bridge on the western Bank of the said

69

Misnomers in the Book of Reference not to prevent Trustees from taking

Property.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.u.

said River Severn, in the said Parish of Bushley, in the Line and Direction and as the same is laid down and delineated on the said Map or Plan, and marked at each End thereof with the Letter (B.), and not in the Line and Direction marked with the Letter (A.), subject nevertheless to the Powers of Variation from the Line laid down in the said Map or Plan in other Cases hereby given.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to make and construct the Accesses and Avenues to communicate with the said Bridge, and to make, improve, widen, alter, vary, or divert the Roads herein mentioned, in, through, across, or over the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be the Owner or Owners of any of the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted or mis-stated in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Gloucester or Worcester, or for the said Borough of Tewkesbury (within their respective Jurisdictions), and be certified accordingly by Writing under their Hands, that such Omission or Mis-statement proceeded from Mistake.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees may Trustees to treat, contract, and agree, not only with the Owners of or Persons interested in the said Ferry called the Upper Lode, but also with the Owners of or Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements* or Hereditaments which the said Trustees shall judge necessary to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by or in consequence of the constructing or building of such Bridge, or by the making and improving the Roads, Accesses, or Avenues thereto; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and for all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Fee Tail general or special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy or otherwise, and to and for all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for Charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for or on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or as entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever who is, are, or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in the said Ferry, or in any such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the Sale thereof, or for the Satisfaction to be made for the same, or for such Damages as aforesaid $ and by Conveyance, Lease and Release, or Bargain and Sale, to sell and convey unto the said Trustees all or any such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made shall -be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, with-[Local.~\ S , ou

70

Bodies Politic, &c. may receive Satisfaction for Lands, &c.

When Persons neglect or refuse to treat, Value to be ascertained by a Jury.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

oiit Fine or Recovery, and $iall be a complete Bar to all Estates Tail, and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Trusts, and Interests whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Usage, Custom, or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, in Tail, or for Years determinable on Life or Lives, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Bodies and Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and Tenant or Tenants for Life, and Tenant or Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, Expectancy or otherwise, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Femes Covert, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Person or Persons who is or are seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Ferries, or Hereditaments, through, in, or upon which the said Bridge, Roads, Accesses, or Avenues thereto, and other Works are hereby authorized to be built, constructed, and made, or which may be affected thereby, may and are hereby empowered to accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by or in consequence of the making and completing the said Works hereby directed and authorized to be made, and also for any Injury or Damage whatever that shall affect any such Person or Persons either as Leaseholder, Tenant at Will, or otherwise, as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Parties interested respectively, or any of them, and the said Trustees.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee of or for any Lunatic or Idiot, or any Feme Covert, or any Tenant for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, Expectancy or otherwise, or any Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons so interested in or entitled to any such Ferries, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or in or to the Occupation thereof as aforesaid, shall for the Space of Thirty Days next after Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of any such Ferries, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Trustees respecting the Purchase of or Compensation for such Ferry, or ajiy Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or respecting the Satisfaction to be made by the said Trustees for any Damage that may be sustained by him, her, or them, or any of them, by the building of the said Bridge, or by the making and improving of the said Roads, Avenues, and Accesses thereto, or by any of the Works thereto belonging and

hereby

71

4" GEORGII IV.

hereby authorized to be made, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability, Inability, Marriage, Coverture, Insanity, Lunacy, Idiotism, or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement or Agreements with the said Trustees as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall not within such Thirty Days as aforesaid, produce and fully disclose the Title to such Ferries, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments; then and in every such Case the said Trustees shall and they are hereby empowered and required to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to the Sheriff of the County in which the Matter in question shall arise, or to the Bailiffs for the Time being of the Borough of Tewkesbury, if the Matter in question shall arise within the said Borough; and in case any such Sheriff or the Bailiffs of the said Borough shall enjoy any Office or Place of Profit under this Act or the said recited Act, or shall be otherwise interested in the Matter in question (except as a Trustee acting in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act,) then to any One of the Coroners of such County, or the Coroner for the said Borough, who shall not be so interested as aforesaid (except as Trustee as aforesaid); and in case such Coroner shall be so interested, then to the last Person who filled the Office of Sheriff of such County, and High Bailiff of such Borough, who shall not be so interested as aforesaid (otherwise than in being or acting as a Trustee as aforesaid,) commanding such Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, Bailiffs, Coroner, or such other Person, to impannel, summon, and return, and such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiffs, Coroner, or such other Person is and are hereby authorized and required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, such Time not being less than Fourteen Days nor more than Twenty-eight Days after such Warrant shall be served upon such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiffs, Coroner, or such other Person, and Fourteen Days Notice in Writing at the least being given under the Hand of the Clerk to the said Trustees to such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations, Trustees, or other Persons interested in the Matter in question, or left at the respective Dwellings or last Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or at the Head Officer or Officers of such Corporations, of the Time and Place of the said Jury’s being so impannelled j and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby empowered and required, out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve (which Oath the said Trustees or any Two of them are hereby empowered and required to administer), who shall be a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiffs, Coroner, or other Person shall return other sufficient and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service (being qualified as last aforesaid), to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve $ and it shall be lawful for all Persons concerned in the Matter i;i question, by themselves, their Counsel, Attorney, and Solicitor, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evidence before the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiffs, Coroner, or such other Person respectively; and such Persons so concerned in the Matter in question shall have their lawful Challenge against the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not

challenge

72

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

challenge the Array; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required, by a Summons or Notice to be signed by any Three or more of them, either previous to or at the Time of any such Meeting, to call before such Jury and examine upon Oath, or being of the People called Quakers, upon Affirmation, all and every or any Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, if Occasion shall require, to order and cause the said Jury or any Six or more of them to view the Place or Places in question, and to use all other lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Trustees shall think fit, which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths the said Trustees or any Two of them are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall and are hereby empowered and required to inquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Ferries, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested therein, for or on account of the taking of such Ferries, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act, or of making, diverting, turning, or improving any Part of such Roads, Avenues, or Accesses to the said Bridge, into, over, or through the same; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage, Recompence, and Satisfaction, the said Trustees shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid out of the Money authorized to be raised by this Act, to the said Owners or Occupiers of or other Persons interested in the said Ferries, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; and such Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgment, Order or Determination therein pronounced as aforesaid, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim any Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail General or Special, for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, in Possession, Reversion* Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise howsoever, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, Infants, Issue unborn. Femes Covert, Persons beyond the Seas, Idiots, Lunatics or Insane, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or other Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster y ox any other Court j any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding $ and all and every such Owners and Occupiers of, and all and every Person and Persons interested in such Ferries, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed as aforesaid, or upon depositing the same in the Bank of England in the Manner directed by this Act, as the Case may require, be thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes divested of all Right, Title, Claim* Interest, and Property of, in, to, or out of the same; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby fully empowered, after the Purchase of the said Ferry shall be completed, to cause the same to be thenceforth wholly discontinued j any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. li. 73

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriff, Under She- Penalty on riff, Bailiff, Coroner, or other Person directed to impannel, summon, and Shenff»,&c* return such Jury as aforesaid, or his or their Deputy, Agent, or Officer, Duty.C mg shall make default in the Premises, he shall for every Offence forfeit and

pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Case, by the said Trustees, or by such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or other Person or Persons interested in the Matter in question; and if any Person so impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid on such Jury shall not appear, without sufficient Excuse to the contrary, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn, shall refuse to give or shall not give his Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and levied in the Manner herein-after mentioned in respect of Persons summoned to give Evidence before such Jury; and if any Person so summoned and required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall neglect or refuse to appear (having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her, or their Costs, Charges, and Expences), and shall not shew sufficient Cause to the said Trustees for not appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn (or being One of the People called Quakers to affirm) or to give Evidence, then and in every such Case such Person so offending, upon Proof thereof made before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place, in which the Matter in question shall arise, upon the Oath or Affirmation of One credible Witness, or more, or upon the Confession of the Party so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice; and in case such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering to such Person the Overplus (if any) after such Penalty and the Charges of Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and every such Penalty which shall be paid or recovered from any Person who shall be impannelled, summoned, and returned on such Jury, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall appear to such Justice to be injured by the Default of such Person.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who in any Examination to be taken on Oath or Affirmation, by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, shall wilfully give false Evidence, or falsely affirm, or otherwise forswear himself or herself before any such Jury, or before any Justice of the Peace or Trustee acting as such in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, shall and may be prosecuted for the same, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject and liable to such and the same Pains and Penalties, as any Person guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury is by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Body Politic, Corpo- &c> rate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and every other Person request- to enter into ing a Jury to be summoned, shall (before such Warrant shall be issued for Bonds for that Purpose) enter into a Bond with Two sufficient Sureties, to the PayinSEx-Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, in a Penalty of One hundred ^eJnof r

[W.] T Pounds, Cases!

Persons giving false Evidence,

74 4° GEORGII IV. Oip.il

Pounds, with Condition to pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, in case the same shall be given for the same, or for no greater or for a less Sum than had been offered by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees before the summoning of such Jury, for the Purchase of or as a Recompence for any Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for any Damages, or in case no Verdict shall be found for Damages where the sole Dispute was for Damages as aforesaid.

How Expen-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury to be sumac ar/to^be mone<^ anc* sworn, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall give in paid. and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence or

Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of or belonging to any Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or to any Person or Persons unknown, or as at Compensation for any Damage done to any such Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments, than had been previously tendered by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, or where any Verdict or Assessment of such Jury shall be found for any Damage, where the Dispute is for Damages only, and where no Compensation or a smaller Sum than shall be given by such Verdict or Assessment had been previously offered or tendered in respect thereof, by or on behalf of the said Trustees, or where by reason of Absence beyond the Seas, or other Impediment or Disability as aforesaid, there shall not be found any Person ' or Persons at hand, who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Contract with, make Conveyances to, and receive Compensation from the said Trustees as herein-before mentioned, then and in all such Cases all the Costs and Expences of impannelling, summoning, returning, and maintaining such Jury and Witnesses, and taking such Verdict, shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; such Costs and Expences to be settled and ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place wherein the Matter in question shall have arisen, not interested in the Matter in question, who is hereby authorized and empowered to settle and determine the same, and to make an Order on the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Payment thereof; but if any Jury so summoned and sworn as aforesaid shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for the same, or for less Money than shall have been so previously offered as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or for such Damages where the Dispute is for Damages only, or in case of such Refusal or Neglect to enter into Treaty with, or make Conveyances to, or receive Compensation from the said Trustees, by any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or by any Person whomsoever, who is or are by the Provisions of this Act or otherwise legally capacitated to treat and convey or receive such Compensation as aforesaid, then and in all such Cases the Costs and Expences of impannelling, summoning, returning, and maintaining the said Jury, and all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or other Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute $ which said Costs and Expellees having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such Difference or Cause of Dispute •: ~ - - shall

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii. 75

shall arise, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the same, at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend him for that Purpose), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed ' and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to. be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; and in case no Damages shall be given by such Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only, such Costs and Expences, being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices and Value of Juries respectively, in their Awards, Determinations, Adjudications, Judgu ggdt0 ments, and Verdicts, concerning the Value of Lands, Grounds, Tene- be distin-ments, and Hereditaments, shall separately and distinctly proportion off guished. any particular Estate, Term, or Interest, and also any Damages sustained

by any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, by or in consequence of the Eacecution of the Powers of this Act, and shall assess and adjudge the Value set upon such Estate, Term, and Interest, and the Money assessed and adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid, distinct and apart from each other.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Ten- Lands pur-

ser, by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, of every Sum of Money phased[vested -contracted or agreed for between the Parties or assessed by the Jury as rus"

aforesaid, for the Purchase of, or as a Compensation and Recompence

for Damages to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Ferry, Lands,

Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or to such other Person or Persons as .shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive the same respectively, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, at any Time after the same shall have been actually so agreed for, determined, or assessed, or upon depositing the same in the Bank of England in manner by this Act directed, as the Case may be; and after Thirty Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or left at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of such Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or before such Payment or Tender, or Security given, or Notice sent, by Leave of the Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers thereof, such Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Use, Trust,

Right, Benefit, and Interest of any Person or Persons therein or thereto, shall from thenceforth be vested in, and become the sole Property of the said Trustees, for the Purposes of this Act, for ever; and such Payment,

Tender, or Deposit shall not only bar and extinguish all Right, Title, Claim,

Interest, or Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but shall also bar and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or e y 2 otherwise,

76

Sale of Land not wanted.

Application of Compensation Money exceeding 2001.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.S.

otherwise, of his, her, or their Issue, and of all and every other Person or Persons interested therein.

XL. And whereas the said Trustees may by virtue of this Act be seised of or entitled to some Piece or Pieces of Ground beyond what may be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time to sell and dispose of the same, together or in Parcels, either by public Sale or private Contract, (as they shall find most advantageous and convenient,) to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same: Provided always, that the said Trustees before they shall sell or dispose of any such Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground not wanted for the Purposes of this Act, shall first offer the same for Sale to the Person or Persons of whom the same shall have been purchased, or to the Person or Persons whose Land shall adjoin thereto; and if such Person or Persons respectively shall thereupon refuse, or shall not agree (except with respect to or on account of the Price thereof) to purchase the same respectively within Twenty Days next after such Offer, on an Affidavit being made and sworn to before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place where such Lands or Grounds are situate, who are hereby respectively empowered to take such Affidavit, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was then and thereupon refused, or was not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom the same was made, such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was refused, or not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made, (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing such Piece or Pieces of Ground, and he, she, or they and the said Trustees shall differ, or not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner by this Act directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be taken and used by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as by this Act is directed with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales of such Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied by the said Trustees to the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money; and the Conveyances of such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall be made to the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof, and in such Manner and Form as is herein-before directed with respect to the Conveyances to be made of the Land constituting Part of the Roads and herein-before directed to be purchased or taken.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money agreed or awarded to be paid to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Tenant for Life, Dower, in Fee Tail general or

special.

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. ii. 77

special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or to any Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, for the *

Purchase of or for the Damages to be done to any Ferry, Lands, Grounds,; Tenements, and Hereditaments, by virtue of the Powers in this Act contained, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank ' of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General • of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incum-' brances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements or Hereditaments,' or affecting any other Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds,;

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said High Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments so directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money when les* so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tene- than 2001. ments, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons 1 an under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees,

\_Loeal.~] ' U • - m

78 4" GEORfcrll IV Cap. il

in case of Infancy or Lunacy, Trustee or Trustees, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons acting as such as aforesaid, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person oif persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Trustees acting in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be sig* nified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends and Interest arising therefrom, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required tq obtain the ^Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

When less than 201.

, (jpLlII. Provided also, and ,be it further enacted, That where stoch Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as last before mentioned, shall be le§s than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whqm any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be put-chased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing them] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said High Courts of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall Seem just

io - and

If Compensation Money be refused, &e. the Money to be paid into the Bank.

4* GEORGII IVi 79

and reasonable j and the Cashier or Cashiers ,of the Banks of, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby rer; quired to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Mongy, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is. or ase i received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England as aforesaid.!

XLVI Provided always, and be it further, enacted, That where any . Persons in Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person,to any Money to Possession be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said High Court of Chancery, in pur- entitled, suance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Ferry, Lands,. Grounds,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest therein* to he purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities vta, be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of: any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in,

Possession of such Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under., such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the saidj High Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and alsoi the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court that such Possession was it wrongful Possession, and that some other-Person or Persons was on were lawfully entitled to such Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by Trustees may-reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor- be ordered to poration, entitled to any Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Here- Pa? Co,t8, ditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the High Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Tenants to Lessee for a Year or Years, shall deliver up the Possession of such deliver up Premises to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall PoMe9sioD* appoint to take Possession of the same, upon having Three Calendar Months Notice in Writing to quit such Possession, from the Clerk to the said Trustees, or from the Person or Persons so authorized by them to take such Possession j and such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at

the

80 . 4‘ GEORGII IV. ii.

the End of the said Three Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with Reference to the Time or Times of any such Tenant’s holding or not, or so soon after as he, she, or they shall be required by the said Trustees, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Trustees, or the Person or Persons authorized by them, in Writing under their Hands, to take Possession thereof; and in , case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid (all reasonable Satisfaction being first made or tendered as aforesaid), it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the County in which such Premises shall be situate, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby authorized and required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts, on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods, Chattels, and Effects.

Mortgages

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and

may be paid Persons who shall have or claim to have any Mortgage or Mortgages on any such Ferry, Lands, Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments, whether being in the Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages or not, shall, on Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, or such Proportion of such Principal and Interest as the Quantity of Land, Tenements, and Hereditaments required by the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act shall bear to the whole Mortgage due thereon, together with the Amount of Three Calendar Months Interest on the said Principal Money, or such Proportion thereof as aforesaid, by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Trustees, or from their Clerk, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on any such Mortgage, or such Proportion thereof as aforesaid, at the End or Expiration of Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, then and in such Case, at the End of the said Three Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, or such Proportion thereof as aforesaid, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer his, her, or their Interest in the Premises, or such Proportion thereof as aforesaid, to the said Trustees; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid, on such Payment or Tender, then and in such Case all Interest on every such Mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine: Provided always, that in case the Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interest due thereon, or such Proportion thereof as aforesaid, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises required to be taken by the said Trustees, to be ascertained as directed by this Act, then and in such Case the said Trustees shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than the real Value of such Premises so ascertained as aforesaid: Provided also, that in case any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall neglect or refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid, then upon Payment of the Principal Money; and

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii. 81

and Interest due on any such Mortgage as aforesaid, or such Proportion thereof as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, at the End of Three Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for. the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein-before directed in Cases of other Payments into the said Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest,

Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand of such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every other Person and Persons in Trust for him, her, or them, shall vest in the said Trustees, and they shall be and be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprized in such Mortgage or Mortgages, or so much thereof as shall be required by the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and Toll Gates they are hereby authorized and empowered to erect or cause to be erected 10 be erected, one or more Toll Gate or Poll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in, upon, , and across the said intended Bridge; and also one or more Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, and across the said intended Roads; and also on the Side or Sides of the said intended Roads, , or any of them, where any Highway, Street, Lane, or Bye-way shall or may join or meet the same, or at the End or Opening of any other Highway, Street, Lane, or Bye-way which doth or may open into, upon, or out of the same respectively, or into, upon, or out of any Common or Waste Land adjoining to the said intended Roads, together with such and so many Toll Houses, and proper and necessary Buildings, Conveniences, and Fences near to such Gates or Turnpikes, whether across the said intended Bridge or intended Roads, or on the Sides thereof respectively, as the said Trustees shall think proper, (subject nevertheless to such Restrictions and Directions as are herein-after mentioned concerning the same); and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be by them appointed to receive the same, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to demand and take at every Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act the Tolls following, before any Person, Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or other Beast shall be permitted to pass through the same; (that is to say).

For every Foot Passenger, for each Time he or she shall pass through Tolls, any such Gate or Turnpike to be erected on, across, or adjoining to the said intended Bridge, a Sum not exceeding One Penny:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Coach, Sociable,

Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis-a-Vis, Chaise, Calash, Chaise Marine,

Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whisky, Caravan, Hearse, or other such Carriage, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain,

Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence; and where the Fellies of the Wheels thereof shall be of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half, and less than Six Inches, a Sum not exceeding Seven-pence Halfpenny; and where the Fellies of the [Local.] X Wheels

82 4* GEORGfl IV.

Wheels thereof shall be of the Breadth of less than Four Inches and a Half, a Sum not exceeding Nine-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, CoWs, or Neat Cattle a Sum not exceeding Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, a Sum not exceeding Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Waggons,&c. L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Wag-

of a peculiar g0n or Cart shall have the Sole or Bottom of the Wheels thereof roll-to°payieM0n ing on a ^at Surface, and the Nails of the Tire of such Wheels shall Toll. be counter-sunk, and such Wheels shall be cylindrical, (that is to say),

of the same Diameter in the Inside next the Carriage as on the Outside, so that when such Wheels shall be rolling on a fiat or level Surface the whole Breadth thereof shall bear equally ort such flat or level Surface, and shall have the opposite Ends of the Axletrees of such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, so far as the same shall be -inserted into the respective Naves of the Wheels thereof, horizontal and in the Continuance of one straight Line without forming any Angle with each other, and in each Pair of Wheels belonging to such Carriage, the lower Parts when resting on the Ground shall be at the same Distance from each other as the upper Parts of such Wheels, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at any adjourned Meeting, if they shall think fit so to do, to make an Order for every such Waggon and Cart to pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, (except any such Toll Gate or Turnpike as shall be erected on, across, or near to the said Bridge), upon paying only so much of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected, as shall not be less than Two-thirds of the full Tolls payable by virtue of this Act, on the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Beasts drawing the same.

Tolls to be

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby paid for Stage directed to be paid shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Coaches for Beasts of Draught drawing any Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan,

passing.11"6 of or Stage Wagg°n> or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or 1 Goods for Hire or Reward every Time of passing or re-passing over or

along the said Bridge and Roads.

Breadth of Wheels not to extend to Coaches.

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained relating to the Breadth of the Wheels of Carriages, or to the Tolls payable thereon, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis-aVis, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whisky, Caravan, Hearse, Break, Taxed Cart, Market Cart, or other Cart for the Conveyance of Passengers, or light Goods or Articles.

Power to

measure

Wheels.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and for every Collector, or his Deputy or Deputies, or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, or of their Lessee or Lessees of the Tolls hereby authorized to be demanded

7 ' and

83

4° GEORGII IV. b.

and taken, to measure and examine, or cause to be measured and examined, the Breadth and Construction of the Wheels of any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage, passing on the Roads intended to be made and improved by virtue of this Act; such Measurement and Examination to take place if any of the said Trustees, or other authorized Persons making the same, shall so require, previously to any such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage being allowed to pass through any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes at which Toll shall be payable by virtue of this Act; and if the Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage, shall turn or drive out of the Road in order to avoid or evade the measuring of the Wheels of such Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage; or if any such Owner, Driver, or other Person shall refuse to allow the Wheels of any such Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage to be measured and the Construction thereof examined, or shall attempt to pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike erected under the Powers of this Act before such Admeasurement and Examination shall be made (the same having been required), or shall in any way hinder or obstruct any of the said Trustees or other authorized Person in making such Admeasurement and Examination, every such Owner, Driver, or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and it shall not be lawful for any such Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage not permitted to be measured or examined as aforesaid to pass along any of the Roads hereby authorized to be made and improved; and if any Collector or his Deputy, or any other Person appointed under the Powers of this Act to collect the said Tolls, shall allow the same to pass before such Admeasurement and Examination shall be made, every such Collector, Deputy, or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to put up or cause to be put up and continued at every Toll Gate or Turnpike that shall be erected by virtue of this Act, a Table, painted in distinct and legible Black Letters, on a Board with a White Ground, containing at the Top thereof the Name of the Gate at which the same shall be put up, and also a List of all the Tolls payable at every such Gate, distinguishing the several Tolls and the different Sorts of Carriages for which they are to be paid, where there shall be any Variation therein; and also a List of the several Gates which shall be wholly or partially cleared by the Payment of Toll at the Toll Gate where such Table of Tolls shall be affixed; and the said Trustees shall also provide Tickets denoting the Payment of Toll, and on such several Tickets shall be named and specified the Name of the Gate at which the same respectively shall be delivered, and also the Names of the several Gates freed by such Payment, one of which Tickets shall be delivered gratis to the Person paying the Toll; and on the Production of such Ticket at any Gate therein mentioned as being cleared as aforesaid by the Payment of the Toll at the Gate where such Ticket was delivered, the Person producing the same shall pass through the Gate or Gates therein mentioned without paying any further or additional Toll.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person having paid the said Tolls, and producing a Ticket from the Collector denoting such Payment, shall be permitted to pass and repass Once in the same

Table of Tolls to be set up.

Tolls for passing and repassing once through

84

the sameToll Gate in One Day.

Tolls for passing through all the Toll Gates.

Two Oxen to be considered as One Horse.

Tolls to be paid for every Time of passing over the Bridge.

Tolls may be

distrained

for.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, through the Toll Gates or Toll Bars mentioned in such Note or Ticket, with the same Horses or other Beasts, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or Drove of Oxen, or Neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, without being subject or liable to any additional Toll for so doing; and no Person shall be permitted to pass a subsequent Time in any one Day (to be computed as aforesaid) with the same Cattle through any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars aforesaid, until he shall have paid for every such subsequent Time of passing through any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid) with the same Horses, Beasts, or Cattle, such Toll, not exceeding the Tolls herein-before mentioned, as the said Trustees shall direct or appoint; and such Person for every such Payment for such subsequent passing shall be permitted to repass through such Toll Gates or Toll Bars with the same Horses, Beasts, or Cattle the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid) without paying any other Toll.

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no more than Two full Tolls shall be demanded or taken of or from any Person or Persons for or in respect of the same Horse or Horses, or other Beasts or Cattle, or Carriage or Carriages, in any one Day, to be computed as aforesaid, for passing and repassing once through all or any of the said Toll Gates or Toll Bars to be erected under the Powers of this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Carriages wherein Oxen, Bullocks, or other Neat Cattle shall be used, there shall be paid, for each of such Oxen, Bullocks, or other Neat Cattle One Moiety of the Tolls which are hereby imposed upon each Horse so drawing.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby authorized to be demanded and received shall be payable and be paid for and in respect of all Passengers, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages for each and every Time of passing over the said Bridge; any thing in this Act or the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person subject or liable to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand made thereof, neglect or refuse the Payment thereof, or any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons authorized to collect such Tolls, by himself, herself, or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they shall think necessary, to seize and distrain any Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage, or other Thing upon or in respect of which any such Toll is imposed, together with their respective Bridles, Saddles, Gears, Harness, or Accoutrements (except the Bridle or Reins of any Horse or other Beast, separate from the Horse or other Beast,) or any Carriage, together with its Lading (if any) in respect of the Horse or Cattle drawing the Carriage in which such Toll is imposed, or any of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the same; and if such Tolls or any Part thereof so neglected or refused to be paid, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure, Distress, and keeping the same, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after the making of such Seizure and Distress, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining .% 3 may

85

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

may sell the Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage, or Thing so seized and distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, and out of the Money which shall arise by such Sale pay such Tolls and all reasonable Charges incurred by such Seizure, Distress, and Sale, returning the Overplus of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, and which shall remain unsold (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise con- For settling cerning any Tolls due, or the Amount thereof, or the Charges occasioned Disputescon-by any Distress to be taken by virtue of this Act for Nonpayment of any cernlDS ° 8* Tolls, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person so distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls due, and the Charges of making, keeping, and selling such Distress, be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place wherein the Toll Gate or Turnpike at which the Toll in Dispute shall be payable shall be situate, who, on Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on Oath (or, being One of the People called Quakers, on Affirmation) of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall award such Costs and Charges to either Party as to the said Justice shall appear right and proper; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered, in case of Nonpayment thereof forthwith, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so awarded or directed to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the same, or any other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said Trustees, or under any Lessee or Lessees of the said Tolls, shall not be disqualified or incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation on account of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Toils as aforesaid.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered reduce Tolls, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Meeting One Calendar Month’s Notice in Writing or Print shall be affixed on all Turnpike Gates or Posts which shall be then erected upon the said Bridge and Roads, and also inserted in One of the public Newspapers usually circulated in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester from Time to Time when and as often as they shall think proper, to lessen and reduce all or any of the Tolls hereby granted or made payable, and to cause the same to be collected in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, and for and during such Time as they shall think fit; and afterwards at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, from Time to Time, as they may see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates by this Act granted and made payable: Provided nevertheless, that where the whole Money borrowed on the Credit ' \Local^\ Y of

Collectors of Toll competent Evidence.

oD

Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to Five-sixths of the Money remaining due on the Security of such Tolls.

Reduction of

LXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases Tolls to be where the Trustees shall reduce or advance such Tolls, such Reduction

riages, the Breadth of the Wheels whereof is regulated by this Act with Reference to the Proportion or Scale of Tolls payable on such Waggons, Carts, or other such Carriages, according to the Breadth of the Wheels thereof; (that is to say), the said Trustees shall reduce or advance the Toll payable on Waggons, Carts, or other such Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, and shall then take and demand Double or other Proportions (as the Case may be) of such reduced or advanced Tolls on Waggons, Carts, or other such Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a greater or less Breadth than Six Inches, and the Reduction or Advance of the Proportion of Toll to be made payable by this Act in respect of the Breadth of Wheels, or any other Reduction or Advance of Tolls to be made in any other Way than in manner aforesaid, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Composition

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said for Tolls. Trustees from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, to compound

all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places to or through which any Part of the said Roads shall pass or lead, for the passing of all or any Description of their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages through all or any of the Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act (except the Toll Gates to be erected on or across the said Bridge), which Composition shall be paid in Advance; and in default thereof the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Persons making such Default shall thenceforth be void; and all such Composition Money shall be paid and applied in such Manner as the Tolls are hereby directed to be paid and applied: Provided always, that no such Composition shall extend or be construed to extend to any additional Tolls for Overweight directed to be paid or taken for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, subject to any additional Toll for such Overweight.

Cadges Carts, and other Carriages sometimes pass through Turnpike Gates af-others.l° fixed, tied, or secured to other Carriages, and Horses are sometimes sent

thereto; be it therefore further enacted, That for every Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Waggon, or any other Carriage whatsoever, with Four Wheels, passing through any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, affixed, tied, or secured to any other Carriage, the same Toll and no more shall be demanded and paid for and in respect of every such Carriage, as if the same had passed through drawn by Two Horses; and for and in respect of any Chair, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, with Two Wheels only, passing through any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes so affixed, tied, or secured to any other Carriage as aforesaid, the same

made proportionally.

or Advance shall be made as to Waggons, Carts, and other such Car-

and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time with

Tolls upon

LXV. And whereas Coaches, Chariots, Chaises, Waggons, Wains,

under the Charge of the Drivers of such Carriages, and are fastened

io

Toll,

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. ii. 8g

Toll, and no more, shall be demanded, taken, and paid as if the same had passed through drawn by One Horse only; and where any Horse or other Beast or Cattle shall be fastened to but not used in drawing any Carriage, such Horse or other Beast or Cattle shall not be liable to a higher Toll than a single Horse : Provided always, that if any such Carriage so affixed, tied, or secured as aforesaid, shall have any Goods or Things conveyed therein, other than the Harness thereto respectively belonging, and such Articles of Package as shall be necessary for the Protection of any such Carriage, the same shall be respectively liable to Double the Toll hereby imposed thereon.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or General taken by virtue of this Act, at any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be Exemption*, erected upon the said Bridge or Roads, for any Horses or Carriages of or attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse or other Beast or Cattle, or for any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for making or repairing the said intended Bridge, or any present or future Bridge, within any of the Parishes or Places through or in which the said Bridge or the Roads hereby authorized to be erected and made shall be or pass; or for making or repairing the Roads hereby authorized to be made and improved, or any other public Highway or Road within any of such Parishes or Places; or of or from any Surveyor of any Turnpike Road when engaged in executing or proceeding to execute within the Limits of his own or any adjoining Trust, the Powers of this Act or the said recited Act; or (except as to the Toll or Turnpike on the said Bridge) for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Dung, Soil, Compost, or Manure (except Lime) for improving, or to be used as Manure in Lands lying in any Parish or Place through which the said Roads pass; or any Plough, Harrow, or Implement of Husbandry (unless laden also with some other Thing not hereby exempted from the Payment of Toll); or any Hay, Straw, Fodder for Cattle, and Corn in the Straw, which has arisen or grown on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, Potatoes, Turnips, Parsnips, Carrots, or other Agricultural Produce, and which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor is going to be sold or disposed of; or for any Horse or other Beast or Cattle employed in Husbandry going to or returning from Plough or Harrow; or to or from Pasture or Watering Place; or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried, such Horses or other Beast not going pr returning on those Occasions more than Two Miles on any of the Roads hereby authorized to be made or improved; or of or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church or Chapel; or of or from any other Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or on any Day on which Divine Service is by Authority ordered to be celebrated; or of or from any Inhabitant of any Parish, Township, or Place, going to or returning from attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in some or One of the Parishes, Townships, or Places through or into which any of the Roads hereby authorized to be made

shall

88

4° GEORGII IV. CapAu

shall He; or from any Rector, Vicar, Curate, or officiating Minister going to visit or returning from visiting any sick Parishioner or Inhabitant, or on other his parochial Duty within his Parish; or for any Horse, Beast, Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage employed only in carrying or conveying any Vagrant sent by a legal Pass, or any Person sent by any legal Warrant, or returning empty after having been so employed; or (including the Toll Gate or Turnpike on the said Bridge) for any Horses, Beasts, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the same; or for the Horse or Horses of any Officer or Soldier on his or their March or on Duly; or for any Horse or other Beast, or any Cart, Carriage, or Waggon employed in carrying or conveying, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officer or Soldier; or employed in carrying or conveying, or returning empty from having been employed only in carrying and conveying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officer or Soldier; or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Cattle drawing the same, employed in conveying any Ordnance or Barrack or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning empty from being so employed; or for any Carriage conveying any Volunteer Infantry; or for any Horse furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry, and rode by him in going to or returning from any Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, Inspection, or Review, or on any other public Duty, provided that such Person shall be dressed in the Uniform of his Corps, and shall have his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations appointed for such Corps at the Time of claiming the Exemption; or for any Horse, Beast, or Carriage carrying or conveying any Person to or from and to vote at any Election or Elections of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Gloucester or Worcester, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; or for any Horse, Beast, or Carriage which shall only cross any of the said Roads hereby authorized to be made, or shall not pass above One hundred Yards thereon.

Tolls paid

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for the pre-

for Waggons venting of Frauds on Toll Collectors by Waggons, Carts or other Car-

coins empty • 0 • oo 7

for Road^ 1 riages passing empty, or laden only with Implements necessary for the

Materials to more convenient carriage of or for loading or unloading Manure or Ma-be repaid terials for the Repair of any Bridge or Turnpike Road or Highway, J*eiadenUrn" t^rouS^ Toll Gates or Turnpikes hereby authorized to be erected, under Pretence of going for such Manure or Materials, the Owner or Driver of any such empty Waggon, Cart or Carriage, claiming such Exemptions, or any of them, shall in all Cases pay the Toll in respect of such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, before the same shall be permitted to pass through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike; and the Collector of such Toll shall thereupon (except as to the Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected on or across the said Bridge) deliver to such Owner or Driver a Ticket, to be marked " Manure Exemption," or " Road Materials," (as the Case may be), with the Name of the Gate, and the Date when delivered; and the

89

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

the Amount of the Toll so paid shall be repaid to the Owner or Driver of such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage so laden as aforesaid, on returning and producing such Ticket; and every Collector of such Toll (except the Collector of the Tolls at the said Bridge) refusing to give such Ticket on receiving the Toll, or refusing or neglecting to return the same Toll upon the Return of such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage so laden, and Re-delivery of the " Manure Exemption*’ or <c Road Materials’* Ticket, (as the Case may be), shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Owner of such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, a Penalty of not more than Five Pounds upon Conviction thereof, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Borough or Place where such Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Driver of any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, laden with Manure for Land, or Materials for any Turnpike Road or Highway passing through any Toll Gate or Turnpike, or otherwise passing on or across any of the Roads hereby authorized to be made and improved, shall not be liable to pay any Toll, nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for such Carriage so laden, or the Horses, Beasts, or Cattle drawing the same, by reason only of any Basket or Baskets, empty Sack or Sacks, or Spade, Shovel or Fork necessary for loading or unloading such Manure or Materials, or any Bottle, Cup, Can, Jug, Basket or Bag, containing only the necessary Provisions of the Workmen or Labourers engaged therewith, being in or upon any such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in addition to such Manure or Materials, if the Loading thereof is substantially Manure for Land, or Materials for the Repair of any Turnpike Road or Highway as aforesaid; any thing in this Act or the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, by any fraudulent or collusive Means whatsoever, claim or take the Benefit of any Exemption in this Act or in the said recited Act contained, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and in all Cases the Proof of Exemption shall be upon the Person claiming the same.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, or Barrack, or Commissariat or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any additional Toll, Penalty, or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or the Horse or Horses, or other Beasts drawing the same, while so employed, be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any suchWaggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for the Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage; any thing in this Act or the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Toll not to be taken on account of empty

Baskets, &c.

Penalty on fraudulently taking Benefit of Exemptions.

King’s Stores not subject to Tolls for Overweight.

Z

90

Post Horses having passed through any Gate may return Toll-free within Eight Hours, though not on the same Day.

Horses having passed through a Gate and returning drawing a Carriage, the Toll paid on the Horses to be deducted.

Penalty on

evading

Tolls.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Horses travelling for Hire under the Post Horse Duties Acts, having passed through any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected on the said Bridge, or on any of the Roads hereby authorized to be made or improved, drawing any Carriage in respect of which any such Toll shall have been paid, on returning through the Toll Gate or Turnpike at which the Toll shall have been paid, and the other Gates (if any) cleared by such Payment, either without such Carriage, or drawing such Carriage, the same being empty and without a Ticket denoting a first Hiring, shall be permitted to pass Toll-free, although such Horses or Carriage shall not have passed through such Toll Gate or Turnpike on the same Day, provided that such Horses so trar veiling shall return before Nine of the Clock of the Morning succeeding the Day on which they first passed through such Toll Gate or Turnpike at which the Toll shall have been paid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Horse or Horses shall pass through any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes erected by virtue of this Act, not drawing any Carriage, and a Toll shall be paid on such Horse or Horses at such Turnpike Gate, and the same Horse or Horses shall return drawing any Carriage on the same Day, or within Eight Hours after the first passing through such Gate, the Toll paid on such Horse or Horses on the original passing shall be deducted from the Toll payable on the same, when drawing the Carriage to which such Horse or Horses shall be attached on the Return, so that no higher Toll shall in the whole be demanded or taken than if such Horse or Horses had in the first place passed through such Gate drawing the said Carriage.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, with any Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage whatsoever, go off or pass from any of the Roads made or improved under the Authority of this Act, through or over any Land or Ground near or adjoining thereto (not being a public Highway, and such Person not being the Owner or Occupier or Servant, or one of the Family of the Owner or Occupier of such Land or Ground) with Intent to or shall thereby evade the Payment of any Toll granted by this Act; or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly or willingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons (except as aforesaid) with any Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage whatsoever, to go or pass through or over such Land or Ground, with Intent to evade, or whereby he or they shall evade, any such Tolls; or if any Person shall give to or receive from any Person other than the Collector of such Tolls, or shall forge, counterfeit or alter any Note or Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the Collectors of the said Tolls, with Intent to or shall thereby evade the Payment of any such Tolls; or if any Person shall fraudulently or forcibly pass through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike, with any Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage whatsoever, by reason whereof the Payment of any such Tolls or Duties shall be evaded or be lessened, or shall at any Time or Times take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Beast or Catde from any Carriage, either before or after having passed through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike, or having passed through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike, shall afterwards add or put on any Horse, Beast, or Cattle to any such Carriage, and draw therewith upon any Part of the Roads made or improved by virtue of this Act, so as to increase the Number of Horses, Beasts, or Cattle drawing such

9 Carriage,

91

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

Carriage, after the same shall have passed through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be evaded, or shall leave or cause to be left, upon or near to any Part of the said Bridge or Roads, any Carriage, Horse, Cattle or Beast, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, or with such Intent shall unload any Goods, Articles, or Things from any Carriage, or shall do any other Act whatever in order or with Intent to evade or shall thereby evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever (not being the Occupier or Servant of any Ferry legally authorized to receive Tolls) shall take on board any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel of any Description or Denomination whatsoever, and shall land or put on Shore from any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, on or from the River Severn, any Person, Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, or other Cattle or Beast, or any Hog, Pig, Swine, Sheep, Lamb or other Animal, or any Sort or Description of Carriage, for Hire or Reward, in order or with Intent to evade, or by Means whereof shall be evaded the Payment of any of the Tolls by this Act granted, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll Gate or Turnpike shall be erected by virtue of this Act on the Side of any of the said Roads hereby authorized to be made or improved, unless the same shall be ordered by the Trustees, at a Meeting, of which Fourteen Days public Notice shall have been given in Writing or Print, affixed on all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, and also in some public Newspaper circulated in the County where such Gate is intended to be erected, specifying the Place where such Toll Gate or Turnpike is proposed to be erected, and unless Five Trustees at least shall sign the said Order at such Meeting.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to make, divert, shorten, vary, alter, widen and improve the Course or Path of any of the several Roads hereby authorized to be made or improved, or any Part or Parts thereof, through or over any Common or Waste Ground, or uncultivated Lands, without making Satisfaction for the same $ and also through or over any private Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, tendering and making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damages they shall sustain thereby, or to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners, or Persons interested in any private Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lying near or contiguous to the said Roads, for the Sale thereof, or for the Loss or Damage which such Owners or other Person interested therein, or any of them, shall or may in anywise sustain by such making, diverting, widening, varying, or altering such Roads, and to pay out] of the Monies

hereby

Penalty on Persons not being Owners of Ferries landing Persons or Goods, &c. from the Severn,

Restrictions as to setting up Toll Gates.

Trustees to

improve

Roads.

92 4° GEORGII IV. ii.

hereby authorized to be raised for the Purposes of this Act, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between the Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, or Persons interested as aforesaid, and the said Trustees, and for the Costs attending such Purchase; which Roads, when widened, diverted, varied, or altered by virtue of this Act, shall be and remain Sixty Feet wide; and such Lands and Grounds, when so purchased as aforesaid, shall, by the Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Part of such Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, with proper Bridges, Arches, Waterways, Drains, Ditches and Fences for that Purpose, and shall thenceforth be deemed and taken to be a public or common Highway, and Part of the Roads to be repaired by virtue of this Act and the said recited Act: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the Trustees, in turning, varying or altering any Part of the said Roads, to deviate over any inclosed Lands or Grounds more than One hundred Yards from the Line or Course of the said Roads, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers for the Time being of such Lands or Grounds, or to take in or make use of any Garden, Yard, Paddock, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted as an Ornament or Shelter to a House, or planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the like Consent of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

Trustees to

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, by

tence Roads, and out Qf the Monies to be raised under the Powers of this Act, within Three Calendar Months after any of the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall have been made and improved, make or cause to be made and planted proper Quickset Hedges or Fences on both Sides of such Roads, where the same shall be necessary to divide and separate it from the adjoining Lands or Hereditaments, with sufficient Ditches to the same; and also a sufficient Post and Rail, or other Fence, to protect the Growth thereof, and so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands and Hereditaments adjoining to the said Roads, and also proper and convenient Gates, Stiles, Bridges and Arches, where necessary, out of the said Roads into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep and support such Fences so to be made in good Order and Repair, for and during the Term of Five Years from the Time that such Fences shall have been made or set up, unless the Owners or Proprietors for the Time being of any such Land or Ground shall agree with the Trustees to keep such Fences in Repair* from an earlier Period.

Lampa to be

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

placed on said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to

Bridges, &c. xime to order and direct such and so many Lamps to be placed and erected at each and every of the Toll Houses to be erected by virtue of this Act, or by the Sides thereof, or near thereto, and by the Sides of the said Bridge, as they shall think proper, and also to order and direct at what Times and during what Hours such Lamps, or any of them, shall be kept lighted; and all and every Toll Collector and Collectors, whether appointed by the Trustees, or by any Person or Persons to whom such Tolls may be let, who shall neglect and omit to observe

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

and fulfil the Orders of the said Trustees, in respect to the keeping such Lamps lighted, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Neglect or Omission.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of and in the Bridge, Turnpikes, Toll Gates, and Toll Houses, Weighing Engines, and other Buildings to be erected by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, with the Ground, Fences, and Appurtenances thereunto respectively belonging, and of all Gates and Lamps, and the Posts, Irons, and other Furniture thereof, Bars, Toll Boards, Direction Boards, Milestones, Posts, Rails and Fences to be erected and provided in pursuance of this Act and the said recited Act, with the several Conveniences and Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and all Materials, Tools and Implements which shall be provided for making, building, repairing, constructing and completing the Bridge, Avenues, and Roads by this Act directed to be built, constructed, made, repaired, and improved, or any of them, and the Sweepings of the said Bridge and Roads, and all other Matters and Things provided by virtue of this Act and the said recited Act, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to apply and dispose of the same as they shall think fit, and to bring or cause to be brought any Action, and to prefer and prosecute or order and direct the preferring and prosecuting of any Information or Indictment against any Person who shall dig up, break or pull down, steal, take, carry away, spoil, destroy* injure or damage the said Bridge or Roads, or any Part thereof respectively, or any of the Toll Gates, Turnpikes or Toll Houses, Weighing Engines, Buildings, or Lamps, or any of the Posts, Irons, cr other Furniture thereof, Bars, Toll Boards, Direction Boards, Milestones, Posts, Rails and Fences, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of the Materials, Tools or Implements, Matters or Things as aforesaid; and in all or any of such Actions or Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be sufficient to state generally, that such Bridge, Roads, Toll Gates, or Turnpikes, Toll Houses, Weighing Engines, Buildings, Lamps, Bars, Toll Boards, Direction Boards, Milestones, Posts, Rails, Fences, Materials, Tools or Implements, Matters or Things, is or are the Property of the Trustees for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near to the Mytbe Hill, within the Parish and near to the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, to the opposite Side of the said River, in the Parish of Bushley in the County of Worcester, and for making convenient Roads to communicate with such Bridge, within the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, without particularly mentioning or specifying the Name or Names of any of the said Trustees.

LXXX. And whereas it may happen that the said Bridge, after it shall have been completed, may receive such Damage by unforeseen Accidents that the Passage thereof may for a Time become dangerous or impracticable; be it therefore further enacted, That when and as often as it shall so happen, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and they are respectively hereby authorized, empowered, and required, from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall require, to provide a proper and convenient Ferry or Ferries across the [Local.] A a said

93

Bridge, Road, &c. vested in Trustees.

Trustees may provide temporary Bridge or Ferry in case of Accidents to the Bridge.

94 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

-said River Severn, or otherwise to erect and build a temporary Bridge at some Place or Places near to the Site of the said Bridge, and to demand, take, and receive for Passage over the said River Severn, by such Ferry or Ferries, or temporary Bridge, such and the like Tolls as are herein authorized to be taken for passing over the said Bridge, which shall be levied, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as the said Tolls are by this Act directed to be levied, recovered, and applied: Provided always, that such Ferry or Ferries or temporary Bridge shall continue for such Term and Time only as shall be necessary for repairing or rebuilding the said Bridge, and until the same shall be repaired or rebuilt, and until the Passage over the same shall cease to be dangerous or impracticable as aforesaid, and no longer.

Trustees may

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Cates To11 Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars which shall be erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Bridge and Roads, directed to be built, widened, improved, diverted, or kept in Repair by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, to be removed to and erected in, upon or across, or on the Side or Sides of such other Part or Parts of the said Bridge or Roads, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and direct; provided that none of the said Toll Gates or Toll Bars shall be removed as aforesaid, unless Notice of the Intention to remove the same shall have been affixed, Twenty-one Days at the least, upon all the Toll Gates then standing upon the said Bridge and Roads; and unless the Restrictions hereinbefore made with respect to the Erection of any Toll Gate or Turnpike on the Side of any of the said Roads shall be fully complied with and fulfilled.

Toll Houses,

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

&c^may be Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses to be erected by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and incase of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple j and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trusts, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Person or Persons from whom any Land on which

any

95

4° GEORGII IV. Cfljo.ii.

any such Toll Houses and Buildings may have been erected was purchased, as is herein-before directed to be given where any Piece of Ground or old Road not wanted for the Purposes of this Act, or the said recited Act, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to said Trustees to let to farm the Tolls of the several Gates to be erected in lease r°l s* pursuance of this Act or the said recited Act, for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, on giving or causing to be given Notice of the Time and Place for letting the same, at least One Month before the Day to be appointed for that Purpose, by affixing the same upon every Toll Gate or Turnpike erected by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, and also by Insertion thereof in some public Newspaper circulated in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester^ and specifying in every such Notice the Sum which the said Tolls produced in the preceding Year* clear of the Salary for collecting the same in case any hired Collector was appointed, and that they will let such Tolls by Auction to the best Bidder, on his producing sufficient Sureties for Payment of the Money monthly or otherwise, (as in such Notice shall be specified,) and that they will be put up at the Sum which they were let for or produced in the preceding Year clear of the Salary of the Collector; and to prevent Fraud or any undue Preference in the letting thereof, the said Trustees are hereby required to provide a Glass, with so much Sand in it as will run from one End to thq other in One Minute, which Glass, at the Time of letting such Tolls, shall be set upon a Tabid* and immediately after every Bidding, the Glass shall be turned, and as soon as the Sand is run out, it shall be turned again, and so for Three Times, unless some other Bidding intervenes j and if no other Person shall have bid until the Sand shall have run through the Glass Three Times, the last Bidder shall be the Farmer or Renter of the said Tolls so put up, and shall forthwith enter into a proper Agreement, with Two sufficient Sureties, for the taking thereof and paying the Money at such Times and under such Covenants as the said Trustees shall think fit; and if the Person so being the last Bidder shall not forthwith enter into such Agreement, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to put up, or cause to be put up, the said Tolls again immediately, and in like Manner to continue putting up the same until a Bidder shall be found who shall, with such Sureti&s, enter into such Agreement; and in case no Bidder shall offer, or the said Tolls shall not be let at such Auction, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to accept a private Tender for the same, and to demise or let to farm all or any of such Tolls at any Sum not less than the Sum at or for which they shall have been last let j or the said Trustees may appoint a Collector or Collectors of such Tolls, or fix some future Day for the letting thereof, as they shall judge most proper, upon giving such Notice thereof as aforesaid, and may in that Case put them up at such Sum as they shall think fit: Provided always, that at all Trustees to such Lettings the said Trustees may, if they think fit, appoint some Per- h.ave a Bid~ son to bid once for the same for them, to the Intent that such Tolls may ?in? at not be let for less than an adequate Value. Tolls? °

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Recovery of said Tolls shall be demised or let to farm, and the Lessee or Lessees, Toll Houses, Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms ^e" sees" and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let j or in case Lessee!’*

the

96

No Composition for Overweight.

Toll Collectors to put up their Names.

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall be in arrear by the Space of Three Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid pursuant to the said Agreement for letting to farm thereof j or in case the said Toll House or Toll Houses shall be in the Possession of any Collector or Collectors who shall be removed or discharged from his, her, or their Office of Collector, or shall depart this Life, then, and in either of such Cases, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County, Borough, Town, or Place in which any such Toll House may be situated, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order a Constable, or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of any Toll House or Toll Houses, and the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and to remove and put out such Lessee or Farmer of the Tolls arising thereat respectively, or such Collector or other Person having Possession of the said Toll House or Toll Houses, together with their respective Goods, Chattels and Effects, from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of the Tolls; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees (if they shall think fit) to vacate and determine the Contract or Agreement (if any) for demising or letting the said Tolls or Toll Houses to such Lessee or Farmer; and the same shall be from that Time utterly void, to all Intents and Purposes, (save as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment up to that Time of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other Covenants and Agreements on the Lessee’s Part which shall have been broken), as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected as if no former Demise, Contract, or Agreement had been made relative thereto, any Rule of Law or Right to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, their Lessee, Collector or other Officer, or any Person acting under any of them, to compound for or agree to permit or suffer any overweighted Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, subject to a Forfeiture or Penalty by reason of the Weight thereof, to pass or repass through any of the Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, without demanding and taking the full Fine or Penalty by this Act or the said recited Act inflicted upon such overweighted Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage; but every Contract and Agreement for such Composition for Overweight shall be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and every Lessee, Collector, or other Officer, entering into or agreeing to any such Composition, and every Person with whom any such Composition or Agreement shall be made or entered into, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons suing for the same.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Toll Collector, being Lessee of the said Tolls, or appointed either by the said Trustees or by any such Lessee or Lessees to collect the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, shall, and he or she is hereby required to place his or her Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters, in some conspicuous Part of the Front of the Toll House, immediately on his or her beginning to collect

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.u. 97

collect such Toll or coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length and of a Breadth in Proportion, and painted in Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he or she shall collect such Toll, or be upon such Duty; and every such Collector shall also place or cause to be placed on the Front of every Toll House at which such Collector shall be placed, the Board herein-before directed to be provided by the said Trustees, containing the usual Name of the Turnpike Gate where the Board shall be affixed, and also a List of the Tolls payable at such Gate, and of the several Gates cleared by Payment of Toll at the Gate where such Collector shall be stationed as aforesaid; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Boards respectively as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time he or she shall be such Collector as aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person than he or she shall be authorized to do by virtue of this Act, or of the Orders and Resolutions of the Trustees made in pursuance thereof, or of the said recited Act, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and who shall claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer any Person to read, or shall anywise hinder any Person from reading the Inscriptions on such Boards respectively, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on his being paid the said Tolls, or shall, in answer to such Demand, give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or neglect to give to any Person paying the Toll a Ticket denoting the Payment of the Toll, and naming the Toll Gate at which such Ticket is delivered, and the several Toll Gates (if any) freed by such Payment, or upon the legal Toll being paid or tendered, shall unnecessarily detain or wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Passenger from passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or shall make use of abusive or scurrilous Language to any Trustee, Traveller or Passenger; then and in every such Case, every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall belaid shall adjudge,and such Penalty shall be recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest, upon the Credit and Security of the Tolls to arise by virtue of this Act, in such Manner as they shall think proper, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum and Sums with Interest, they the said Trustees are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to demise or mortgage the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and all the Toll Gates, Toll Bars, and Toll Houses for collecting the same, during the Continuance of this Act (the Charge of such Mortgages to be paid out of such Tolls) as a Security or -Securities to any Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall at any Time advance any Money for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Money so to be advanced, with Interest for the same; which Mortgages shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say)#

[Local.'] Bb By

Power to

borrow

Money.

98 4° GEORGII IV. ii.

Form of T>Y virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Hi*

Mortgage. .« Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title

4 f this Act], We, whose Hands and Seals are hereunto subscribed and 4 set, being Three of the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, 4 in consideration of the Sum of

‘ Sterling, advanced and paid by A.B. of to

* the Treasurer to the said Trustees, do hereby grant and assign unto the said A.B. his [or her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for

* and during the Continuance of the said Act, such Proportion of the

* Tolls arising or to arise upon the said Bridge, Turnpike Roads, and the 4 Toll Gates, Toll Bars, and Toll Houses erected or to be erected for 4 collecting the same, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum now or hereafter to become due 4 and owing on the Security thereof; to have, hold, receive, and take 4 the said Proportion of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Toll Howes, and 4 Premises, with the Appurtenances, unto the said A.B. his [or her] 4 Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the Day of the Date 4 hereof, for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said 4 Sum of with Interest after the Rate of Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and

satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals, this 4 Day of in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees, for which Entry such Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Seven Shillings, and no more, out of the Tolls payable on such Bridge and Roads; and such Book and Books may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected by any of the said Trustees, or any Creditor of the said Trust, without Fee or Reward; but no more shall be borrowed on the Security of the Tolls than the Sum which shall be fixed upon by the said Trustees at the First or Second Meeting, to be held in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice for that Purpose be affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates erected by virtue of this Act and the said recited Act, at least Twenty-one Days before the Meeting for borrowing thereof, nor unless a Majority in value of the then Creditors shall consent thereto; and it shall be lawful for all Persons respectively, to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be from Time to Time entitled to the Money thereby secured, to assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest in and to such Mortgage and the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever; which Assignment or Transfer may be made in the following Words, or in Words to the like Effect, and be indorsed on such Mortgage or Security, or be underwritten or thereunto annexed, and signed in the Presence of and attested by One credible Witness or more; that is to say.

Form of ‘ J A.B. [or, I, C.D. Assignee, Executor, or Administrator of the Assignment. 4 within-named A.B. as the Case may happen], do hereby assign and 4 transfer this Mortgage Security, with all my Right and Title to the ‘ Principal Monies thereby secured, and all Interest now due and here-' after to grow due upon the same, unto E. F. of his [or her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this 4 Day of in the Year of our Lord 4 Witness to the signing hereof.*

; " 5

Which

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii. 99

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk of the said Trustees within Two Calendar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who shall enter the same in the said Book or Books, for which Entry the said Clerk shall be paid by the Person or Persons making such Transfer, the Sum of Seven Shillings, and no more; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of such Mortgage Security j and every such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the same, and so toties quoties, and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be last transferred, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators), to release, discharge, or make void the original Mortgage Security, or th?

Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in proportion to the Sum of Money thereby secured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, and on the said Toll Gates, Toll Bars and Toll Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference jq respect of Priority of advancing {heir Monies, or of the Dates of ^heir respective Securities or otherwise, except as herein-after mentioned; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend, pr be construed to extend, tQ charge or subject the said Trustees, or any other Perspp appointed fq receive the said Money, or any Part thereof, to any Payment of the same* by reason of their or any of their signing or sealing any such Mortgages, Assignments, or other Securities to be made in pursuance of this Act.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all, each, and every Persons compelling and Person, who have, or who shall hereafter subscribe their, his or her Payment of Names or Name to a certain Instrument bearing Date the Twenty-third S.ubscr,p-Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, purporting tions‘ to be an Agreement by certain Persons to advance and pay the Sum set opposite to their respective Names, shall be, and is and are hereby made liable to pay, and shall pay, the Sums so by them thereby set opposite to their respective Names; and in default of Payment thereof within Twenty-one Days after the same shall be demanded by the said Treasurer for the Time being of the said Trustees, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, to sue for and recover the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed j and such Instrument, although not having the proper or any Stamp affixed thereto, together with this Act, shall and may be received in and admitted as Evidence in all or any of the said Courts, upon the Trial of any such Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information; any Statute or Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the For paying said Trustees shall at any Time or Times be desirous of paying off any off Securities. Portion of the Principal Monies due and owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, (Notice of such intended Meeting, and of the Purposes thereof, being first given at least Fourteen Days preceding the same by Advertisement in some Newspaper usually circulated within the

100 4° GEORGII IV. CapM

said Counties of Gloucester and Worcester), if they shall think fit, instead of paying the same rateably among all the Creditors, to determine by Lot to which of such Creditors the Whole, or any Portion thereof, shall be so paid, and to pay the same to such Creditor or Creditors only, or to any of the Creditors, with the Consent of all the other Creditors; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Application XC. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Monies which ut Tolls and shall be received or borrowed under the Powers of this Act, or which M°ney to be arise or be produced by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act,

nrrovve the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required, in the first Place to pay and discharge the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the applying for, obtaining and passing of this Act, and in repaying all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been advanced by any Person or Persons whomsoever, together with Interest for the same respectively, after the Rate of Five Pourfds 'per Centum per Annum, from the Time such Expences were incurred, and Sums advanced, up to the Time of Payment; and also all Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and in making the Surveys, Plans, Sections, Elevation and Estimate of the said Bridge, Roads, and Avenues j and after full Payment thereof respectively, all the Money which shall arise or come into the Hands, Custody, or Power of the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, by virtue or for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act, shall from Time to Time be applied in building the said intended Bridge, and keeping the same in Repair, and in forming, constructing, improving, and completing the, Roads, Avenues, and Approaches by -* ' this Act directed to be made and improved, and in erecting and providing

Toll Gates or Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and othe.r Buildings, and in defraying all the necessary Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act, and in paying the Interest of, and also the Principal Sums of Money to be advanced or borrowed and secured on the Credit of the said Tolls, such last-mentioned Payment to be made, either rateably or by Lot, as the said Trustees shall think proper, "and in otherwise carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

I’ovTer to get XCI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur-Materials. Veyor or Surveyors to be appointed by the said Trustees, and for all such Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, take and carry away any Stones, Sand, Gravel, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Bridge and Roads, out of any Waste or common Ground, common River or Brook (not being within the Distance of Fifty Yards of any Bridge, Dam, Weir or Jetty), in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place adjoining the said Bridge and Roads, or in any adjoining ’Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place, without paying anything for the same, and without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, they the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or sloping down the Banks wherefrom such Materials shall be taken, and railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same shall not be dangerous to any Person or "Cattle, and paying or tendering for the Damage done by going through or over any inclosed Lands or Grounds for or with such Materials, such Damages to be ascertained as herein-after mentioned j and also that it

shall

101

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. il

shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, to search for, dig, get, gather and take away any such Materials in or out of the Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons, where the same may be had or found, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place, in which any Part of such Bridge or Roads shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place (not being a Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for such Materials, and for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands or Grounds where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the same shall be carried, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and also to land on and carry through or over any inclosed Lands or Grounds (not being a Garden, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), or on, through, or over any open Land or Common, any Stone or othej: Materials for building, making, or repairing the said Bridge and Roads, or either of them, or any Toll House on or by the Sides thereof, from any River, Stream or Canal, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place in which any such Bridge or Roads shall lie, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, Hamlet Or Place, paying or tendering for the Damage done in landing on. or going through or over any inclosed Lands or Grounds for or with such Materials, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyors, or other Person appointed or employed as aforesaid, .aind the Owpers and Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds, or any of them, concerning .such Payments and Damages as aforesaid, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Borough or Place, wherein the Place from whence such Materials shall have been taken shall be situate, on Ten Days Notice thereof being given, in Writing, by either Party to the other, shall hear, settle and determine the Matter of such Payments and Damages, and the Costs attending the hearing and determining the same.

XCII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take or carry away any Materials for making or repairing such Bridge or Roads, or for other such Purpose or Purposes aforesaid, out of or from any inclosed Land or Ground, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner and Occupier thereof, first had and obtained for that Purpose, or for want of such Consent, until Ten Days previous Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor of the said Bridge and Roads, shall have been given to the Owner or Owners of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or his, her, or their known Agent, or to the Occupier or Occupiers of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the House or last usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Occupier, to appear at a Time and Place therein to be named, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace, to be named in such Notice, acting in and for the County, Borough, or Place where the Lands or Grounds from whence such Materials are intended to be taken shall be situate, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had therefrom; and in case such Owner, Agent, or Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew suffi-[ Local.] C c cient

Notice to be given before Materials taken from private Lands.

102 4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.ii.

cient Cause to the contrary, such Justices shall, if they think proper,

authorize such Surveyor or other Person to dig, gather, take, get and

carry away such Materials, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner, Agent, or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or by his or her Agent, such Justices shall and may (upon Proof on Oath, or being of the People called Quakers, upon Affirmation, of the Service of such Notice) make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent had attended.

Penalty on XCIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall taking away take or carry away any Materials which shall have been gotten, dug or

Materia s. gathered for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act; or if any Person or Persons shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which have been made, dug or opened, for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Bridge or Roads, before the said Surveyor or his "Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale) \ every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Repositories XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they for Materials, are hereby empowered to purchase or rent any Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground, not exceeding in any one Place Six Yards square, on the Sides of or near to the said Bridge and Roads, as Repositories for Stone, Gravel, or other Materials for making or repairing the same; and in case any Difference shall arise between such Trustees and the Owner of such Land or Ground, with respect to the Value thereof, or the Necessity or Propriety of taking such Land or Ground, the same shall be settled and determined by any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Borough, or Place where any such Land or Ground shall be situate, in manner herein-before directed with respect to getting Materials for the Repair of such Bridge or Roads.

Preventing XCV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Annoyances. Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, from Time to Time, to remove and prevent all Nuisances and Annoyances on any and every Part of the said Bridge and Roads, by Timber, Stones, Carriages, Saw Pits or other Pits, Ashes, Dung, Filth, Rubbish, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, being laid, placed, or thrown upon any Part of the said Bridge or Roads, or upon any open Common or Waste Land, within Eighty Feet of the Centre of the said Roads, and to dispose of the same for the Benefit of the said Bridge and Roads, in case the Owner thereof shall neglect to remove the same within Twelve Hours after Notice in Writing or Print, signed by any Two of the said Trustees, or the Surveyor of the said Bridge and Roads, given to such Owner for that Purpose; or in case the Owner is not known, then after a like Notice affixed for Three Days on the nearest Turnpike or Toll Gate} and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks or Drains, running into, 8 along,

103

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

along, or out of the said Bridge or Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, deepen and enlarge, or to fill up and level any Gutter,

Ditch, Conduit or Watercourse adjoining or near to the said Bridge or Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, as shall be deemed most advisable for the Benefit of the said Bridge and Roads, and the Safety thereof, in case the Owner or Occupier of the adjoining Lands shall neglect so to do after Seven Days Notice in Writing given for that Purpose; and the Charges thereof, and of removing any such Nuisance or Annoyance as aforesaid, to be settled by any One Justice of the Peace or more, of the County, Borough, or Place where such Part of the said Bridge or Roads shall lie, shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor by such Owner or Occupier respectively, and the same shall be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered; and if, after the Removal of any of the said Nuisances or Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, such Person shall for every such Second and subsequent Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Repairing Trustees, and their Surveyors, and such other Person and Persons as shall Footpaths, be appointed by the said Trustees, to make and keep in Repair, or cause to be made and kept in Repair, any Footpath or Causeway for the Use of Foot Passengers, in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Bridge and Roads, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and also to make, or cause to be made, a Road through the Grounds adjoining to any ruinous or narrow Part of the said Roads (not being the Site or Ground whereon any House shall stand, nor being a Yard, Garden, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), to be made use of by all Passengers, Cattle and Carriages, as a public Highway, whilst the old Road is repairing, diverting, or widening, and until such Time as it shall be convenient for Passengers and Carriages to pass along the same; making such Recompence to the Owner and Occupier of such private Grounds respectively, for the Damage they shall thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case of any Difference concerning such Damage between such Owner or Occupier and the said Trustees, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County, Borough, or Place where such Ground shall be situate, on Fourteen Days Notice in Writing being given by either Party to the other, to settle, adjudge, and finally determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owner or Occupier respectively, for the Damages they shall have sustained as aforesaid.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall from Milestones Time to Time cause the said Bridge arid Roads to be measured, and to be set up. Stones or Posts to be placed in or near the Sides of the said Bridge and Roads, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Distance from any Town or Place 5 and also shall cause to be erected Direction Posts upon such Parts of the said Roads where the same are crossed or joined by other Roads, and Guide Posts, as they shall think proper, with Inscriptions thereon denoting to what Place or Places the said Roads respectively lead; and also to cause to be painted in legible Characters, on some Wall or Board, at the Entrance of any Town or Village, the

Name

104 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

Name of such Town or Village; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, cut down, knock down, pull up or damage any such Post, Stone, or Board, or shall obliterate, deface, spoil, or destroy any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or on any such Wall or Board, and be thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Borough or Place where such Offence shall be committed, by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath, (or being of the People called Quakers by the Affirmation) of One credible Witness or more, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

Penalty on XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Persons shall ride upon any Footpath or Causeway by the Side of or adjoining to committing the said Bridge or Roads, made or set apart for the Accommodation of Nuisances. Foot Passengers, or shall lead or drive any Horse, Beast or Swine, or any Carriage of any Description, or any Wheelbarrow, Truck or Sledge, or any single Wheel, or any Waggon, Cart or Carriage, apart therefrom, upon any such Footpath or Causeway, so as to cause any Injury or Damage to be done to the same, or the Balustrades, Hedges, Posts, Rails, or Fences thereof; or shall wilfully pull down or damage any Bridge, Arch, Wall, or any other Building or Erection made by the said Trustees; or shall haul or cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said Bridge or Roads, any Timber, Stone or other Thing (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages), or shall suffer any Timber, Stone or other Thing which shall be carried principally or in part upon wheel Carriages, to drag or trail upon the said Bridge or Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or shall use any Tipstick, Joggle, or other Instrument for the Purpose of retarding the Descent of any Waggon, Coach or other Carriage down any Hill, in such manner as to injure, destroy, or disturb the Surface of the said Bridge or Roads; or shall in or upon the said Bridge or Roads, or by the Side thereof, or in any exposed Situation near thereto, kill, slaughter, scald, burn, dress or cut up, castrate or slay any Beast, Swine, Calf, Lamb, Horse, Bull, Cow or other Cattle; or if any Person driving any Horse or other Beast on the said Bridge or Roads, carrying any Iron Bar or Rod, Basket or Pannier, or any other Matter or Thing which shall project more than Thirty Inches from the Side of such Horse or other Beast, or so as in any manner to obstruct or impede the Passage of any Person, or any Horse, Beast, or Carriage travelling along such Bridge or Roads; or if any Hawker or Higler, Gipsy, or other Person or Persons travelling with any Machine, Vehicle, Cart or other Carriage, with or without any Horse, Mule or other Beast, shall pitch any Tent, Booth, Stall or Stand, or encamp in, upon, or by the Sides of any Part of the said Bridge or Roads; or if any Blasksmith or other Person occupying a Blacksmith’s Shop, situate near the said Bridge or Roads, and having any Window, Light, or Door fronting the said Bridge or Roads, shall not every Evening after it becomes Twilight, shut, bar and prevent the Light from such Shop shining into or upon the said Bridge or Roads; or if any Person driving any Carriage upon the said Bridge or Roads, shall ride on the Shafts or other Part of the said Carriage without holding the Reins of the Horse or Horses, or meeting another Carriage shall not keep his or her Carriage on his or her Left or Near Side of the said Bridge or Roads, and also keep on the same Side himself or herself; or if any Person shall in any other manner wilfully prevent any other Person from passing him or

her*

105

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.ji.

her, or any Carriage under his or her'Care upon the said Bridge or Roads; or if any Person shall make, or assist in making any Fire or Fires, or shall set fire to, let off, or throw, or discharge any Squib, Rocket, Serpent or other Firework, Gun, Pistol, or other Fire Arm whatsoever upon the said Bridge, or within Eighty Feet of the Centre of the said Roads; or bait or run for the Purpose of baiting any Bull, or play at Football, Tennis, Fives, Cricket, or any other Game or Games on any Part of the said Bridge or Roads, or in any exposed Situation near thereto, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage upon or on the Side of the said Bridge, or within Thirty Feet of the Centre of the said Roads, longer than may be necessary to load and unload the same, except in Cases of Accident, and then for a longer Time than shall be necessary to remove the same, or shall not place such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, during the Time of loading or unloading the satne, or of taking Refreshment, as near to One Side of the said Bridge or Roads as conveniently may be, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Timber, Stones, Chalk, Marl, Lime, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Ashes, Rubbish, or other Matter or Tning whatsoever, upon the said Bridge or Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, or the Footways adjoining thereto; or shall plough, or dig or break up any of the Soil on the said Bridge or any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, or the Footpaths or Causeways adjoining thereto, between the said Roads and the Fences erected or to be erected on the Sides thereof; or shall plough, dig, or break up any of the Soil between any Parts of the said Roads and such Fences as aforesaid, for the Purpose of making Compost or Manure, or otherwise; or shall scrape off any Soil or other Thing from the said Bridge, or from the said Roads, or the Sides thereof; or shall take up and carry away any Scrapings thereof, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, Compost or Manure, from the Sides thereof, except such as may be lying in his or her own Ground, and be carried away without being brought over any Part of the said Bridge or Roads, or that the same may be done at such Times and under such Regulations as the Trustees or their Surveyor shall direct and order; or shall suffer any Water, Filth, Dirt, or other offensive Matter or Thing whatsoever, to run or flow into or upon the said Bridge or Roads, or Footpaths, from any House, Building, Erection, Lands or Premises adjacent thereto; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon such Roads, shall suffer them to root up or damage such Roads, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Banks or Copse, on either Side thereof respectively; or if any Person shall, after having blocked or stopped the Wheel of any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, in going up or down any Hill or rising or falling Ground, suffer to be or remain on such Bridge or Roads, the Stone, Block, or other Thing with which such Wheel was blocked or stopped; or if any Person shall puli down, damage, injure or destroy any Lamp, Lamp Post, or Iron, put up, erected, or placed on or near to the said Bridge or Roads, or on the Sides thereof, or in or on any of the Toll Houses or Toll Gates thereon, or shall extinguish the Light of any such Lamp; every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, over and above the Damages occasioned thereby.

\_Local.~\ D d XCIX. And

106

Maliciously destroying Toll Gates, &c.

Gates to open inwards.

Penalty on

damaging

Bridge.

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or maliciously pull down, pluck up, throw down, level, or otherwise destroy or damage any Turnpike Gate, Chain, Rail, Post, or Bar, or other Fence belonging to the said Bridge or Roads, and set up or erected to prevent Passengers passing without paying Toll, or any House to be erected for the Use of such Bridge or Roads, or any Weighing Engine; or shall forcibly rescue any Person being lawfully in Custody of any Officer or other Person for any of the Offences before mentioned; then, and in any of the said Cases, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall he transported to One of His Majesty's Plantations abroad for Seven Years, or in Mitigation thereof, shall suffer such Punishment as the Court may direct, as in Cases of Petit Larceny.

C. And be it further enacted, That no Door or Gate of any Building, Park, Paddock, Field, Ground or Inclosure whatsoever, shall be made to open into or towards any Part of the said Roads, or of any Footpath or Causeway belonging thereto, or be suffered to continue so to open, except the hanging Post thereof shall be fixed or placed so far from the Centre of any Part of the said Roads, as that no Part of such Door or Gate shall, when open, project over any Part of such Roads, or any Footpaths or Causeways belonging thereto; and every Occupier of any Building, Park, Paddock, Field, Ground or Inclosure, having any Door or Gate opening outwards, contrary to the Meaning of this Act, shall, within Fourteen Days after Notice to him, her or them given, either personally or in writing from the Surveyor of the said Roads, cause every such Door or Gate to be hung, so that no Part of the same when open shall project over any Part of the said Roads, or any Footpath or Causeway belonging thereto; and in default thereof, the Surveyor of the said Roads is hereby authorized to cause every such Door or Gate to be hung according to the Intention of this Act; and every Person guilty of such Neglect or Default shall, upon Complaint made to any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the County, Borough, or Place where such Neglect shall appear, and upon Conviction upon the Oath, (or being a Quaker upon Affirmation ) of One credible Witness or more, pay to such Surveyor such Sum as the said Justice shall direct, to defray the Expences of making the Alteration, and hanging every such Door or Gate; and shall also forfeit and pay a further Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for his, her or their Neglect therein, to be fixed by and at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully deface, injure or damage the said Bridge, or the Abutments, Piers, or Arches thereof, or any Part thereof, or any Work that shall be constructed thereon or be appurtenant thereto; or if any Person or Persons shall by or with any Line, upon or over the said Bridge, tow any Trow, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel through any of the Arches thereof, or shall lash, tie, or make fast any Cord, Rope, or Cable to the Balustrades, Cornice, or any other Part of the said Bridge, for the Purpose of mooring or staying any Trow, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel (except to such Rings or other Fastenings as shall be affixed to the said Bridge by the Direction of the said Trustees for that Purpose), or shall moor, stay or fasten, or cause to be moored, stayed or fastened, any Trow, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, within

7 the

107

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

the Distance of Fifty Yards of the said Bridge, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

CII. And be it further enacted, That the Owner, Master, Captain, or other Person having the Command of every Trow, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, lying or being in the said River Severn, shall be and is hereby made answerable to the said Trustees for the Amount or Value of any Damage or Injury that shall be done by such Trow, Barge or Boat or other Vessel, through the wilful, negligent, or unskilful Conduct of any Person belonging to or having the Care or Management of the same, to the said Bridge, or any of the Works belonging thereto; and the said Owner, Master, Captain, or other Person having the Command as aforesaid, shall for every such Damage, upon Conviction before any Justice of the Peace for the Counties of Gloucester or Worcester, or for the Borough of Tewkesbury aforesaid, either by Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or upon the Oath (or being one of the People called Quakers on Affirmation) of One credible Witness or more, pay to the said Trustees the Damages to be ascertained by such Justice, provided that such Damages do not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such Conviction; which Damages and Costs shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner, Master, Captain, or other Person having the Command as aforesaid, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; and the Overplus (if any), after such Damages and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, to such Owner, Master, Captain, or Commander; or if the said Damages shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Case such Owner, Master, Captain, or Commander shall or may be sued and prosecuted for the same in the Name of the said Trustees, or any One of them, or in the Name of their Clerk, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Master or Masters, Owner or Owners, or other Person having the Command of any Trow, Barge, Boat, or Vessel, shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damages by reason of any wilful Act, Neglect, or Default of his or their Trowmen, Boatmen, Servants, or other Persons employed by them, or any of them, such Trowmen, Boatmen, Servants, or other Persons employed, and each and every of them, shall be liable to pay such Penalty or Damage, with the Costs thereof, to such Master or Masters, Owner or Owners, or other Person as aforesaid; and in case of Non-payment thereof upon Demand, and Oath or Affirmation made by such Master or Masters, Owner or Owners, or other Person as aforesaid, of the Payment made by him or them of such Penalty or Satisfaction for Damages, and that the same and the Costs thereof have or hath not been repaid to him or them by such Trowman, Boatman, Servant, or other Person, or any of them, although demanded, such Oath or Affirmation to be made before any one Justice of the Peace for either of the said Counties of Gloucester or Worcester, or the Borough of Tewkesbury, the Amount thereof shall be recovered in like Manner as any other Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

Persons having the Command of Vessels answerable for Damage done to Bridge, 4c.

Masters of

Vessels may recover from Servants.

108 4° GEORGII IV.;

Statute Duty. CIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner in every Respect as they now are or heretofore have been; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place, within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Hamlets, Parishes, or Places in or through which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, to bring in Lists in Writing before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the Service of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place respectively are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of and as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of such Work to be done, whether with Teams or with Draughts or otherwise, as also the Amounts of the respective Sums to be paid; which List of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for Repair of Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may appoint and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyoi or Surveyors of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place for the Time being, to pay over to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of Public Highways j and any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or

Draught

109

4" GEORGII IV. ii.

Draught to work on the said Roads shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be so found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draughts had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towaiyls amending the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highway for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places respectively, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

CV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by him, her, or them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the Parishes, Hamlets, or Places in which the said Roads lie, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think proper and reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute Work or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, Hamlet, or Place, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, in Advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwise such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Inhabitants or Occupiers within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, shall not be permitted to compound for that Year; and all such Composition Money shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and that every such Surveyor of the Highways, who shall pay any such Composition Money; shall be reimbursed the same in like Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by the Laws in being to be reimbursed the Money by them laid out and expended in buying Materials for the repairing any other Highway.

CVI. And whereas the probable Expence of building the said Bridge and making the said Roads will, according to an Estimate thereof, amount to the Sum of Twenty thousand seven hundred Pounds, and the Sum of Sixteen thousand seven hundred Pounds, being more than Four-fifth Parts before the of such Expence, has already been subscribed for defraying such Expence Act is to be by several Persons, under a Contract, binding them, their Heirs, Executors, Put.int0 Exe" and Administrators, for Payment of the several Sums so subscribed by cution• them respectively; be it therefore further enacted, That the Whole of the said Sum of Twenty thousand seven hundred Pounds shall be subscribed [Loca!.~\ E e in

Statute Work may be compounded for.

The Whole of the Eati-mate to be

siihsnrihp.fi

no

Bridge, &c. to be conflicted in ive Years.

E

Fi

Contracts for Repairs.

For securing transient j Offenders.

Recovery and Application of Penalties and Forfeitures.

4" GEORGII TV. Cap. ii.

in like Manner before any of the Powers and Provisions given by this Act shall be put in force.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Trustees shall not within Five Years from and after the passing of this Act complete the said Bridge and Roads, so as to make the same passable for Horses and Carriages, then and from thenceforth all and singular the Powers and Authorities vested in them by this Act shall cease and determine to all Intents and Purposes whatever, save only as to so much of such Works as shall have been completed within the Time aforesaid.

GVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for widening, altering, diverting, improving, or repairing the said Roads, of any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Works in pursuance arid execution of this Act and the said recited Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money annually, or for a Term not exceeding One Year, as the said Trustees shall think proper and direct or appoint.

CIX. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act and the said recited Act by Persons unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put the same in Execution; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Clerks, Collectors, Surveyor, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons as shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and to take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, or such Offender or Offenders shall be seized and apprehended, and such Justice and Justices shall and is and are hereby required to proceed and act with respect to such Offender or Offenders according to the Provisions of this Act and of the said recited Act.

CX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines hereby or by the said recited Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying, recovering, and applying whereof is not herein or therein otherwise directed), shall upon Proof and Conviction of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or wherein the Offender shall be or reside, either by Confession of the Party or Parties offending or by Oath (or being One of the People called Quakers by Affirmation) of One credible Witness or more, be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant); and the Overplus (if any) after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, theri

it

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. ii. Ill

. .V

it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his, her, or their Appearance before such Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress,

(such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise); but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County,

Borough, or Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied j and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act or the said recited Act, shall be from Time to Time paid, one Moiety thereof to the Informer or Person suing for and recovering the same, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

CXI. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act or the said recited Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justices and Justice of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act or the said recited Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words (as the Case shall happen), or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

* J TJE it remembered, That on the Day of Form of

* to wit. J in the Year of our Lord Conviction.

* A.B. is convicted before me, One of His Majesty's

* Justices of the Peace for the said County [or Borough, as the Case may ‘ be] by virtue of an Act of Parliament of the Fourth Year of the Reign ‘ of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of

* this Act, and specify the Offence and the Time and Place when and where ‘ committed, and the Adjudication and Penalty] or by virtue of an Act of

* Parliament of the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George

* the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the General Laws now in being

* for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain and Ireland

* called England (as the Case may be.') Given under my Hand and Seal

* the Day and Year first above written.*

CXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Appeal shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Act (except under the particular Circumstances herein-after mentioned), and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed such Person, in case the Penalty or Forfeiture shall exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings where the Appeal is to be against a Conviction for a Penalty

or

112 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

or Forfeiture, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Borough, or Place in which the Cause of Complaint shall arise, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given to such Justice by whose Act or Acts such’ Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved. Notice in Writing of his or her Intention of bringing such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, within Six Days after the Cause of such Complaint shall arise, and within Four Days next after such Notice entering into Recognizances before some Justice of the Peace for such County, Borough, or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal and abide the Order of and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, and also to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture in case the Conviction shall be affirmed; and every Justice of the Peace having received Notice of any such Appeal as aforesaid, shall return all Proceedings whatever had before him respectively, touching the Matter of such Appeal, to the said Justices at their General Quarter Sessions aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting Fifty Pounds for every such Neglect; and the Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and such Recognizances having been entered into in Manner before directed, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper, to be levied and recovered as herein-before directed; and the Determination of such Justices at such Quarter Sessions shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes: Provided always, that in case there shall not be Time to give such Notice and enter into such Recognizances as aforesaid before the next Sessions to be holden after the Conviction of the Appellant, then and in every such Case such Appeal may be made to the next following Sessions, and shall be there heard and determined.

Mitigation CXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be law-

of Penalties. ful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act or the said recited Act, if he or they shall think proper, to mitigate or reduce the Penalty incurred by such Person, so as such Reduction or Mitigation do not exceed Two-thirds of the Penalty to which such Person would be liable under this Act or the said recited Act.

Recovery of CXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Prosecutor or Informer

Action or sue for an^ recover anY Forfeiture or Penalty imposed by this Act or

Information, the said recited Act, in the Manner herein-after mentioned, (that is to say), if the same shall be Twenty Pounds or upwards, it shall be recoverable by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which it shall be sufficient to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of being

forfeited by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act £ here set forth the Title of this Act]; or, being forfeited by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of the recited Act], as the Case may be; and the Plaintiff, if he recover in any such Action, shall have full Costs, provided that there shall not be more than One Recovery for the same Offence, and that Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing be given to the Party offending, pre-10 vious

113

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

vious to the Commencement of such Action, and that the same be brought within Three Calendar Months after the Offence for which such Action is commenced shall have been committed; and if such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not amount to Twenty Pounds, the same shall be recoverable only by Information before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, subject to Appeal in manner herein-before mentioned. A

CXV. And be it further enacted, That no Order made, touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act, or the said recited Act contained, or of any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act or the said recited Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio9 on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done or committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage, if any, in an Action on the Case; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity or wrongful Proceeding before such Action commenced; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant in any such Action, by Leave of the Court in which such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judgment shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Oath or Affirmation is by this Act or the said recited Act required and directed to be made or taken, the Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place, or the said Trustees (as the Case may be) according to the several Jurisdictions hereby given to them respectively as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered to administer the same.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Act, under the Direction or Authority of the said Trustees, until Fourteen Days Notice in Writing thereof shall be given to the Clerk to the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the De-ia j" Local.'] Ff ii fendant

Certiorari not allowed.

Justices empowered to administer Oaths.

Limitation of Actions.

114

Geuerallssuc.

Treble Costs.

Trustees may allow Expences of Indictments, &c.

In case of Non-payment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of \he Goods of the Trustees or their Treasurer.

4" GEORGII IV. CapAL

fendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall or may, at his, her, or their Election, plead specially, or the General Issue Not Guilty, and at the Trial thereof give this Act and the said recited Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Matter or Thing complained of shall appear to have been made under the Authority and in Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice in Writing given thereof as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought and laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at any Meeting to be held pursuant to the Directions of this Act or the said recited Act, may and they are hereby empowered to order and direct Prosecutions by Indictment, Action, or otherwise, against the Offender or Offenders, for any Nuisance or other Offence done, committed, or continued, in or upon the said Bridge or Roads, or to recover any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred under the Provisions of this Act or the said recited Act, at the Expence of the Revenues belonging to the said Bridge and Roads.

CXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum of Money shall be directed or ordered, by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, to be paid in pursuance of the Directions of this Act or the said recited Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act or of the said recited Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil or Ipjury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment ot such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences

• 4° GEORGII IV. ii. 115

of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees or their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the Commene*. First Monday next after the passing hereof, and shall continue and be in ment and • force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to Continuance the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 0 4 ,s ct*

[Public Act.]

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

116

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

GENERAL STATEMENT of the Income and Expenditure of the Bridge and Roads called The Tewkesbury Severn Bridge and Roads, between the Day of

and the Day of.

EXPENDITURE. . £ s. d. INCOME. £ s. d.

To Surveyor’s Account of Day Labour between the Day of and the Day of for Maintenance and Repair of Bridge and Roads - - To Surveyor's Account of Team Labour, between the Day of and the Day of - To Surveyor’s Account for Work executed by Contract 'rV; By Balance in Treasurer’s Hands By Amount of Rents received from the Lessees, or Tolls received from Gate Keepers, between the Day of and the Day of By Amount of Statute Labour received from all the Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, through or into which the said Roads run -

To Surveyor’s Accounts for Repairs or Maintenance or building Houses, Gates, or Bridges To Surveyor’s Account for Land purchased or for Damage done - To Surveyor’s Account of Rent of Quarries By Amount of Money borrowed and now due on Security of the Tolls (if any) By incidental Receipts

To Salaries and other Payments to Clerks, Surveyor, and other Officers -

To printing, advertising, and stationery

To Payments for the Use of the Room for Trustees to hold their Meetings in

To Interest of Debt

To incidental Charges

s& £

GENERAL STATEMENT OF DEBTS AND CREDITS.

Ou account of the Amount of £ s. d. Arrears of Rents or Tolls due £ s. d.

Debt bearing Interest and not received

On account of Interest due Interest or other Money due : ’

On account of floating Debt on account of the Bridge and Roads ...

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1825.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lii.

An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the Town and Borough of Darlington, in the County of Durham.

[24th March 1823.]

WHEREAS the Town and Borough of Darlington, in the County of Durham, (through which the Great North Road passes) is of considerable Extent, and a Place of great Resort: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Accommodation, Safety, and Convenience, not only of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, but of all Persons resorting to or travelling through the same, if the Streets,. Lanes, and other public Passages and Places were properly cleansed, lighted,.watched^ and otherwise improved, and if certain Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions were removed, and Provision made for preventing the like in future; but as such Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid: and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That George Allan, John Allans John Arden, Thomas Allan, Richard Atkinson Clerk, Thomas Backhouse, Jonathan Backhouse, Jonathan Backhouse the younger, William Backhouse, James Backhouse, John Backhouse, William Backhouse the younger, John Baxter, William Bell, Robert Botcherby, John Botcherby, [Local.] G g Thomas

Commissioners.

118

Limits of the Act.

Appointment of new Commissioners.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.m.

Thontas Bowes, Jacob Brantingham, William Gascoigne Brantingham, George Bainbridge Brown, Thomas Buttery, Richard Carlisle, Ralph Child, Thomas Chilton, Thomas Clark, Anthony Colling, Robert Colling, William Crowe, Thomas Craddock, William Emmerson Dennison, John Dinsdale, John Dixon, Robert Dixon, Christopher Dove, William Dove, John Dove, James Dove, Samuel Forster the younger, Joseph Forster, Thomas Forster, Charles Gollop, William Gray, Robert Harrison, William Henderson, Perkin Hinde, Thomas Horner, Thomas Horner of Northgate, George Horner, Ralph Horner, Ralph Horner the younger, Christopher Hird, Thomas Haw, Richard Hodgson, John Jans on, William Jans on, Francis Kipling, William Kitching, Richard William Johnston, John George Lambton, Harrington Lee, William Lee, George Dixon Light foot* William Lightfoot, David Mac Keown, Francis Mewburn, George Middleton, Robert Middleton, William Ord, John Peacock. Doctor of Medicine, Thomas Pease, Edward Pease, Joseph Pease, Joseph Pease the younger, Isaac Pease, John Pease, the Perpetual Curate of Darlington for the Time being, John Beaumont Pease, Richard Pickers gill, Nathaniel Plews, William Pomfret, Thomas Pomfret, John Pomfret, Joseph Porter, George Proven, James Rickaby, William Rids dale, Lawrence R'idsdale, Jervis Robinson, Thomas Pickering Robinson, John Robinson, John Robinson of Northgate, William Robson, Thomas Rumford, William Rumford, William Rymer, Pinckney Simpson, Thomas Simpson, Henry Frederick Smith, Jeremiah Savage, William Skinner, William Skinner the younger, John Holt Skinner, Ralph Smith, John Smurthwaite, Thomas Smurthwaite, George Spencer, Thomas Spencer, Robert Stephenson, George Storrow, Richard Scott, John Taylor, Anthony Thistlewaite, Humphrey Thompson, Joseph Thornton, Thomas Todhunter, Edward Todhunteri John Tolson, James Toutmin, James Treriholm, John Tweddle, John Turner, William Walterr, Bright Wass, James Watson, Riehcerd Wilson, and Robert Wilson, and the several other Persons from Time to Time to be elected and appointed in-Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the said Town and Borough of Darlington, and for putting this Act into* Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Limits of this Act shall for all the Purposes thereof be deemed and taken to comprise the whole of that Part of the Town and Borough oB Darlington which is within the Censtableries of Darlington Bondgate, and of Darlington Borough, and of Priestgate and Prebend Row; and for the Purposes of this Act the whole of such Constableries shall be considered to be within the Limits of the Town and Borough of Darlington.

llL And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Commissioners appointed or hereafter to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, shall die, or shall refftse, neglect, or become incapable to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and so often it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners under this Act, or any Five or more of them, assembled at the then next or some subsequent Meeting which shall be held by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby required, (the Death or Refusal, Neglect to act, or Disability of the Commissioner or Commissioners so dying* or refusing, neglecting, > . > or

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii. 119

or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and the intended Election of his or their Successor or Successors, being expressed in the Notice or Summons for such Meeting), to elect and appoint a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, or refusing, neglecting or becoming incapable to act as before mentioned; and every such new Commissioner so from rime to Time elected and appointed as hefein-before is directed shall be joined with the other Commissioners, and have the like Powers and Authorities vested in him in all Respects whatsoever, for putting this Act in Execution, as if he had been named a Commissioner in and by this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualification, be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act unless he be a Householder resident within the said Town or Borough of Darlington, and shall really and bond jide be possessed of Real or Personal Property, or both Species of Property taken together, amounting to the Value of Eight hundred Pounds above Reprizes; nor shall any Person be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscribed before One or more of the said Commissioners, (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same), an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say).

* J A, B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm], That

* I am really and bond jide possessed of Real Property [or of Personal ‘ Property, or of Real and Personal Property added together, as the 4 Case may be~\ amounting to the Value of Eight hundred Pounds above ‘ Reprizes; and that I will faithfully, truly, and impartially, according to 4 the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform all and every 4 the Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a Commissioner by virtue 4 of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled, An Act, ls?c. [here set forth the Title of this ActJ.1

'So help me GOD.’

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person not penalty 0n appointed a Commissioner by this Act, or not having taken and sub- Commission scribed the Oath, or being a Quaker the Affirmation, hereinbefore men- ersacting tioned, or not being otherwise duly qualified, shall nevertheless presume n0ti^eIjS to act as a Commissioner for putting this Act in Execution, every such qua 1 et' Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and every Person so prosecuted, or against whom such Action shall be brought, shall prove that he was at the Time of acting qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person has acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, though not qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such

Conviction,

Commissioners, being Justices, may act.

Meetings of Commissioners.

i?

Adjourn-

ments.

IHDfftitt'fi

4° GEORGII IV.

Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such of the said Commissioners as are or shall be Justices of the Peace to act as such in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners, except in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet in the Town Hall in Darlington aforesaid, or at some other convenient Place there, on the Second ’Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon afterwards as conveniently may' be; and the said Commissioners shall proceed in the Execution of this Act, and shall afterwards meet at the same or some other convenient Place in Darlington aforesaid, on the Second Tuesday* in the Months of January, April, July, and October in every Year, for the Purpose of carrying'this Act into Execution, without any Notice being,given tQ the said Commissioners' of such Meetings.,

VIII'. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be* lawful for the said Commissioners assembled at such Meetings, or any One of them, to adjourn for any shorter Space of Time, and to meet at the Place aforesaid, or at any other convenient Place in Darlington> aforesaid, but in every such Case Notice of such adjourned Meeting in Writing or Prints, to which Notice the Name of the Clerk of the said Commissioners shall be subscribed or printed, shall be fixed on the Market Cross in Darlington aforesaid, and also be delivered at the Place of Abode of such of the said Commissioners as shall be resident in Darlington aforesaid, at least Two Days before the Time appointed Tor the same; and at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, the said Commissioners shall defray their own Expences ('except for the Use of the Room or Apartment where such Meetings shall be held, which shall be paid for out of any Monies to be received by virtue of this Act), and no Act of the said Commissioners shall be valid unless-made or done at some Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act; and that all Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the/ Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by or by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time be exercised by the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings, to be holden as aforesaid, the Number of such Commissioners present not being less than Five, except only in the Cases herein mentioned as requiring a greater ^.or less Number of them; and that in all Cases the said Commissioners •shall vote by Ballot in case the same shall be desired by any Three or more of the said Commissioners then present; and in all Cases where the Number of Votes upon any Question shall be equal (including the Chairman’s Vote) the Chairman shall have the casting Vote; and at every Meeting to be held under or in pursuance of this Act, the first Business thereof shall be the Election of one of the Commissioners present to be Chairman, to preside at the same »Meeting.

8

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting of the said Commissioners, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day to which such Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by or under an Order in Writing signed by any Two or more of such Commissioners, or for any Two or more of such Commissioners (although not assembled at a Meeting), to call a Meeting of the said Commissioners, to be held at such Time and Place within the said Town of Darlington as they shall think proper, by Notice in Writing, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such Meeting, (such Time not being less than Seven Days after Publication of such Notice), and all the Proceedings of the said Commissioners at such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Commissioners had met in pursuance of an Adjournment, but no other Business shall be proceeded upon but what shall have been specified in such Notice.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said Commissioners shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless at a Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless a greater Number of Commissioners shall attend at such Meeting to revoke or alter such Order than were present when such Order was made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, in which fair and regular Entries shall be made of all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of the Commissioners who shall be present at the respective Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act; and such Entries, being signed by the Chairman of each respective Meeting, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and elsewhere, concerning any thing done in pursuance of this Act; and such Book and Books shall at all Meetings of the said Commissioners be open and liable to their Inspection, and to the Inspection of all Persons affected by this Act, without Fee or Reward.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to order and direct a Book or Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out and expended in the Execution of this Act, and the several Articles, Matters and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out and paid, which Book or Books shall at all reasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Commissioners, and any Creditor or Creditors on the Rates hereby authorized to be made, without Fee or Reward; and the said Commissioners and Creditors shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the Clerk shall refuse to permit, or

[Local.'] Hh shall

121

Meetings on Emergencies*

No Order to be revoked, unless by a greater Number of Commissioners than made the Order.

Proceedings tobe entered in a Book.

Accounts to be kept.

122 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

shall not permit any of the said Commissioners or Creditors to in-> spect such Book or Books, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Appointment

XIII. And be it further enacted, 'f’hat the said Commissioners shall

of Officers. and may from Time to Time, whenever they shall think necessary, by

Writing under their Hands, appoint and employ a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the' Rates, Assessments, and Monies herein mentioned, and such other Officer and Officers, Person and Persons for the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and from Time to Time remove them, or any of them, and in like Manner appoint others in the Room of those removed; and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, pay such Salaries, Wages, or Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable j and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer for the due Execution df his Office as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands (at such Time and Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct), deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge, and of all Monies which shall have been received by such Officers and Persons respectively by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been disbursed and paid, and for what Purposes, together with the Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or wilfully neglect to make and render any such Accounts, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within len Days next after being thereunto required by the said Commissioners by Notice in Writing, signed by their Clerk, to be given or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer or Person, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, and to give Satisfaction respecting the same, then in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or by any Person or Persons whom they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town Corporate or Place wherein such Officer or Person so neglecting or refusing shall reside or be, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Officer or Person so refusing or neglecting to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, without some reasonable Excuse to be allowed by such Justice, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Money which shall have been

collected

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.nl 123

collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be due from’ such Officer of Person, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Person can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and selling such Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer or Person shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render or give such Account, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relative to the Execution of this Act shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer or Person, and he shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the Borough, County, City, Town Corporate, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he; shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with such Commissioners for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition, which the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive, and until he shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or shall have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners 5 Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed by virtue of this Act, on account of his not having sufficient Goods or Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Term than Six Calendar Months:

Provided also, that if any Money shall remain due from such Officer or Person, Officers or Persons, the Commitment of him or them to Prison shall not be deemed a Discharge for the same, nor exonerate his or their Surety or Sureties; but such Officer or Person, Officers or Persons, and his and their Surety or Sureties, shall remain liable to the Payment thereof in the same Manner as if such Officer or Person had not been committed to Prison.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Receiver Appointment of Monies to be levied by the Authority of this Act shall die, or become of Officers incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act, it shall and may in case of

be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more Deatln

of them, though not assembled at a Meeting in pursuance of this Act, by any Writing under their Hands, to appoint any Person to be Collector or Receiver of the Monies until a Collector or Receiver shall be appointed by the said Commissioners at a Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Clerk and be lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint the same Person who Treasurer to may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, be different or the Partner of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes rer8°n»* of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer to be the Clerk to the said Commissioners for executing this Act; and if any Person shall act in both the ...

Capacities

124

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person, being the Partner of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Commission-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners appointed ere to sue and to be appointed by and under this Act shall and may sue and be sued, !ind be ued and take all Bonds or Securities in the Name or Names of their Treasurer of the Clerk? or Treasurers, or Clerk for the Time being to be appointed under this Act, or either or any of them; and that no Action or Suit which may be brought by or against the said Commissioners, or any of them, in relation to this Act, in the Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk, or by the Act of him or them, without the Consent of the said Commissioners (as the Case may be), but the Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk for the Time being, shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, (as the Case may be) : Provided always, that all and every such Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk, shall be reimbursed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and reasonable Expences as he or they shall be put unto or become charged or chargeable with by reason of his or their so being made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants as aforesaid; provided that the Action or Defence shall be prosecuted, or carried on and continued (as the Case may be) with the Consent of the said Commissioners.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any Action to be brought by the said Commissioners against the Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk for the Time being, the same shall be commenced and prosecuted in the Name of One of the Commissioners for executing this Act; and that no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by reason of the Death or Resignation, or by the Act of such Commissioner, without the Consent of the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, but that such Commissioner in whose Name any such Action shall be brought shall be deemed to be the Plaintiff in every such Action, and shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Damages, Costs, Charges, and Expences as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made such Plaintiff as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, for the Purpose of lighting the Streets and other public Passages and Places of the Town and Borough of Darlington aforesaid, from Time to Time and

at

Commissioners empowered to cause the Streets, &c. to be

Actions against Clerk and Treasurer to be brought in the Name of a Commissioner.

i ' ’ ' (

4° GEORGII IV. CapAii.

at such Time or Times as they shall think fit, to purchase and provide such and so many Glass Lamps, of such Sorts and Sizes, and such and so many Lamp Irons and Lamp Posts, and all such other Materials and Things for lighting such Lamps either by Oil or Gas, or in any other Manner as they shall judge necessary, and to direct the same to be affixed and set up on or against the Walls and Palisadoes of all or any of the Houses, Tenements, or Buildings or Walls in any of the Streets and other Public Passages or Places in the Town and Borough of Darlington aforesaid, or in any other Manner they shall think proper and convenient, and from Time to Time to take or cause the same to be taken down, altered or removed, when and so often as they shall think fit, and to cause such Lamps or any of them to be lighted at such Seasons of the Year, and on such Evenings, in such Manner, and at such Hours of the Evening, and to be kept burning for so many Hours, as shall to them the said Commissioners seem necessary or proper for the well and sufficient lighting of all or any of the Streets and other Public Passages or Places in the Town and Borough of Darlington aforesaid: Provided always, that if any Injury or Damage shall be occasioned to any Rails, Palisadoes, Building or Wall, by the affixing, setting up, taking down, altering, or removing any such Lamp or Lamps, or any Lamp Iron or Lamp Irons, or other Fastener thereof, or by laying down, taking up, altering, or repairing any such Works as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall immediately cause such Injury or Damage to be well and sufficiently repaired, and to defray the Expences attending the same out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act.

125

lighted, and to purchase Lamps.

Commissioners to repair Damage done to Walls or Rails by affixing or altering Lamp Irons.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty for wilfully break, take away, throw down, or otherwise destroy or damage wilfully any Lamp or Lamps already erected, or which shall be erected by or by ^reuk'ng the Order of the said Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons at s‘ his or their own Expence, for the Purpose of lighting any of the said Streets or other Public Passages or Places, or any Post, Iron, or Cover, or Furniture thereof, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights of or in any such Lamp or Lamps, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Durham, and he is hereby required upon Complaint to him made by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses of any such Offence having been committed, to issue a Warrant for apprehending the Party or Parties accused j or it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, who shall see such Offence committed, to apprehend, and also for any Person or Persons to assist in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County; and on the Party or Parties accused being brought before such Justice, such Justice shall and he is hereby required to proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either on his, her, or their Confession, or upon such Evidence as aforesaid, then and in every such Case he, she, or they shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall besides make a full Satisfaction [Local.'] I i (to

126

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

(to be ascertained by such Justice) to the said Commissioners or other Party injured, for the Damage so done; and in Case such Offender or Offenders shall not upon Conviction pay such Penalty by him, her, or them iriturred, and also such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby authorised, empowered, and required to commit such Offender Or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Satisfaction as aforesaid shall be sooner paid.

Penalty for

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall negligently carelessly, negligently, or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise breaking destroy or damage any such Lamp or Lamps, or any Post, Irori, Cover, or

ampb. Furniture thereof respectively, and shall riot upon Demand make Satis-

faction for the Damage done, then arid in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, arid he is hereby required, upon Complaint made thereof by any Person* to summon before him the Party 0i* Parties complained of for doing such Damage; and upon his, her, or their appearing, or making Default to appear. Oath being made that the Party complained against had been served with such Summons, or that the same had been left at his, her, or their usual Dwelling or last Place of Abode, (if known), such Justice shall proceed to examine the Cause of such Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either Upon Confession of the Party or the Oath of any credible Witness* shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party or Parties complained against for the Damage so done to the said Commissioners, or other Owner or Owners of such Lamp or Lamps, as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable; and in case the Sum so awarded shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner as any Firie or Penalty can of may be levied and recovered by virtue of this Act.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to light or cause to be lighted the several Streets and other Public Passages and Places in the Town and Borough of Darlington aforesaid, or such of them as they shall think proper, either with Oil Lamps or by means of Gas or Inflammable Air, as the said Commissioners shall think fit* and to direct what Part or Parts of the said Town and Borough shall be lighted with Oil, and what Part or Parts by means of Gas or Inflammable Air; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Company or Companies of Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, to light the same by means of Oil or Gas or Inflammable Air, in such Manner, and upon or under such Terms and Conditions, Stipulations and Agreements, as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and in case it shall be determined to light all or any of the said Streets and other Public Passages and Places in the Town and Borough of Darlington aforesaid with Gas or Inflammable Air, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to break up or authorize to be broken up the Soil and Pavement of any of the Footways or Carriageways of any such Street or other Public Passages and Places, and permit to be dug,

9 ‘ L sunk.

Commissioners empowered to cause Streets, 8tc. to be lighted with Oil or Gas.

4° GEORGII IV. iii. 127

sunk, and constructed Trenches, and Pipes, and Stopcocks, Plugs, or Branches, and all other Works and Machinery to be laid down and made by any Company or Companies of Proprietors, or other Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners may contract for the Conveyance of the said Gas or Inflammable Air, for the Purpose of lighting the several Streets and other public Passages and Places in the Town and Borough of Darlington aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, and from Time to ,■

Time to permit and suffer such Pipes, Stopcocks, Plugs, or Branches,

Works and Machinery, to be altered, varied, and repaired; but nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to carry, lay, of fix, or continue any Pipe or Pipes, or other Thing for the Conveyance of the said Gas or Inflammable Air, through or against any Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or public or private Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner and Occupier of every such Dwelling House or Building respectively first had and obtained for that Purpose; and nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to authorize or empower the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to lay or carry any Pipe or Pipes in, through, over, or upon any private Lands or Grounds without the Consent of the Owner and Owners, and Occupier and Occupiers first had and obtained for that Purpose.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Commission-may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, in case they shall deem ers may erect it expedient to light the said Streets and other public Passages and Places ^J^Gas8l° in the Town and Borough of Darlington aforesaid with Gas or Inflammable themselves. Air, (without contracting for the same), and for that Purpose to erect or cause to be erected Gasometers, Cisterns, Pillars, and all the other necessary Apparatus to produce, conduct, supply, and receive such Gas or Inflammable Air, in such Manner as they shall think expedient and necessary; and for that Purpose to take or rent from any Person or Persons any Building or Buildings, Erection or Erections, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Town and Borough of Darlington aforesaid, (who shall be willing to let the same), or to purchase of any Person or Persons any Building or Buildings, Erection or Erections,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Town and Borough of Darlington aforesaid, not exceeding Three Acres, (who shall be willing to sell or dispose of the same), to erect and make such suitable Buildings thereon for the manufacturing of Gas or Inflammable Air as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, and Works to be the Person or Persons with whom they shall or may contract, shall and they inspected are hereby required to have the said Works inspected at least Twice in Twice in every Year by One or more such experienced Person or Persons as evei7Year* aforesaid, to see the same are in a fit State, and properly conducted and managed; and in case of any Error, Want of Repair, Insufficiency or

other Management being pointed out, to cause the same to be forthwith corrected, amended, and repaired according to the Opinion of such Person or Persons as aforesaid.

128

Commissioners empowered to let out Gas Lights, in case they light the Streets themselves.

Penalty on using more Gas than contracted for.

Service Pipes to be kept fully charged with Gas.

To prevent the escape of Gas.

4° GEORGII IV.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall deem it expedient to erect such Gas Apparatus, and to light the said Streets and other public Passages and Places in the Town and Borough of Darlington aforesaid, with Gas or Inflammable Air, without contracting for the same as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, after sufficiently lighting the said Streets and other public Passages and Places as aforesaid, to let out or grant to any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be willing to take the same, any Light or Lights, or Argand, Cockspur, Batwing or any other Kind of Burner or Burners, and to supply the same with Gas or Inflammable Air, upon such Terms and Conditions, and at such Annual Rents for the same, and in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think proper : Provided nevertheless, that all Money to proceed therefrom or arise thereby be in the first place applied to defray the Expences of the Gas Apparatus and other Things connected therewith; and if there shall be any Overplus, then the same shall be applied generally for the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall enlarge the Aperture of any such Burner or Burners, so as to consume a larger Quantity of Gas than such Burner or Burners would otherwise consume, every such Person or Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Branch or Service Pipes which shall or may be put down by the said Commissioners for lighting the Streets and other public Passages and Places in the Town and Borough of Darlington aforesaid, shall be kept fully charged with Gas, and the Stopcocks shall be so turned as not to impede or prevent the said Branch or Service Pipes being completely filled with Gas during the Time the same shall be lighted.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or set up by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, the said Commissioners shall, immediately after receiving Notice by Parol or in Writing of any such Escape of Gas, from any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough of Darlington, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Commissioners shall not within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice, by Parol or in Writing, being given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of Complaint, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each and every Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of giving any such Notice, during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid; which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recoverable in a summary Way, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Information, to be laid and exhibited before some One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, and shall and may

be

129

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

be recovered and levied, with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Commissioners, by Warrant of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Ingredients the said Commissioners, or for any other Person or Persons whomsoever, usd m a" to carry or convey, or cause to be carried or conveyed, any Washings G^no^t'o^e or Liquids, or any Lime, or other Ingredients, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, conveyed which shall arise or be produced in manufacturing or producing any Gas into any or Inflammable Air whatsoever, in or by the prosecuting of any of the Rivers» &c-Gas Works, into any River, Pond, Ditch, Brook, or Canal, or into any Sewer, Conduit, or other Place whatsoever, by which it may ultimately be carried or conveyed into any River, Pond, Ditch, Brook, or Canal.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Body Penalty for Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons whomsoever, shall at any copying Time drain or convey, or cause or suffer to be drained or conveyed, or to jntoVnv* run or flow, any Washings or other Waste Liquids, Substances, or Things River, whatsoever, which shall arise or be produced in the Prosecution of the Stream, &c. said Gas Works, or in the Manufacture or Process of making or procuring such Gas, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct,

Feeder, Pond, Springhead, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or do or cause to be done any Annoyance, Act, or Thing, to the Water contained in any such River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, or Springhead,

Well, Drain, Sewer, or Ditch, then and in every such Case the Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and the whole thereof shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same: Provided always, that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable unless the same be sued for within Twelve Calendar Months from the Time of such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing shall have ceased and determined: Provided also, that over and above, and in addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds (and whether such Penalty shall have been sued for or recovered or not), in ease any of the said Washings or other Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things, shall be drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in Manner aforesaid into any River, Brook, or running Stream, or any Reservoir, Aqueduct,

Waterway, Feeder, Pond, Springhead, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or any such Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given by any Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to the Person or Persons so offending, and such Person or Persons shall not* within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice shall have been given to • ' \LocalJ\ K k 1 them

130

This Act not to prevent Commissioners being proceeded against for a Nuisance, &o.

Commissioners may purchase Lands of Bodies Corporate, &c.

4° GEORGII IV.

them or him as aforesaid, stop, hinder, or prevent all and every such Washings, W^ste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things, from being drained, conducted, or conveyed, or from running or flowing in Manner aforesaid, and every such other Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing from being done as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each and every Day such Washings, Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things, shall be so drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in Manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be so done or caused to be done as aforesaid; and such last-mentioned Penalty shall and may be recovered and levied in such and the like Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is in and by this Act directed to be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Informer, or to the Person or Persons who in the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Conviction shall take place, shall have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage by any such Act so done or committed.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding by Indictment or otherwise against the said Commissioners, or against any of their Officers, Servants or Workmen, in respect of any Works of the said Commissioners, or the Means which shall be by them used in maintaining, making, or preparing the said Gas or Inflammable Air, or in using the same, as a public or private Nuisance.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the said Commissioners to construct or make Gasometers and other necessary Works, and to erect any Manufactory or Manufactories for the Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the salt) Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, with their Appurtenances, which they shall deem necessary to purchase for the Purposes of this Act (not exceeding the Quantity of Three Statute Acres in the whole); and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons whomsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for or on Behalf of the Person or Persons entitled in Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy after them, and for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Femes Covert, Infants, or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be possessed of or interested in any such Lands,^ 1 enements, Hereditaments, or Premises, to contract with the said Commissioners for the Sale thereof j and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, without Fine or Recovery, and shall be a complete Bar to all Estates Tail and other Estates, Rights, Titles Trusts,

io and

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.\i\. 131

and Interests whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, Custom, or other Matter to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees,

Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be any Money Directing to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, Application purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the MoVc^when Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or amountingTo Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Tenant for Life or in Tail, 200*. an<T Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Feoffee, Committee, Executor, Admi- upward*, nistrator, or other Person as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for lighting, cleansing, and watching the Town and Borough of Darlington, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as any Five or more of the said Commissioners shall by Writing signed by them direct or appoint, to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or affecting other Lands,

Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises standing and being settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, which shall be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said High Court of Chancery, upon an Application made thereto as aforesaid, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises so hereby directed to

be

132

Directing Application ot Purchase Money when less than 2001. and exceeding 2 01.

Directing Application ot Purchase Money not exceeding 20/.

Expences of Purchases may be allowed by the Court.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were then actually made.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Feoffee in Trust, Committee, Executor, Administrator, or other Person as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cases of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, (to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) to be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends to arise therefrom, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any such Money so to be paid as last before mentioned (except as aforesaid) shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises so to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in cases of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Coun to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or of so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

4° GEORGII IV. iii.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances and Assur-

ances of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises to be made to the said Commissioners, shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following •, (that is to say),

4 T [or we, as the Case may be] of

* in Consideration of the Sum of to me [or us,

4 or otherwise, as the Case may be] paid by the Commissioners appointed

* under or by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign ‘ of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act ], do hereby grant and release [or assign, as the Case 4 maybe] to the said Commissioners and their Successors, all [here describe 4 the Premises to be conveyed] and all my [or our] Right, Title, and Interest in and to the same, and every Part thereof $ to hold to the said Commissioners and their Successors for ever, [or as the Case may be] during 4 all the Remainder of my [or our] Term, Estate, and Interest in the said Premises. In Witness whereof, I [or we] have hereunto set my 4 Hand and Seal, [or our Hands and Seals] this Day

4 of in the Year of our Lord

e »

XXXVII. And whereas the said Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act may purchase Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, which may be found inconvenient or unnecessary, or not wanted for the Purposes thereof; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture or Indentures to grant and convey, by way of absolute Sale in Fee Simple, for a Consideration in Money, all or any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises which may have been so purchased, and which shall be inconvenient or unnecessary, or shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and to purchase other Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises in lieu thereof, by virtue of the Powers herein-before contained; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by or from the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or of any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners to sign and give a Receipt or Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipt or Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Money therein and thereby expressed or acknowledged to be received; and such Person or Persons having bond fide paid the same shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof, or be bound to see to the Application of the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons, and to purchase or hire any Cart or Carts, or other Carriage or Carriages, and also any Horse or Horses, for the Purpose of cleansing and watering the several Streets and other public Passages and Places in the Constableries of Darlington Bond-gate, and of Priestgate and Prebend Row aforesaid, and of carrying away the Dust, Dung, Manure, Dirt, and Soil thereof; or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to contract with any

133

Sales and Conveyances to be made.

Form of Conveyance.

Resale of Lands inconvenient or not wanted.

Commissioners to direct Streets to be cleansed.

134

Commissioners may contract to cleanse the Constablery of Darlington Borough.

Commissioners not to be personally answerable for Nonperformance of Contracts.

Inhabitants to sweep Pavements opposite to their Houses,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

Person or Persons for cleansing and watering the same, and for carrying away the Dust, Dung, Manure, Dirt, and Soil thereof, upon such Terms and Conditions as they shall deem necessary, and to do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things for carrying such Contracts into complete Execution as they shall think proper.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to contract with the Owner or Owners or Lessees for the Time being of the Market Tolls of Darlington aforesaid, in such Manner and upon such Conditions as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, to enable them the said Commissioners, by such Means as aforesaid, to cleanse and water, or to cause to be cleansed and watered, the several Streets and other public Passages and Places in the Constablery of Darling• Ion Borough aforesaid, and to carry away the Dust, Dung, Manure, Dirt, and Soil thereof: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to establish or confirm the Right of the Owner or Owners, or the Lessees of the said Tolls, to the Dust, Dung, Manure, Dirt, and Soil within the said Constablery of Darlington Borough, or to deprive any other Person or Persons of his, her, or their Claim to such Dust, Dung, Manure, Dirt, and Soil.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Contract which shall be made by the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes of this Act shall be binding upon the said Commissioners as Individuals or in their private Capacity, nor shall any of the Commissioners personally, or their respective Estates, be answerable for or subject to the Payment of any of the Mortgages to be granted in pursuance of this Act j and that all Money which shall be expended by or recovered against any of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons employed by them, by Means of any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or Appeal, to be brought by or against them or any of them, touching the Execution of this Act, shall be borne and defrayed by and out of the Money which shall come to the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend to exonerate or discharge any of the said Commissioners, their Houses, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, or Effects, from the Payment of the Rates or Assessments to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons occupying Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Shops, Warehouses, Yards, Gardens, or Stables, in any of the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Town and Borough of Darlington, shall sweep and cleanse or cause to be swept and cleansed the Footways, Paths, and Pavements, the whole Length of the Front of their respective Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Shops, Warehouses, Yards, Gardens, or Stables, to the full Extent of the Foot-pavement before the same, between the Hours of Seven and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, Once or oftener in every Week, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time order and require; and also in Times of Frost or Snow shall cause all the Ice and Snow to be swept and removed from such Foot-pavements from Time to Time within Two Hours after they shall

135

4* GEORGII IV. iii.

shall be required so to do by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, upon pain of forfeiting and paying any Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Neglect therein.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being of each House or Building fronting the Street, and the Footpath of the Front whereof is or shall be flagged or paved by virtue of the Directions of this Act, shall, within Twenty Days next after Service of any Order or Direction for the Purpose, signed by Nine or more of the said Commissioners, on him, her, or them personally, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, put up and place, and for ever afterwards keep in Repair and Condition, a Spout of the whole Length of such Front, with a Pipe or Trunk to be fixed to the Front or Side of such House or Building, from the Roof down to the Ground, to carry off or conduct the Water from the Roof of such House or Building in such a Manner that such Water shall pass underneath the Flagging or Foot-pavement into the common Channel, and so as not to fall upon or incommode the Persons passing over or along the flagged or paved Footway; and every Tenant or Occupier of any such House or other Building, except Houses or Buildings held on Lease granted for any Term of Twenty-one Years or upwards, who shall put up or place any such Spout, Pipe, or Trunk, or keep the same in repair, shall be entitled to deduct and retain out of the Rent payable to the Owner or Proprietor, or Owners or Proprietors of such House or Building, so much Money as such Tenant or Occupier shall have expended in putting up or placing, or in keeping in repair, any such Spout, Pipe, or Trunk; and the Payment of such Expences by any such Tenant or Occupier shall be sufficient Discharge for him, her, or them, for so much of his, her, or their Rent as the Amount of such Expences shall be equal to, and shall be abated and allowed to him, her, or them by the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors of such House or Building, out of such Rent; and if any such Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall for the Space of Twenty Days after Service as aforesaid of any such Order or Direction, neglect to put up or place, or neglect to repair any Spout or Pipe or Trunk as aforesaid, then and in any and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause any such Spout, Pipe, and Trunk to be put up or placed against any such House or Building, at the Expence of the Owner or Proprietor thereof; and in case any such Owner or Proprietor shall refuse to pay such Expences, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by the said Commissioners by the same Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for levying and recovering the Rates and Assessments hereby granted, and as the Rates and Assessments by this Act granted may be levied and recovered.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Slaughterhouse, Hogsty, Necessary-house, or other noisy, noisome, or offensive Building or Place whatsoever, or any Stone-yard in or near any of the said Streets and other public Passages and Places, shall (upon Complaint made to the said Commissioners by any of the Inhabitants or Persons residing therein) be deemed a Nuisance to any such Inhabitant or Person, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by Notice in Writing under

Water from the Roof of Houses to be carried off by Spouts and Pipes.

Slaughterhouses, Hog-s ties, and other Erections to be removed, if deemed a Nuisance.

136

Offensive Substances to be removed between certain Hours.

For preventing Cattle, Swine, &c. straying in the Streets.

4° GEORGII IV. iii.

under the Hands of any Nine or more of the said Commissioners, or under the Hand of their Clerk for the Time being, to order any such Nuisance or Offence to be removed; and in case the same shall not be removed within Fourteen Days next after such Notice given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the same, or for or on whose Behalf the same is carried on, or left at his, her, or their last usual Place of Abode, such Person or Persons shall pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Day the same shall continue unremoved after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in such Notice.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall hereafter empty or cause to be emptied any Slaughterhouse, Privy, or Necessary-house, within the said Town and Borough, or carry or cause to be carried any of the Soil or other offensive Substances thereof, through any of the Streets or public Passages and Places within the said Town and Borough at any Time of the Year between Lady Day and Michaelmas, except between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Evening and Eight of the Clock in the Morning, or at any Time of the Year between Michaelmas and Lady Day, except between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Evening and Ten of the Clock in the Morning; or if any Person or Persons shall lay or cause to be laid in or upon any of the said Streets or public Passages and Places any Night Soil or other Filth, or shall suffer the same to remain there longer than may be necessary for removing the same, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, diat nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to prevent the carrying or causing to be carried of any Ashes, Dung, or other Manure, through such Streets and other public Passages and Places at any Hour or at any Time or Times whatever.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Ass, Mule, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle, shall be found straying in any of the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Town and Borough, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers appointed by the said Commissioners to impound any such Horse, Ass, Mule, Swine, Beast, or Cattle found straying as aforesaid, in the Common Pound which shall be made or erected by virtue of this Act, or in such other Place as shall be provided from Time to Time for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, and to detain the same in such Pound or Pounds or other Places as aforesaid, until the Expence of impounding and keeping the said Cattle in Pound shall be fully paid and satisfied; and if in any such Case the said Expences shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Horse, Ass, Mule, Swine, Beast, or other Cattle shall be so impounded, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, to cause the same to be sold, after giving Three Days Notice of such intended Sale by the Town Crier or Bellman; and the Costs and Charges of impounding and keeping such Horse, Ass, Mule, Swine, Beast, or Cattle in Pound, and of selling the same, shall be defrayed by such Sale, and the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising by such Sale shall be paid to the Owner or Owners of the said Horse, Ass, Mule, Swine, Beast, or Cattle, upon Demand.

io

4° GEORGII IV. iii.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall release or attempt to release any Cow, Horse, Ass, Swine, or other Live Stock or Cattle which shall be seized for the Purpose of being impounded under the Authority of this Act, from the Pound or Place where the same shall be so impounded, or shall pull down, damage, or destroy the same Pound or Place, or any Part thereof, or any Lock or Bolt belonging thereto, or with which the same shall be fastened, or shall rescue or release or attempt to rescue or release any Distress or Levy which shall be made under the Authority of this Act, until or before such Cow, Horse, Ass, Swine, or other Live Stock or Cattle seized or so impounded, or such Distress or Levy so made, shall be discharged by due Coufse of Law, every Person so offending shall, upon Conviction thereof before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, either upon the Confession of the Party or Parties offending or upon the Oath of One credible Witness (and which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), be committed by such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, either by themselves or their Servants, Workmen, or others, shall, upon any of the present or future Pavements or Flagging of the Streets and other public Passages and Places now made or built within the said Town and Borough, and used as a Footway, run, draw, drive, or carry thereon any Truck, Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Bier, Handbarrow, or Carriage whatsoever, or roll any Cask or Tub (other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof), unto, upon, from, or out of any Carriage or Carr, or wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse or other Beast or Cattle of any Kind whatever, on any of the said Pavements, Flagging, or Footways, or wilfully permit or suffer any Horse or other Beast or Cattle which such Persons may be riding, driving, or loading to go thereon, or shall tie or fasten any Horse or other Beast or Cattle to any House, Wall, Post, Tree, or any other Thing whatsoever, across any of the said Pavements or Footways; or if any Person shall in any such Streets and other public Passages and Places as aforesaid, sell or expose to sale any Horse, Ass, Pig, Sheep, Bull, Cow, or other Beast or Cattle in any Part of the said Town and Borough aforesaid (except in any public Market or Fair), or burn, dress, or cleanse any Cork, or hoop, fire, cleanse, wash, or scald any Cask or Tub, or empty any of the Contents of such Cask therein, or set or place any Furniture, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or any Cask, Tub, Box, Pail, Bucket, Stool, Bench, or Stall on or in the said Pavements, Flagging or Footways, or erect, set up, or place any Blind, Shade, Coverlid or Awning, or any other Matter or Thing in the Front of or before any House, Shop, or other Building, so as in any way to cause an Obstruction or Impediment in the Pavements, Flagging, or Footways; or bind, make, or repair any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage, or Wheels, Bodies, Springs, or other Part of any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage, in any of such Streets and other public Passages and Places, (except such Carriages as may want immediate repairing from \Local.~\ M m \ any

137

Punishment of Persons guilty of Pound Breach.

For preventing Annoyances in the Streets.

138

4’ GEORGII IV. CapM.

any sudden Occident on the Spot, pr which, cannot conveniently be removed for that Purpose); or shoe, bleed, or farry any Horse or Beast, (except in Cases of Accidents,) or clean or dregs any Horse or Beast therein, or exercise any Horse or Beast therein, or turn loose therein any Horse, Ass, Sheep, Bull, Cow, Swine, Goat or other Beast, or any Bulb dog, Mastiff, or other ferocious Dog of any other Species, not being muzzled, or suffer the same to wander or be at large in any of such Streets and other public Passages and Places, or shall permit or suffer any Dog whatsoever to go at large therein after any public Notice given by the Town Crier or Bellman, during such Time as such Notice shall direct Dogs to be confined on account of any Suspicion of the Existence of Canine Madness; or if the Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Sledge, Wheels, or other Carriages, or Part of a Carriage, shall in any Part of the said Town and Borough ride on the Shafts, or in or on any Part of such Waggon, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage, or Part of a Carriage, without Reins, or on any of the Horses or Cattle drawing the same; or if any Person or Persons having the Care thereof, or driving any Wagr gon, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage on Wheels, shall not readily and promptly turn out of the Road on meeting Horses and Carriages, so as to leave a proper and sufficient Quarter for such Horses and Carriages; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carr riage, in any of the said Streets and other public Passages and Places, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the Left or Near Side of the said Streets and other public Passages and Places; or if any Person or Persons shall drive any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage in such Manner as to prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or them; or if any Person riding any Horse or Beast, or driving any Carriage of any Sort or Kind, shall ride or drive the same furiously, or so as to endanger the Lafe or Limbs of any Passenger; or iB case the Owner or Driver of any Cart, Waggon, Dray or other Carriage, shall suffer the same to remain in such Part of any of the said Streets and other public Passages and Places as shall not be more than Fiye Yards wide, with or without Horses, longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading thereof, and in any other Part of the said Streets and public Passages and Places for more than One Hour, or shall suffer any Stage Coach, Diligence, Post Chaise, or other Carriage let to hire, to remain longer than may be necessary for the taking up or setting down of pny Passenger or Passengers, or for loading or unloading their Baggage; or if any Person or Persons shall draw (except in or on some Carriage) any Timber, Block or Blocks of Wood or Stone, or other heavy Materials, in, upon, or through any of the aforesaid Streets and other public Passages and Places to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall let off or fire any Musket, Gun, or Pistol, or other Fire Arms, (except in case of Necessity for Self-defence), or make any Bonfire, or let off or throw any Cracker, Squib, Rocket, or other Fireworks, or occasion any other Kind of Obstruction or Annoyance in or upon any such Streets and other public Passages and Places, or slide upon any Pavement, Flagging, or Footway, or by standing, loitering, or remaining on any Pavement or Footway or Causeway without some reasonable or good and sufficient Cause, or by any other Means shall obstruct or incommode, hinder or prevent the free Passage of any Footway or Causeway, or prejudice or annoy any Person or Persons travelling, passing, or going thereon;

8 -j or

4V GEORGII IV. Cfljo.iii. 139

or if any Person or Persons sT all throw, cast, lay or sift any Ashes,

(except in the Time of Frost only and to prevent Accidents), or any Coal, Stones, Lime, Bricks, Mortar. Timber, or other heavy Substances,

(except Stones. Lime. Bricks, Mortar, Timber, or other Materials used for Building, which shall be placed and inclosed in manner herein mentioned, so as to prevent any Mischief happening to Passengers,) or any Dung, Soil, Filth, Rubbish, Refuse of Garden Stuff, Blood, Offal,

Carrion, or any other offensive Matter or Thing, in any of such Streets and other public Passages and Places; or if any Person or Persons shall hang up, place, or expose to sale, or cause or permit to be hung up, placed, or exposed to sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever, or any Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff, Butcher’s Meat, or other Matter or Thing, in or upon or so as to project over or upoji the Foot or Carriageway ot such Streets and other public Passages and Places, or beyond the Line of or on the Outside of the Window or Windows of the House, Shop, or Place at which the same shall be so hung up or placed er exposed to sale, or so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage thereon; or if any Person or Persons shall, except between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Evening and Eight of the Clock in the Morning, kill or slaughter, or singe, scald, or dress any Beast, Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or other Cattle, either wholly or |n part, in any Shop or other Place adjoining and exposed to any of such Streets and other public Passages and Places; or if any Person or Persons shall cause or permit any Blood, Filth, or other offensive Matter to run from any Slaughterhouse, Butcher’s Shop, Hogstye or Dunghill, into any of the said vtreers and other public Passages and Places; or fix up any Flower Pot or Bow Pot or Pots at any Window or Windows, without sufficiently guarding the same, so as to prevent their being blown or thrown down; or leave open (after Sunset) the Door or Window, Grate or other Covering of any Cellar or other under-ground Apartment or Room, or of any Area in any of the said Streets and other public Passages and Places, without having placed or left a sufficient Light to warn and prevent Persons from falling into such Cellars or other underground Rooms or Apartments or Areas; or bait or cause to be baited any Bull, Bear, or other Animal, or throw at any Cock or Fowl, in the Manner called Cock Throwing, or set up any Cock or Fowl to be thrown at in any such Manner, or play at Football, or any other Game or Games, to the Annoyance of any Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, aid or abet or assist in wilfully breaking any Glass or Window Panes or Windows in or belonging to any Dwelling House or Building, or shall throw or cast any Animal or Carcase, or other Offal or Filth, into any public or private Well, Pump, Pool, or Reservoir for Water, within the said 1 own and Borough; or if any Person or Persons shall commit any other Kind of Obstruction, Nuisance, or Annoyance in any Part of such Streets and other public Passages and Places y each and every Person so offending in any of such Cases, or the Owner or Proprietor of any such Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage, Goods, Matter, or Thing aforesaid, as the case may be, (in any of such Cases where the Person actually offending cannot afterwards be found or discovered), shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds*

140

Lamps, Lamp Posts, &c. vested in Commissioners.

Penalty on

damaging

Materials.

Watchmen to be appointed.

4 GEORGII IV. Cap. in.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Gasometers, Paving-Stones and Pipes, and all the Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Posts, Watch Boxes, Warehouses, and other Houses and Buildings which shall be erected or fixed up by virtue of this Act, and all Materials,. Implements, and other Matters and Things which shall be purchased or provided by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and also all the Dirt, Dust, Dung, Ashes, and Filth to be swept, gathered^, and collected in and from the several Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Constableries of Priestgate and Prebend Row> and Dar-lington Bondgate, or any of them, shall belong to and be the Property of and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners j and the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as- the Case may require) against any Person or Persons who shall take, steal, or carry away, detain, spoil, injure or destroy the several Articles and Things hereby vested in the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively it shall be and be deemed and taken to be sufficient to state generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment shall be preferred, is or are the Property of the Commissioners for the Improvement of the Town and Borough of Darlington, without particularly stating or specifying the Names of all or any of the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to sell and dispose of, for the Purposes of this Act, all or any of the said Articles and Things, or any Part or Parts of the same respectively, to any Person or Persons and in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall think proper.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break, injure or destroy, or otherwise damage any of the Articles or Things hereby vested in the said Commissioners, or any of the Works done by them in pursuance of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, to appoint such Number of Watchmen and Patroles to be employed within the said Streets and other public Passages and Places, for so long in the Night, with such and the like Powers and Authorities as are or may be vested in Constables and other Peace Officers, for and during such Time as they are acting as such Watchmen and Patroles, and under such Regulations and for such Wages as they shall think proper, and to provide them with proper Arms, Ammunition, Weapons, and Clothing for the Discharge of their Duty; and also to erect Watch Houses and Watch Boxes in such Place or Places as they may think proper j and if any V atchman or Patrole appointed as aforesaid shall neglect to perform his Duty, or shall in anywise misbehave himself in the Execution of his Office, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii. 141

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of a Penalty oa Public House shall knowingly or willingly harbour or entertain any ^rbouriwr Watchman, to be employed under or by virtue of this Act, or permit Watchmen, or suffer any such Watchman to remain in such his or her Public House, during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty as aforesaid, every such Victualler or Keeper of a Public House shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LII. And for raising Money to enable the said Commissioners to carry Rates to be the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, be it further enacted, made*

That One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be laid or assessed by the said Commissioners once or oftenerin every Year, as they shall judge it needful, upon the Messuages, Tenements, Houses, and other Buildings, Yards, Gardens, and Tolls of-Fairs and Markets for the Time being, within the said Town and Borough of Dariington or the Precincts thereof, in any Sum not exceeding in the Whole Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound in any One Year, of Two-third Parts only of the annual Value to let for the Time being of such Messuages, Tenements, Houses, and other Buildings, Yards, Gardens, and Tolls respectively; and the Money so to be rated or assessed shall from Time to Time be levied upon and paid by the Tenant or Occupier of such Messuages, Tenements, Houses, and other Buildings, Yards, Gardens, and Tolls respectively, by Quarterly or other Payments, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint to be Collector or Collectors of the same, to be by him or them paid over to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Commissioners.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That One Half Part One Half of of the said Rates or Assessments herein-before directed or empowered ,.atet°^e to be levied upon Messuages, Tenements, Houses and other Buildings, Landlord to Yards, and Gardens, shall be borne by the respective Landlords or Pro- Tenant, prietors, and the other Half Part thereof shall be borne by the respective Tenants or Occupiers of such Messuages, Tenements, Houses, and other Buildings, Yards, and Gardens, to be rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, but the Whole of such Rates or Assessments shall nevertheless from Time to Time be paid to the Collector or Collectors appointed or to be appointed in manner directed by this Act by the respective Tenants or Occupiers of the said Messuages, Tenements, Houses and other Buildings, Yards, and Gardens so rated or assessed by virtue of this Act; and all such Tenants or Occupiers shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain out of their respective Rents such Sums of Money as they shall respectively pay as aforesaid for and on behalf of their respective Landlords, and all such Landlords are hereby respectively required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of their respective Rents.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Lessee, Landlord, or Owner Lessees of of every House within the said Town or Borough of Darl\ngton> which Houses let to is or shall or may be let out ready-furnished to a Lodger or Lodgers, Lodger8 to shall be liable or subject to the Rates or Assessments directed by this pay ates' Act to be made, raised, and levied according to Two-third Parts of the yearly Value of the Premises $ and that every Person renting or occupying [Local.] N n any

142

Poor Persons not to be assessed.

Mode of charging Houses let in separate Apartments,

Poor Rate may be inspected.

Rate Book Evidence.

4° GEORGII IV. CapMl

any such ready-furnished House as aforesaid shall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the said Rates or Assessments, not exceeding in any case the Amount of the Rent reserved or payable for the same, to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned; and that every such respective Occupier or Occupiers who shall pay any such Rate or Assessment, or from whom the same shall be recovered in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the same from and out of his or her next Rent, and the Lessee, Landlord, or other Person or Persons who shall be in the actual Receipt of the Rack or improved Rent of such House is and are hereby required to allow the same accordingly; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, for so much Money as he, she, or they shall pay, or shall be levied on him, her, or them by virtue of this Act.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, who by reason of his, her, or their Poverty or Inability only is, are, or shall be excused from the Payment of or shall be left out of the Rates and Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Town and Borough of Darlington, shall be subject or liable to be rated or assessed in any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act.

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any House or Tenement shall be divided into or let or occupied in Two or more separate Tenements or Apartments, or where the same shall be let under the yearly Rent of Five Pounds, or shall be occupied by any Person or Persons who shall by reason of his, her, or their Poverty be excused from Payment of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish or Township wherein he, she, or they shall reside, or who on that account shall not be charged with such Poor Rate, the same respectively shall nevertheless be subject to the Rates or Assessments granted by this Act; and the Landlord or Proprietor of every such House or Tenement shall be assessed to and liable to pay the said Rates or Assessments granted by this Act, and shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed to be the Occupier thereof.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, having an Order under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, to inspect and take Copies of or Extracts from all or any of the Rates made for raising Money for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor within the Town and Borough of Darlington aforesaid; which Inspections, Copies, or Extracts the Person or Persons having the Custody of such Rates respectively are hereby required to permit and suffer to be made without Fee or Reward, upon Production of such Order; and in case any Person having the Custody of any such Rates shall neglect or refuse so to do within Three Days after such Order shall have been produced and shown to him, or a Copy thereof left at his usual Placebf Abode, he shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Book of Rates to be delivered to the Collectors or other Officers to the said Commissioners, and all Entries afterwards made therein, or examined Copies thereof respectively, being signed by any Three or more of the said Com-

7 '; missioners,

143

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

missioners, shall be received as Evidence of the Rates imposed by virtue of this Act, and of the Payment of such of them, or any Part thereof, as shall by such Entries appear to have been paid to such Collectors.

LIX. And for the better enforcing Payment of the Rates or Assess- Arrears of ments to be made by virtue of this Act, be it further enacted, That if how

any Person or Persons liable to pay any of the Rates or Assessments to be reco"

made by virtue of this Act shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated or assessed upon him, her, or them, and all Arrears due thereon, or if any Person or Persons liable to pay any of the said Rates or Assessments shall at any Time begin to remove his, her, or their Goods, Chattels,

Furniture, Cattle, or other Effects from the Messuage, Building, Land,

Tenement, Hereditaments, or Premises, in his, her, or their Occupation within the said Town or Borough of Darlington, or to sell and dispose of, or cause to be sold or disposed of, such Goods, Chattels, Furniture,

Cattle, or other Effects therein by Public Auction, or sell, dispose of, or carry away his, her, or their Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Cattle, or other Effects as aforesaid, without first paying all Arrears due or rated in respect of such Messuage, House, Building, Lands, Tenements, Tolls, Hereditaments/or Premises, (including the current Quarter which shall be considered as due), then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the Collector or Collectors, for the Time being to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, to collect and levy such Rates and Assessments and all Arrears due thereon, and the Rate or Assessment for such Quarter wherein such Removal or Sale shall begin to be made as aforesaid, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, (although previous to the Time for the Payment of the Rare or Assessment for such Quarter), by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Durham, by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, Furniture, and other Effects of or belonging to the Person or Pers' ns whose Rate or Rates shall then be due or payable as aforesaid; and if within Four Days next after such Distress shall be made, the said Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of taking and keeping the said Distress shall not be paid, the said Collector shall cause the said Goods, Chattels,

Furniture, Cattle, and other Effects to be appraised and sold, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient to pay such Rates or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Costs and Charges of making such Distress and of keeping and selling the same, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods,

Chattels, Furniture, Cattle, and other Effects respectively.

LX. And for the more speedy and effectual raising of Money for the Commission-Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for era may bor-the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered from Time to row M°ney* Time to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand Pounds at any one Time, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments hereby granted, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or assign over the said Rates or Assessments, or any Parts thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Money so to be borrowed, together with

Interest

144

Form of the Mortgage.

T

Money may be raised on Annuities.

Form of Grant of Annuity.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

Interest for the same; and every such Mortgage or Assignment may be according to the Form following; (that is to say),

‘ 'OY virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, £sfr. [here set

1forth the Title of this Act], We, being

‘ of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act,

* in Consideration of the Sum of Pounds paid to us

* by A.B. [insert the Name, Place of Abode, and Addition of the Lender], ‘ for the Purposes of the said Act, do grant and assign unto the said A. B.

* his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the

‘ Rates or Assessments arising by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum ‘ of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which is or

‘ shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments; to c be had and holden from this Day until the said Sum of

* Pounds, with Interest henceforth for the same, at the Rate

‘ of Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid Half-yearly,

‘ shall be fully repaid and satisfied. In witness whereof we have here-

* unto set our Hands and Seals this Day of

« in the Year of our Lord

And every such Mortgage or Assignment shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, provided that the whole Sum to be charged on the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments shall not at any Time exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds: Provided always, that in case the said Commissioners shall think it advisable to raise all or any Part of the Money necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, by the granting of Annuities for the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to grant any Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of every such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money; and the Grant of every such Annuity may be made in the Form or to the Effect following j (that is to say), *

* T> Y virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King

‘ George the Fourth, intituled An Act, &c., [here set forth the Title of ‘ this Act], We being of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of paid to us by A.B. [insert the Name,

‘ Place of Abode, and Addition of the Lender ] for the Purposes of the said Act, do hereby grant unto the said A. B., his Executors, Administrators,

* and Assigns, One Annuity or yearly Sum of Pounds out

‘ of the Rates or Assessments arising by virtue of the said Act, which ‘ Annuity or yearly Sum of shall be paid to

* the said A.B., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, at the Town

‘ House in Darlington aforesaid, Quarterly, upon the Day

* of the Day of the

* Day

4° GEORGII IV. iii. 145

* Day of and the Day of in every

« Year during the natural Life of; the First Payment

‘ thereof to be made upon the Day of next

« ensuing the Date hereof. In witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals this Day of in the

‘ Year of our Lord .*

And every such Grant shall be a good, valid, and effectual Security in Annuities Law for the Payment of such Annuity; which said several Annuities so upon

to be purchased shall be made payable and be paid quarterly during the 1 ts‘ natural Lives of such Contributors respectively, or the natural Life or Lives of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by such respective Contributors; and a proportionate Part of each Annuity shall be paid from the last Quarter Day Payment to the Day of the Death of the Annuitant, or his or her Cestuique vie; and the said Commissioners shall pay the said Annuities, freed and discharged from every Tax and Deduction whatsoever.

LXI. And for preventing any improvident Grant or Annuities under Rate of this Act, be it further enacted, That no Annuities shall be granted by virtue AnnuittM cm of this Act, for any single Life, at any higher Rate than the following; lifted. 1?C* (that is to say), when the Age of the Annuitant or the Person for whose Life the Annuity shall be granted, shall not exceed Thirty-five Years, the Annuity to be granted shall not exceed the Rate of Eight Pounds Three Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money paid for the Purchase thereof; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Forty Years, the Annuity to be granted shall not exceed Eight Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of such Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Forty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Fifty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds Twelve Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Fifty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money j where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Eleven Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Sixty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Twelve Pounds Seventeen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Fifteen Pounds One Shilling for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; and where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Seventy-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Eighteen Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners Powertobor-can at any Time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a row Moneyat lower Rate of Interest than the Mortgages, Assignments, or Securities lowerlnterest which shall be then in force shall bear, it shall be lawful for the said securities^* [Local,'} Ov Commissioners higher.

146

Mode of

transferring

Securities.

Form of Transfer.

4* GEORGII IV. Ail.

Commissioners from Time to Time to charge the said Rates or* Assessments in Manner aforesaid with such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall" think fit or proper, attd the Interest thereof at such lower Rate aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge the Mortgages, Assignments, and Securities' bearing a higher Rate of Interest.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities for Money borrowed, or for the Annuities granted as aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands to transfer the same respectively to any Person or Persons according to the Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Purport or Effect, as the Case may be; (that is to say),

I A.B. [insert the Name,• Place of Abode, and Addition of the Person A assigning] do hereby assign the within Mortgage [or Giant of the within mentioned Annuity}, and all my Right and Title in and to the Principal Money and Interest [or Annuity], and all Arrears now due thereon and thereby secured, unto C.D. [insert the Name, Place of Abode, and Addition of the intended Assignee], his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

in the Year of our Lord .*

Entries to be And Entries or Memorials of all such Mortgages or Assignments, and made of the Grants of Annuities which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, Securities. Q£ a]j rpransferg thereof, expressing in Words at length the Name,

Additions, and Places of Abode and other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall from Time to Time be entitled to the Principal Money and Interest, or the Annuities thereby respectively secured, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, to which Book any Person interested shall at all Times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Transfer or Assignment the said Clerk shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and every such Transfer or Assignment, after such Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Grant thereby transferred j and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Grants of Annuities shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Monies or Annuities thereby secured, shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on the said Rates or Assessments equally one with another, without any Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages, Assignments, or Grants respectively.

Application

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Money to arise by the otthe Money. said Rates, Assessments, and other Monies hereby granted, or to be levied or recovered by virtue of this Act, and which may be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and shall be applied and disposed of, in the fi;st Place in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences which shall be incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and in the next Place in paying and discharging dm Interest of the Monies which shall be bor* ,■* J 7 . , rpwed

4" GEORGII IV. 14£

rowed and the Annuities which shall be granted under this Act, and

then from Time to Time in defraying the Charges, and Expences of

lighting, cleansing, and watching the Streets and other public Passages,

and Places of and in the said Town and Borough, and in defraying;

and paying all Expences which the said Commissioners and other Officers shall necessarily sustain and be put unto in carrying this Act >

into Execution, or in prosecuting or defending any Prosecutions, Actions,

or Suits in any Manner relative to the Execution of this Act, or of

any thing to be done under or by virtue of the same, and for such other

Uses and Purposes as are herein expressed $ and the Residue of all such

Money shall be paid and applied in reducing, paying off, and discharging

all such Principal Sums as shall be borrowed as aforesaid.

LXV. And be it further enacted* That if any Person or Persons shall Persons ad-advance, pay, or lend any Money towards defraying the Expence of nc|j|8)^10’ obtaining and passing this Act, he, she, or they shall be repaid the same, repaid wfth together with lawful Interest, out of the first Monies to be raised by virtue Interest, of this Act.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on at any Time or Times hereafter hinder or molest the Collector or Gok ^onVniiss'ion lectors, or other Officer or Officers, or any Workman or Workmen, or any ers,nmiSS1°n* other Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be employed by virtue of this Act, or in any Manner concerned in the Execution thereof, in the Performance and Execution of his or their Duty or Work, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

% r t \ i "it *r

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Recovery by this Act imposed, the Manner of levying or recovering whereof is antJ Applica-not hereby particularly directed, shall be levied and recovered by Distress ?ftionof and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by ena ,e8’ t Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County (which Warrant such Justice is hereby required and empowered to grant), upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), rendering the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Sale on Demand to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained; and after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid, one Half to the Informer or Informers, and the other Half to the Poor of the Town and Borough of Darlington; or in case it shall appear to such Justice, on the Oath of any credible Witness (which Oath any Justice is hereby empowered to administer), or on the Confession of the Offender or Offenders, that such Offender or Offenders hath or have not sufficient Goods and Chattels within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, whereon the Penalty or Forfeiture and Charges of levying the same can be raised, or in case sufficient Distress shall not be found after such Warrant shall have been issued, or if such Penalty and Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common >

Gaol

148

Offenders may be detained till Warrants of Distress • issued, and Return made thereon.

Commissioners may reward Informers.

Plaintiff shall not recover after Tender of sufficient Amends.

Appeal.

4° GEORGII IV. iii.

Gaol or House of Correction of the said County, City, Borough, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, upon which any Penalty or Forfeiture, or any Costs, Charges, or Expences shall be incurred and adjudged to be paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices by or before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be so convicted, and he and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on such Conviction and Adjudication forthwith pay down such Forfeiture and Costs, to detain such Off nder or Offenders in safe Custody, in some convenient and proper Place to be appointed for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices, until such Justice or Justices shall have issued his or their Warrant in Manner herein-before directed for the levying such Forfeiture and Costs upon the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, and until it shall have been ascertained, on Return made to such Warrant, that such Offender or Offenders respectively hath or have not any Goods and Chattels sufficient whereon to make and levy such Penalty and Costs; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to reward any Informer or Informers as they shall think proper, so as such Reward does not exceed One Moiety of the Penalty or Forfeiture proved by the Information of such Informer or Informers to have been incurred; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, if sufficient Tender of Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeeding, before such Action brought j and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgment shall be had, made, or given by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, he or she may apply to the said Commissioners at their First Meeting to be holden after the Expiration of Five Days after demanding of such Rate or Assessment, and thp said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think such Person aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem reasonable *, and if any Person shall be dissatisfied with the Determination • of the said Commissioners therein, or if any Person shall think himself. ,or

, ,herself.

4

149

4° GEORGII! IV. Cap. iti.

herself aggrieved by any Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Person may appeal to the Justices at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Durham within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving Fourteen Days Notice at the least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Respondent or Respondents, and also to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within Five Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace of the said County, with a sufficient Surety or Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal and abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions; and the Justices at such Sessions shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper; and their Determination therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties to all Intents and Purposes.

arb 01 etnoW n

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon all Appeals from and against any of the Rates or Assessments to be made or imposed by. Authority of this Act, the Justices of the Peace (where they shall see just Cause for Relief) shall and are hereby empowered to amend the said Rates or Assessments, in such Manner only as shall be necessary for giving Relief to the Person or Persons so appealing, in case they shall think proper so to do, without quashing or altering such Rates or Assessments with respect to any other Person or Persons mentioned in the same. jJ

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Assessment, or any Proceedings to be had touching any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to any Complaint or Appeal, or any Order or Determination thereon in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed and vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removeable into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Durham, by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matter of Fact in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, whether on the Part of the Prosecutors, or of the Person or Persons complained of, or if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Durham, or Adjournment thereof, upon any Appeal by virtue of this Act, whether upon the Part of the Appellant or of the Respondent, and any such Person or Persons so summoned as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect, after Payment or Tender of his or her Expences, Costs, and Charges, to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, to be approved of by such Justice or Justices, or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or at any such Sessions or Adjournment thereof, then and in either of the said Cases every such Per-

P p son

Vftjtl

■ ? ! rrsf

i» inn 11

Justices to amend Rates appealed against, without altering the other Rates.

Rates and Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari.

For compelling the Attendance of Witnesses.

150

Inhabitants may gire Evidence.

Form of Conviction.

Persons distraining not to be deemed Trespassers for Want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

.4° GEORGII IV. iii.

son shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, Causes, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, an Inhabitant residing within the said Town or Borough of Darlington shall not be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his being such Inhabitant, or of his being charged with or liable to pay any Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act. 7

LXXVI. And for the more speedy and easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or any other Form of Words to the like Effect, (as the Case shall happen); that is to say,

* Dm ham TIE it remembered, That on the Day of

< to wit. £ in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me C.D., One of His Majesty’s

* Justices of the Peace for the said County, [specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case

‘ may be']; and I the said Justice do therefore adjudge him to forfeit and ‘ pay the Sum of . Given under my Hand and Seal the

* Day and Year above-mentioned.’

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Irregularity; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Case.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done under this Act until Fourteen Days Notice thereof shall be given in Writing to the Clerk for the Time, being to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Meeting at which the Cause of Complaint arose, or after the Fact was committed, at which such Action or Suit shall be brought; and all such Actions or Suits shall be laid and tried in the County where the Cause of Action shall have accrued, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and it it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit was brought before Fourteen Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid,

11 . or

151

4° GEORGII IV. ill.

or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Term for that Purpose herein-before limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in any or either of the said Cases the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or Suit shall become nonsuited, or shall suffer a Discontinuance of any such Action or Suit, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, then and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such and the like Treble Costs* Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all such Commissioners as Commission-are or shall be Justices of the Peace may act as Justices in all Matters er? Co" under the Authority of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commis- pgacemay1 sioners; and that in all Cases where any Justice or Justices of the Peace act as Jus-is or are authorized by this Act to examine any Person or Persons on tices.

Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required to administer such Oath.

[Public Act.]

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printer* to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. iv.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Improvement of Portman Square, within the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex.

[24th March 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Improvement of Portman Square, within the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex: And whereas the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Act have, in the Execution thereof, expended considerable Sums of Money in the Improvement of the said Square, and of the Garden or inclosed Pleasure Ground belonging thereto; but the said Act hath been found in many respects defective, and it is expedient that the said Act should be altered and amended, and some additional Powers and Provisions granted : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every Power, Clause, Provision, Regulation, Direction, and Restriction therein contained, shall (except where the same is or are hereby expressly varied, altered, or repealed, and also except such Parts thereof as relate to the Exemption from Stamp Duties) extend to and be in full Force with regard to this Act.

[Local.Q q

22G. 3. C. 85.

Powers of recited Act extended to this Act.

154 4" GEORGII IV. iv.

Meetings and j]. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings

Trustees of ^e Trustees act*ng id Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, shall be done, made, and had by the major Part of the Trustees present at their several Meetings, the whole Number present not being less than Three (except in Cases where any other Number is herein named)} and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings had, made, or done by or before such Three Trustees, shall have the same Force and Effect, and shall be binding and conclusive on all Persons, and to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as fully and effectually as if the same were had, made, or done by or before all the said Trustees} and at every Meeting to be held by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, a Chairman shall and may in the first Instance be appointed, who, in case of an equal Number of Votes upon any Occasion (including such Chairman’s Vote) shall have the casting or decisive Vote: Provided always, that Two Trustees shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only} and in case a competent Number of Trustees shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed at any Meeting of the Trustees, either to act or to adjourn, or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, then and in either of such Cases it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees (or for the Clerk to the said Trustees, being authorized by an Order in Writing signed by any Two or more of the said Trustees) to call a Meeting of the said Trustees (by Notice to be left at their respective Dwelling Houses or Places of Residence) at least Seven Days previous to such Meeting, at such Time and Place as such Two Trustees shall think proper to appoint: Provided also, that no Order made by Three or more Trustees at any Meeting shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Five Trustees at the least shall be present, nor unless a Majority of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting shall concur in such Revocation of Alteration, nor unless Fourteen Days Notice shalf be given by Two or more Trustees to the Clerk of the said Trustees* of their Desire to have a Meeting at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, for the Purpose of taking into consideration the said Order with a view to revoke or alter the same, or that it will be proposed to revoke or alter such Order at the next adjourned Meeting; and in such Case, Notice shall be given by the said Clerk, or by any Two or more of the said Trustees, Ten Days at least before such Meeting, to such Trustees as were present when the Order was made, of the Intention to revoke or alter such Order, which Notice shall be left at their respective Dwelling Houses or Places of Residence.

Meetings on

III. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the

Emergencies. said Trustees it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, it shall be lawfful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, or for the Clerk to the said Trustees, by an Order in Writing signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, (although not assembled at a Meeting), to give Notice (in Manner herein-before directed) of such earlier Meeting; and in such Notice shall be expressed the Time, Place, and .i Purpose of such earlier Meeting, such Time being not less than Seven Days after such Notice} and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees , -i at

155

4° GEORGII IV. iv.

at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, and Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, of such Money as shall arise and be made due and payable by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, and also One or more Gardeners or Keepers of the inclosed Pleasure Ground or Garden belonging to the said Square, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary and proper to be employed in the Execution of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act; and also may remove, from Time to Time, all such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers, Gardeners, Keepers, and other Officers, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall see occasion; and upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of such Officers, or any or either of them, the said Trustees may appoint others in their Stead; and the said Tr stees shall and may, out of the Money to be raised and received by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, make such Allowance unto the Clerks Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Gardeners, Keepers, and all other Officers so appointed, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, as to them the said Trustees shall seem proper; and every Officer and Person who shall be so appointed as aforesaid shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees by Writing under their Hands, make out and deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under his Hand, of all Monies which shall have been by him had, collected, or received, and how and to whom, and for what Purpose, the same and every Part thereof hath or have been disposed of, together with the Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments; and every such Officer or Person shall and is hereby required to pay all such Monies as, upon the Balance of such Account, shall appear to be owing from him, to su< h Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to render and deliver up such Account as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the same, or to pay the Balance thereof when thereunto required, in manner aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Seven Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, or by such other Person or Persons, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of • the said recited Act or this Act, then and in every such Case, Complaint being made thereof by the said Trustees, or ' by any Person on behalf of the said Trustees, of any such Neglect or Refusal, to any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Person to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees might have done; and if upon Confession of the Officer or Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which

Trustees may appoint Officers,

and remove them.

Officers to account.

Proceedings against Officers refusing to account,

&c

156

Trustees not to administer Oaths on verifying Officers Accounts, i

Clerk restrained from acting as Treasurer, and [vice versfi.

4' GEORGII IV. Cap. iv.

shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of, or be owing from, such Officer or Person, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and empowered, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Monies, and the Charges of taking and making such Distress, and of selling the same, or if such Officer or Person shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place appointed for that Purpose, or, if appearing, shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver to the said Justice such Account in Writing as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts, or to deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place in which such Officer or Person shall live or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have delivered in and settled such Account as aforesaid, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in the Hands of or owing from him, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale (if any) as shall in that respect have been made, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees for such Money and Charges, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make), and shall have delivered up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees; provided always, that no Person who shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress shall be detained in Prison for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Trustees, or any of them, to administer any Oath to any Clerk, Treasurer, Collector, or other Officer now appointed or hereafter to be appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purpose of verifying his Accounts.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who has been or who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them; or to continue or appoint the Person who has been or who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Parmer of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of the said recited Act and i 7 this

157

4" GEORGII IV. iv.

this Act, or either of them; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and Trustees may

be sued, for or concerning any thing relating to the Execution of this th

Act or the said recited Act, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time Name of being, or in the Name of any One of the said Trustees; and no Action their Clerk, or Suit which shall be so brought shall abate or be discontinued by the &c-Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Trustee, or by the Act of any such Clerk or Trustee, without the Consent of the said Trustees; but the Clerk or the Trustee in whose Name such Action or Suit shall have been brought, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff, Prosecutor, Informant,

Appellant, Defendant or Respondent, in any such Action or Suit, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Trustee, in whose Name any Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceeding, shall be had, taken, prosecuted, continued, or defended in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies arising by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information or Appeal, or other Proceeding, he shall pay, bear, sustain, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with or liable for, or be fairly entitled to, by reason of being so made Plaintiff, Prosecutor, Defendant,

Informant, Appellant, or Respondent as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Persons using

make, or cause or procure to be made, any Key or Keys for the Purpose of opening any Lock or Locks affixed on or to any of the Gates of the oar5en° &c. Garden or Pleasure Ground or inclosed Part of the said Square, without liable to a the Permission in Writing of the said Trustees, or shall sell, or cause or Penalty, procure to be sold, without such Permission as aforesaid, any such Key

or Keys to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall knowingly use

any Key or Keys so unlawfully made or sold in opening any Lock or

Locks as aforesaid; every Person so offending shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds; and the said Trustees, or any of them, or the Unlawful

Gardener or Keeper of the Garden appointed by such Trustees, together with Keys may be

any Person or Persons whom they or he may call to their or his Assistance, seized.

are and is hereby authorized and empowered to seize, detain, and keep

any such Key or Keys as aforesaid, and may cause the Person or Persons

so making or selling, or causing or procuring to be made or sold, such

Key or Keys as aforesaid, to be summoned before some Justice of the

Peace for the County of Middlesex, to be dealt with according to Law.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully commit Penalty on

any Spoil, Waste, Damage, Depredation, Annoyance, Disorder, or Nui- Persons sance in, to, upon, or about any of the Paths, Walks, Grass Plots or Shrubberies of the said Garden or inclosed Pleasure Ground, or the ^''behaving Avenues or Approaches thereto, or shall, by riotous, disorderly, or wilful disorderly in V [LflCtf/.] R r Mis- the Garden.

158

4° GEORGII IV. iv.

Misbehaviour, molest, or interrupt the free Passage of any Person using or passing along the same; then and in every such Case the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; and such Offender shall and may be apprehended by the Gardener or Keeper of the said Garden or inclosed Pleasure Ground, or by any other Person or Persons whom he or they may call to his or their Assistance; and it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so apprehending such Offender, to convey such Offender before some Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to be dealt with according to Law.

Penalty on x. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall at any Time ^rmptinT obstruct, hinder, or molest any Gardener or Keeper of the Garden, Color assaulting lector. Receiver, or any Workmen or other Person whomsoever, who is. Workmen. are, or shall be employed by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, or any other Person acting in the Execution of the same, in the Performance of his or their Duty, or of any of the Matters or Things to be done by virtue or under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Recovery of

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Forfehures"^ Fines by the said recited Act or this Act inflicted or authorized to be ' imposed, (the Manner of levying, recovering, and applying whereof is not herein or by the said recited Act otherwise directed) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is in every such Case hereby fully authorized to administer) be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant); and the Overplus, if any, after such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, for his or their Appearance before such Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of suchWarrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where the Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three

Calendar

159

4° GEORGII IV. iv.

Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by the said recited Act, shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act.

XII. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against the said Conviction, recited Act or this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against the said recited Act or this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up (as the Case shall happen) in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect:

* Middlesex, "I t>E it remembered, That on the Day of Form of

‘ to wit* J 13 in the Year of our Lord A.B. Conviction.

* is convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, on his [or her] own Confession, [or, on the Oath of a credible Witness, or, on the Oaths of

‘ and , Two credible Witnesses, as the Case may be~], of

‘ [here specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the Case may require, and the Adjudication and Penalty]. Given

* under my Hand and Seal, [or, our Hands and Seals], the Day and ‘ Year first aforesaid.*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no rated Inhabitant or Occupier Rated Inlta-of any House within the said Square shall be deemed an incompetent bitants may Witness in any Suit, Action, Information, Complaint, Appeal, Prosecution, be Witnesses, or Proceeding, to be had, made, prosecuted, or carried on under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, by reason of such Person being

such Inhabitant or Occupier, or rated or assessed or liable to be rated or assessed under and by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex- For paying pences relative or incident to the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall the Expence* be paid and discharged by the said Trustees, out of the Monies already oflhe Act. received under or by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the first Monies

which shall be raised under or by virtue of this Act.

[Public Act.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. v.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Borough of Plymouth, and Places adjacent, in the County of Devon.

[24th March 1823.]

WHEREAS the Town and Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon are large and populous, and it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof and to the Public at large if the Streets and other public Passages and Places therein were better lighted: And whereas Inflammable Air, Carburetted Hydrogen or Coal Gas, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil may be procured from Coal, and such Inflammable Air and Gas may also be obtained from Oil or other Materials : And whereas the said Inflammable Air being conveyed by means of Pipes may be safely and beneficially used for lighting the several Streets, Highways, Roads, Lanes, Passages, Market Places, and other public Places within the said Town and Borough, and Places adjacent, and for lighting Dwelling Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, Manufactories, and other Buildings : And whereas the several Persons herein-after named, together with other Persons, are willing and desirous at their own Costs and Charges to effect the several Purposes aforesaid; but such beneficial Purposes cannot be carried fully and completely into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by [Local.'] S s Authority

162 4° GEORGII IV.

Proprietors. Authority of the same, That Richard Bayly, John Bayly, William Harson Bayly, Charles Bostock, John Burnell, William Burnell the younger, John Burnett, Thomas Coates, Abraham Cole, William Curgenven, John Dickins, Charles Lock Eas flake, Sir William Elf ord Baronet, Jonathan El-ford, Thomas Were Fox, James Fox, Samuel Fuge, Thomas Gill, John Edgcumbe Gill, John Harris, Christopher Harris, Joseph Hingston, William Hook, John Johnson, John Johnson the younger, Richard King, James King, Edmund Lockyer, Charles Christopher Lockyer, Edward Nettleton, Walter Prideaux, Joseph Pridham, John Drake Pridham, Sarah Ann Radcliffe, Richard Rosdew, John Saunders, John Tingcombe, John Warrick, Company in- and John Westcott, and all and every such other Person or Persons as shall corporated. from Time to Time become Proprietors of the Undertaking hereby established as herein-after is mentioned, their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be and are hereby united into a Company for supplying the Town and Borough of Plymouth, and Places adjacent respectively, in the County of Devon, with Inflammable Air or Gas, and making and maintaining the Works necessary for that Purpose, under the Regulations herein-after contained, and shall be one Body Their Style. Politic and Corporate, by the Name of " The Plymouth Oil Gas Light Company," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded at Law or in Equity, and snail and may prefer and prosecute any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall commit any Felony, Misdemeanor, or other Offence indictable by the Laws of this Realm; and that the said Company shall be established for the Purpose of making Inflammable Air or Gas, and to sell and dispose of the same respectively in such Manner as they shall think proper j and shall have full Power from Time to Time to enter into and make any Contracts, or to agree with the Commissioners acting under Three several Acts of Parliament; (that is to say), the first made and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, in-10 G. 3. c. 14. tituled An Act for paving, lighting, and watching the Town of Plymouth in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town; another made and passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign 12 G. 3. c. 8. of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Tenth Tear of His present Majesty's Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching the Town of Plymouth in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town; and the other made and passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, in-14 G. 3. c. 8. tituled An Act to explain and amend Two Acts made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching the Town of Plymouth in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, or any other Commissioners who for the Time being shall have the Controul, Direction, or Management of the lighting or otherwise improving the said Town and Borough and Places adjacent, or any Part thereof, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament which now is or are or hereafter shall be in force for that Purpose, or with any Person or Persons, Trustees, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who may be willing to contract with the said Company (and who are hereby respectively empowered to contract with the said Company,) for the lighting of the said Town and Borough of Plymouth and Places adjacent, or any

Streets,

163

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

Streets, Highways, Roads, Lanes, Passages, Market Places, and other public Places therein, and also for lighting Dwelling Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, Manufactories, and other Buildings, or any of them, within the said Town and Borough and Places adjacent, or either of them, and also to sell and dispose of such Oil and other Produce and Materials as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the said Company Power to to construct or make Gasometers and other necessary Works, and to erect contract for any Manufactory or Manufactories or other Buildings for the Purposes of of^Vmis^arKl this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or their Buildings. Committee of Management herein-after mentioned, and they are hereby empowered to treat, contract, and agree for the absolute Purchase of any

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not exceeding in the Whole Two Acres, within the said Borough of Plymouth, with any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Tenant or Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or with any Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability of acting for himself, herself, or themselves, and also with all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to sell the same, or his, her, or their Right and Interest in the same, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, and upon Payment of the Purchase Money for any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England in manner by this Act directed (as the Case may be) such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments may be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act; and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be divested of all Right and Title, Claim or Reversion to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, and the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall vest in the Plymouth Oil Gas Light Company, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to hold such Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, and any Term, Right, and Interest therein so purchased, without incurring or being subject or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Law or Statute whatsoever; and also to sell or dispose of the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments or any of them, as they shall think proper, and purchase and hold other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in like Manner.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Bodies Politic for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate empowered or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or 10 sel1*

for any Term or Terms of Years, absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands,

Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts respectively,

164 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

ively, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability of acting for himself, herself, or themselves; and also to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be thought necessary by the said Company to be purchased for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Company for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the same, to the said Company for the Purposes of this Act; and all Contracts, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, and without Enrolment, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their said several Cestuique Trusts, and all Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, and of ail Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion, expectant on any such particular Estate; and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar the Dower and Dowers of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Lawj any Law, Statute, or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding j and all Bo-.dies Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years, absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Person and Persons is and are and shall be indemnified for what he, she, or they shall lawfully do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

Application of Compensation Money exceeding 2001.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be contracted and agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte " The Plymouth Oil Gas Light Company," to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

io ments.

165

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

ments, in the Purchase of Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing and being settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were then actually made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so contracted and agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cases of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Committee of Management of the said Company, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends to arise thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

When less than 2001. and exceeding 201.

f Local."]

Tt

VI. Pro.

166

When not exceeding 201.

Persons in Possession deemed presumptively entitled.

Expences of Purchases to be allowed by the Court of Chancery.

On Payment of Purchase Money Premises to be vested in the Company.

4° GEORGII IV.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so contracted and agreed to be paid as last before mentioned, shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporations, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court, and the said Court is hereby directed to order the Expences of all Purchases, and of all Applications to the said Court from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money so contracted or agreed to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Estate, Right, or Interest therein, by the said Company, to the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons respect-

io -• ively

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. v. 167

ively entitled to such Monies, or their Agents, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, for the Purpose of being disposed of in manner herein-before directed, as the Case may be, all the Estate, Right, Title,

Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law or Equity, of the Party and Parties, and Person and Persons respectively, to whom or for whose Use the same shall be paid, into and out of such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Company and their Successors for ever, for effecting the Uses and Purposes of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and As- Form of surances of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be made to the Conveyance-said Company and their Successors, shall be made in the Form or to the

Effect following; (that is to say),

f T [or We, as the Case may be~] of in Consideration

‘ of the Sum of to me [or us] paid by the Plymouth

‘Oil Gas Light Company, established under an Act passed in the Fourth ‘ Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here

* insert the Title of this Act,'] do hereby grant and release [or assign, as

* the Case may be] to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, all [here describe the Premises to be conveyed], and all my [or our]

* Right, Title, and Interest in and to the same, and every Part thereof;

‘ to hold to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors and

* Assigns for ever, [or as the Case may be] during all the Remainder of

* my [or our] Term, Estate, or Interest in the said Premises. In Witness

* whereof, I [or we] have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, [or our

* Hands and Seals] this Day of in the Year of our

' Lord One thousand eight hundred and .*

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Re-sale of said Company to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture or Indentures Lands not under their Common Seal to grant and convey, by way of absolute Sale wanted* in Fee Simple, for a Consideration in Money, all or any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which may have been so purchased, and which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by or from the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Part or Parts thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Company to sign and give a Receipt or Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipt or Receipts shall be a sufficient Discharge or sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Money therein and thereby expressed or acknowledged to be received; and such Person or Persons, having bond fide paid the same, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Capital or Joint Stock of the Capital Stock said Company, to be applied and used in establishing and carrying on the to "e 5,000l. said Undertaking and the Purposes aforesaid, shall be the Sum of Five thousand Pounds; and that the said Company shall not be authorized to

enter upon the Execuuon of any of the Works for which Powers are hereby given, until the Whole of the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed for that Purpose.

168

Subscribers to share in the Stock in proportion to their Subscriptions.

Stocks to be divided into Shares of 50/. Sterling each, and to be Personal Estate.

Power to raise more Money, if necessary, by Loan or new Shares.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons by or for whom any Subscription hath been made or accepted, or by or for whom any Subscription shall be made or accepted, or any Payment made pursuant to the Orders of any General Meeting or Meetings to be held by the said Company for that Purpose, for or towards the raising of the said Capital Sum of Five thousand Pounds as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively (no such Subscription being less than Fifty Pounds,) shall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, in proportion to the Monies which he, she, or they shall contribute, or shall have so contributed towards making up the same, and shall have and be entitled to a proportionable Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the Capital Stock of the said Company, and shall be admitted to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of and in the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds Sterling each; and that no Person or Persons shall be a Subscriber or Subscribers for a less Sum than Fifty Pounds Sterling j and that all Shares in the said Undertaking, and in the net Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and not of the Nature of Real Property, and as such Personal Estate shall be transmissible accordingly : Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall at any Time hereafter hold more than Ten Shares in the said Undertaking, otherwise than by Devise, or by virtue of the Statutes of Distribution of Intestates Effects.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the aforesaid Sum of Five thousand Pounds shall be found insufficient for the Purposes of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the said Company from Time to Time to raise any further Sum or Sums of Money for completing or extending their Undertaking, and defraying all necessary Charges relating thereto, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One thousand Pounds, either by Way of Loan on Security of the Property and Effects belonging to the said Company, or by raising and creating new and additional Shares in the said Concern, or by both of the said Ways and Methods; and in case it shall at any Time or Times be deemed advisable by the said Company to raise any Part or Parts of the said further Sum of One thousand Pounds by way of Loan, then it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their Committee of Management for the Time being, by and with the Advice and Direction of any General Assembly of the said Company, to borrow and take up the same at Interest for the said Company, and thereupon to grant, execute, and deliver to or in favour of the Lenders thereof, such Mortgages, Bonds, Obligations, or other Securities, in Writing, as may be required, thereby binding the said Company, and the Estate, Stock and Trade thereof, for the Repayment of the Sum or Sums so borrowed, with Interest for the same; and in case it shall at any Time or Times be deemed advisable by the said Company to raise any Part or Parts of the said further Sum of One thousand Pounds by the Creation of new and additional Shares in the said Undertaking, then it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise the same amongst themselves, in such Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or by the Admission of new Subscribers into the said Concern, and for that Purpose to create such Number of new and additional Shares of Fifty Pounds each as may be deemed expedient j and

io every

169

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

every Subscriber towards raising such further Sum by Shares shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote for himself or herself, or his or her Proxy, in respect of every Share in the said additional Sum so to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and stand interested in all the Profits, Privileges, and Advantages of the said Undertaking, and shall be liable to the like Burthens, in proportion to the Amount of his, her, or their Subscriptions, as generally and extensively to all Intents and Purposes as if such further Sum had been originally part of the said Capital Stock of Five thousand Pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have To compel subscribed for or towards the said Undertaking, or who shall at any Time Payment of hereafter have or hold any Share or Shares in the same, shall and they are Subscnp-hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively lons‘ subscribed, and to be subscribed for, or such Parts or Portions thereof as

shall from Time to Time be called for, pursuant to or by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the Committee of Management herein-after mentioned; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse to pay any such Money at such Times and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the Committee of Management as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt, or otherwise, in either of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with lawful Interest for the same from such appointed Time of Payment, and all Costs of Suit, from such Person or Persons; or in Cases where Two or more Persons shall have jointly subscribed for or be jointly possessed of any One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, then from all, any, or either of such Persons.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and they Names of are hereby required to cause the Names and Designations of the several ^r0^l^ri Persons who have subscribed for, or may at any Time hereafter be entitled tered an j to, a Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of such Certificates Share or Shares, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall of their be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Register Book to

be kept by their Clerk; and after such Entry, a Certificate, under the them Common Seal of the said Company, shall be delivered to every Proprietor upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or she is entitled in the said Undertaking, and such Certificate shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified, but the Want of such Certificate shall not hinder the Owner from selling or disposing thereof; and incase such Certificate shall not be produced or forthcoming, the said Entry, or a true Copy thereof, shall be deemed sufficient prima facie Evidence of Title.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever Two or more Persons The Person shall be jointly possessed of or entitled to any Share or Shares in the said whose Name Undertaking, the Person whose Name shall stand first in the Books

of the said Company as a Proprietor of such Share or Shares shall, for shares' to be the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Pro- deemed the [Local."] ‘ Uu1" - x . prietor Owner.

170 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

prietor of such Share or Shares; and all Notices hereby required to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall and may be given to such Person whose Name shall so stand first in the Books of the said Company; and such Notice to such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Notice to all the Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, for all the Purposes for which such Notice is intended to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any such Share or Shares; and such Owners or Proprietors shall be entitled to give their Vote or Votes in respect thereof by the Person whose Name shall stand first in the Books of the said Company, as Proprietor of such Share or Shares, and his or her Vote shall, on all Occasions, be deemed and allowed to be the Vote for or in respect of the whole Property in such Share or Shares, without Proof of the Concurrence of the other Proprietor or Proprietors of such Share or Shares.

For ascer-

XIX. And whereas, in case any original Holder or Proprietor of One taining the or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become Insol-Proprietor- vent or Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his or Shares in her Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have certain Cases, been made of the Transfer thereof with the Clerk of the said Company, it may not be in the Power of any Officer acting for the said Company to ascertain who is or are the Owner or Proprietor or Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to be made on such Share or Shares, or to maintain any Action or Actions, Suit or other Proceedings, against him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, for the Recovery of the same, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, the Interest or Dividends to which he, she, or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where the Right and Property in One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the Original Subscriber or Subscribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal Means than by a Transfer and Conveyance thereof, in the Form and Manner herein specified, an Affida^ vie shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons, before a Master Extraordinary of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns; and such Affidavit shall be delivered to and left with the Clerk of the said Company, to the Intent that he may preserve the same, and enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or List of Subscribers and Proprietors in the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the said Company or of their Clerk; and in all or any of the said Cases, after Three Calendar Months Notice in Writing shall have been given by The said Clerk to the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, to pay his, her, or their Proportion of Money so to be called for, and such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not have paid such his, her, or their Proportion as aforesaid, it shall

5 be

4° GEORGII IV. Cap*. 171

be lawful for the said Company, at any General Meeting after the Expiration of such Notice, to declare the same Share or Shares to be forfeited; and in such Case the same shall be and become forfeited, and shall and may be sold and disposed of in such Manner as the said Company at any Meeting or Meetings shall direct; or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund of the said Company.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons Proofs re-

shall claim any Part or Share in the Joint Stock of the said Company, or quired where the Profits thereof, in Right of Marriage, an Affidavit containing a Copy jj

of the Register of such Marriage, or the Purport of such Register, shall ^iagVor be made and sworn to by some credible Person, before a Master or a Death. Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be delivered to and left with the Clerk for the Time being of the said Company, who shall preserve the same, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the said Clerk for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares in the said Undertaking; and the said Clerk shall be paid for every such Entry the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, before such Person or Persons shall be entitled to sell and assign such Share or Shares, or to claim Payment of any Dividend or Dividends in respect thereof; and when any Person or Persons shall claim any Part or Share in the Joint Stock of the said Company, or the Profits thereof, under or by virtue of any Will or Bequest, or in a Course of Administration, the Probate Copy of the Will, or the Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died intestate, shall be produced and shewn to the said Clerk, who shall make an Entry of such Will, or of so much thereof as shall relate to the Disposition of the Share or Shares of the Testator, or of the Letters of Administration,! in case the Proprietor shall have died intestate; and the said Clerk shall be paid for every such Entry the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, before any Person or Persons shall be entitled to sell and assign such Share or Shares, or to claim Payment of any Dividend or Dividends in respect thereof: Provided nevertheless, that no Bequest or Clause in any such Will contained shall bind or affect or be construed to bind or affect the said Company with Notice of any Trust or Disposition of any Share or Shares in the Joint Stock of the said Company, or the Gains and Profits thereof, but the Registry of any such Share or Shares shall be in the Name or Names of the Executor or Executors who shall prove the Will of such Testator, or the Administrator or Administrators of his Effects, whose Receipt or Receipts to the said Company for the Gains and Profits thereof, and to any Purchaser or Purchasers for the Amount of the Purchase Money paid upon the Sale and Conveyance of such Share or Shares, shall be good and effectual, and shall bind the Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons claiming Interest under such Testator; any Rule of Law or Equity to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Shares may and respective Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to sell and transfer any Share lerre

or Shares of which they shall respectively be possessed; and every such Transfer shall be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ I

172

Form of Transfer.

Transfers to be registered.

No Share to be sold after a Call until the Money is paid.

Regulations for Meetings of the Company.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

4 I of in consideration of the

‘ Sum of paid to me by of

4 do hereby bargain, sell, assign, and transfer to the said the Sum of Capital

4 Stock of and in " The Plymouth Oil Gas Light Company/’ being my

4 Share [or Shares] Number [or Numbers ] therein; to

hold to the said his Executors, Administrators, and

4 Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the same Conditions, that I held the same immediately before the Exe- cution hereof: And I the said do hereby agree to

take and accept the said Share [or Shares], subject to the same Rules, 4 Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As witness our Hands this 4 Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and .*

And every such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said

Company, by an Entry of the Date, Names of the Parties, and the Number of Shares transferred, for which Entry or Registering the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the Clerk or other Officer making the same; and a Copy of such Register, signed by the Clerk or other such Officer of the said Company, shall be sufficient Evidence of every such Sale and Transfer, and shall be accounted as such in all Disputes, and in all Trials before any Court, and by all Judges, Justices and others, in the United Kingdom; and that until such Transfer shall be entered or registered in the Books of the said Company as aforesaid, no Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, shall receive any Interest or Dividend for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, nor be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings as Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after a Call for Money shall have been made by virtue of this Act, no Person or Persons shall sell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall possess in the said Undertaking, after the Day appointed for Payment of the said Call, until the Money called for in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares intended to be sold shall be paid; and that until such Money so called for shall be paid every such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be void; and such Share or Shares shall be liable to Forfeiture under the Provisions herein contained in such and the same Manner as if no such Sale and Transfer had been made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company shall be conducted and managed under and subject to the several Rules and Regulations herein-after contained; that is to say, the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking shall assemble together at the Guildhall of the Borough of Plymouth, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, within Twenty-one Days next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then and there proceed in the Execution of this Act, and shall and may adjourn to or shall assemble at such other Times and Places as they shall be duly convened in manner herein-after mentioned; and every such Assembly shall be styled a General Meeting,

' and

4° GEORGII IV. v.

173

and one such Meeting shall be held on the First Tuesday in July in every Year, or within Ten Days next after such Day, which shall be styled the Yearly General Meeting j and that Ten or more of the said Proprietors, not holding collectively less than Twenty Shares, may, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, call a Special General Meeting, so as the Object for which such Meeting shall be called be expressed in such Notice, and so as such Notice be given Fourteen Days at least before the Day of Meeting; and every such General Meeting may be adjourned from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as shall be found expedient; and at least Six Days previous Notice of every General Meeting, and Three Days previous Notice of the Day to which every General Meeting shall be adjourned, shall be given; and at every such General or Special Manner of Meeting a Chairman shall be appointed, and all Questions shall be de- voting, cided by a Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present (in Person or by their respective Proxies, to be appointed as herein mentioned), and not declining to vote, according to their respective Number of Shares; and every Proprietor shall be entitled to One Vote for and in respect of every Share of which he shall be possessed, but no Proprietor shall be entitled to vote fo ror in respect of more than Ten Shares; nor shall any Person be entitled to vote at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, or any Adjournment thereof, in respect of any Share or Shares which he or she may possess in the said Undertaking, unless such Person shall have fully paid and satisfied all Arrears of Money which shall or may have become due in pursuance of any Call or Calls made or to be made by the Committee of Management, for or in respect of such Share or Shares, nor unless such Person, not being one of the Persons named in this Act, shall have been a Proprietor of the said Company for the Space of Three Calendar Months or upwards, previously to any such Meeting or Adjournment; nor shall any Person vote at any of the Meetings of the said Company upon any Question or Questions relating to the Concerns of the said Undertaking, in which such Person or Persons shall be interested, otherwise than as a Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, to or of the said Undertaking; and that upon any Difference of Opinion any Proprietor present may require the Votes at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company to be taken by Ballot, but no Ballot shall be kept open for more than One Hour, and that the Chairman of every such Meeting shall be entitled to vote; and in case the Number of Votes, including the Chairman’s Vote, shall be equal, such Chairman shall also have the casting Vote; and if at any Special or General Meeting a sufficient Number of Proprietors to act or adjourn (Five Proprietors being hereby declared sufficient in all Cases to proceed to Business, and Two Proprietors being hereby declared sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only), shall not assemble and proceed to Business in One Hour from the Time appointed for such Meeting, or if Five Proprietors be not present when the Whole or any Part of the Business shall be to be decided upon, the Meeting shall adjourn to the same Day in the following Week, or to some other Day, to be appointed by the Members present, or in Default thereof, by the Committee of Management, or any Two or more of them.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That any Proprietor of any Share or pOWerforthe Shares in the said Company's Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such Proprietors Share or Shares at any General Meeting of the said Company, shall have vote by [Low/.] Xx fullPr<,x>'-

174

Notice of Meetings, &c. to be given by the Clerk of the Company.

In cose of Death of Proprietor, not necessary to give Notice of Meeting in respect of his Share until after Proof.

Accounts to be settled yearly.

Meetings to declnre Dividends.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at such Ge* neral Meetings as aforesaid, either in Person or by Proxy (every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and entitled to vote in respect of his, her, or their own Share or Shares)Jduly constituted under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or in Cases of Infancy or Lunacy, under the Hand or Hands of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, or Committee or Committees: Provided nevertheless, that no one Person shall deliver in Proxies for more than Nine Shares, but he may also vote in Right of his own Share or Shares on the same Occasion, provided that in his own Right and by Proxy he shall not vote for more than Ten Shares in the Whole on any one Occasion; and the Appointment of such Proxies shall be produced at every such Meeting, and shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (videlicet),

‘ I A.B. of One of the Proprietors of and in the

‘ A Plymouth Oil Gas Light Company, do hereby nominate, constitute,

* and appoint C.D. of to be my Proxy, in my Name, on my

‘ Behalf, and in my Absence to vote, to give my Assent to or Dissent ‘ from any Business, Matter, or Thing relating to the said Undertaking,

* that shall be mentioned or proposed at any General Meeting of the said

* Company, in such Manner as he the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Under-‘ taking, or any thing relating thereto. In witness whereof I have here-‘ unto set my Hand the Day of .*

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Notices herein-before directed to be given of any General Meetings or Adjournments respectively, and all Notices to be given to any of the said Proprietors upon any particular Occasion, and not hereby otherwise provided for, shall be given to the said several Proprietors, by Letters from the Clerk of the said Company, sent by Post to each and every of the said Proprietors, entitled to vote at such Meetings respectively, or to the individual Proprietors entitled to such Notice (as the Case may be), or by the Delivery of such Letters to such respective Proprietors, either in Person, or by leaving the same at the last or usual Places of Abode of the said Proprietors respectively; and that such Notices shall be deemed and considered the same as personal Notices.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or Bankruptcy of any Proprietor, it shall not be necessary to give Notice of any Meeting in respect of the Share or Shares of such Proprietor, to the Person or Persons legally entitled to such Share or Shares, until after satisfactory Proof shall have been given to the Clerk to the Company, of the Names and Residence of the Person or Persons legally entitled to the Share or Shares of the Proprietor so dying or becoming bankrupt.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That at every yearly General Meeting, and at every Special Meeting called for the Purpose, the Proprietors shall have full Power to call for, examine, and settle the Accounts of the said Company; and at such yearly General Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, to be held in July as aforesaid, a yearly Dividend or Dividends shall be made out of the Interest, Profits, or Advantages of the said

8 Undertaking,

175

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

Undertaking, unless such Meeting shall declare otherwise; and such Dividend shall be at and after the Rate of so much per Centum for every Share, upon all and every the Sum and Sums of Money paid to the said Company by the said Subscribers, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as such Meeting or Meetings shall think fit to appoint and determine; provided that no Dividend shall be made whereby the Capital of the said Company shall in any Degree be reduced or impaired, nor within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, nor shall any Dividend be paid in respect of any Share or Shares after the Day appointed for Payment of any Call for Money in respect thereof, until such Call shall have been paid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or any One of the Persons, in whose Name or Names any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall stand in the Books of the said Company, or his, her, or their authorized Agent or Agents, shall from Time to Time be a good and sufficient Discharge to the said Company and their Treasurer, for any Dividend or Dividends, Sum or Sums of Money, which shall become due and payable, &nd be paid for or in respect of such Share or Shares, notwithstanding any Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes, upon or to which such Share or Shares shall be then settled, limited, conveyed, or assured.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Money shall be payable under the Provisions of this Act, to any Proprietor in the said Undertaking, who shall be a Minor under the Age of Twenty-one Years, or Lunatic, the Receipt of the Parent or Guardian, or Committee, for the Time being of such Minor or Lunatic, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Company and their Treasurer for the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time at any of their yearly or other General Meetings as aforesaid, to make such Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws as to them shall seem meet and proper for the good Government of the said Undertaking, and for regulating the Proceedings of the Committee of Management, and for the regulating of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants to be employed in or about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, and for the Superintendence and Management of the said Undertaking, in all respects whatsoever; and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws, or any of them, and to make others, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against such Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws, or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the said Company at a yearly or other General Meeting shall seem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws so made as aforesaid (being reduced into Writing, and the Common Seal of the said Company thereunto affixed), shall be binding upon all Persons connected with or acting under the Directions of the said Company, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that Copies thereof

shall

Payment of Dividends,

be. to the Person in whose Name the Share shall stand in the Company’s Books to be good.

Receipt of Parents or Guardians of Minor Subscribers to be a sufficient Discharge to the Company,

General Meetings may make Bye-Laws.

176

Officers of the Company to be appointed at General Meetings.

Treasurer, &c. to give Security.

Treasurer, &c. not to issue Money without an Order, &c.

Committee of Management.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

shall be printed, fixed, and continued in the Office of the Clerk, or other the Buildings and Premises of the said Company; and all such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws shall be subject to appeal in manner by this Act ' directed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, at any yearly or other General Meeting of the said Company, to nominate, elect, and choose by Ballot, and to appoint, under the Common Seal of the said Company, a Treasurer and a Clerk for transacting the Business of the said Company; and it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any subsequent General or Special Meeting to be holden as herein* before directed, from Time to Time to remove and displace such Treasurer and Clerk, or either of them, or any other Person or Persons who shall be hereafter elected and appointed to those respective Offices; and also from Time to Time to nominate, elect, choose and appoint, in manner aforesaid, any other Person or Persons to act as Treasurer and Clerk of the said Company, in the Room of such of them as shall happen to die or resign, or be removed from their respective Offices; and it shall be lawful for the said Company to allow such Salaries or other Emoluments to the said Officers, or either of them, as at any such General or Special Meeting shall from Time to Time be fixed and determined : Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required to take sufficient Security from every Person who shall be appointed such Treasurer, for the faithful Execution of his Office, before he shall enter thereupon.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Money shall be issued by the Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Company, or the Committee of Management on account of the said Company, without an Order or Orders made at a General Meeting, or without an Order or Orders in Writing, signed by the Chairman of the Committee of Management for the Time being, and Two Members at least of the said Committee present at some Meeting of the said Committee of Management.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That at the First General Meeting of the said Company, or at some Adjournment thereof. Seven Members of the said Company shall be elected and chosen a Committee of Management for managing the Affairs of the said Company, and such Committee of Management shall continue in Office and be respectively Members of the said Committee, until the Yearly Meeting, which shall be held in July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, or until others or another be appointed in their or either of their Stead in pursuance of this Act; and at the said yearly Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, and also at the Expiration of every succeeding Year thereafter, a new Committee of Seven Members shall be elected and appointed out of the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, to be the Committee of Management for managing the Affairs of the said Company, who shall continue in their Offices for the Space of One Year to be computed from the Day of Election, or until others or another shall be duly elected into their or any of their Places; provided that nothing herein contained shall render any One of the Committee, whose Office shall have expired, ineligible to be re-elected a Committee-man, if otherwise

4° GEORGII IV. Caps. 177

wise duly qualified: Provided also, that no Person shall be qualified to be elected, nor to serve or act as a Member of the said Committee, Who shall hold any Place of Profit under the said Company, or who shall be concerned or interested in any Contract or Contracts under this Act, or who shall take or shall participate in any manner in any Work to be done for the said Company, whether by Contract or otherwise.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any For supply-Member of the Committee of Management to be elected by virtue of this Act shall die or become disqualified, or shall refuse or neglect to attend mjttee. the Meetings of the said Committee for the Space of Three Calendar Months, it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any General or Special Meeting to be called and held pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to elect some other Proprietor, being qualified as herein mentioned, to be' • a Member of the said Committee; and every such Proprietor so elected to fill any such Vacancy, shall continue in his Office as a Member of the said Committee, so long as the Person in whose Place or Stead he was elected would have been entitled to have continued, if such Death, Disqua-lification,‘_Refusal or Neglect had not happened.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be eligible to be elected One of the Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Undertaking, unless at the Time of the Election he shall be entitled to and possessed of Two Shares in the said Undertaking.

No Person to act as Committeeman unless possessed of Two Shares.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Ma- Meetings of nagement shall meet within Ten Days after being appointed, and at their lll.e(^°"d First Meeting shall elect One of the Members of the said Committee to Regulations be Chairman, and another Member to be Deputy Chairman respectively, for their for the Time such Committee shall continue in Office; but in case the Proceedings. Chairman so to be elected shall be absent at any of the Meetings of such Committee, the Deputy Chairman shall preside; and in case he shall likewise be absent, then the Members present at such Meeting shall, before they proceed upon any Business, elect from among themselves a Chairman pro tempore; and the said Committee shall hold their Meetings at such Place within the Borough of Plymouth, and as often as they shall think proper, but at least once in every Month, and may adjourn their Meetings from Time to Time and from Place to Place as they shall think fit; and all Questions, Matters, and Things which shall be proposed, discussed or considered by the said Committee of Management at any of their Meetings, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of the Members then present, the Number present not being less than Three; and in case of an equal Number of Votes upon any Question* including the Vote of the Chairman for the Time being, such Chairman shall have the decisive and casting Vote; and that if on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Committee, Three Members qualified to vote shall not attend, that then and in every such case the Meeting shall be adjourned till some Day in the following Week by the Member or Members then present, or if none be present, then by the Clerk of the said Company, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place; and that the [Local, j T y Chairman

178

4° GEORGII IV. v.

Chairman or any Three or more Members of the said Committee may at any Time when they shall think fit, call a Meeting of the Committee by Notice in Writing, signed by such Chairman, or Three or more Members, to be sent by the Post, or otherwise, to the Residence or Place of Abode of every Member of such Committee.

Power of

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Manage-Committee, ment for the Time being shall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Company, and shall have full Power and Authority to meet and adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, within the said Borough as aforesaid, and also at any Time to call Special General Meetings of the said Company, for any Purpose they may think proper, and to appoint the Time and Place of holding General and Special Meetings, and to direct the Affairs and Business of the said Undertaking, as well in issuing, receiving, or laying out and disposing of all Sums of Money to be issued or received, laid out or disposed of, for the Purposes of the same, as in contracting for and purchasing Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods, and Chattels for the Use of the said Undertaking, and in making and entering into Contracts or Agreements for lighting the said Town and Borough of Plymouth, and Places adjacent, or any of such Streets, Highways, Roads, Lanes, Passages, Market Places and other public Places, Dwelling Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, Manufactories, and other Buildings as aforesaid, and in affixing the Common Seal of the said Company to such Contracts or any other Deeds or Instruments whatsoever, which shall and are hereby declared to be binding on the said Company, and in nominating, appointing, electing, placing or displacing any Officer, Collector, Inspector, Engineer, Agent, or Servant of the said Company (except the Treasurer and Clerk herein-before directed to be appointed by a General Meeting of the said Company), with such Salary, Gratuities, or Recompence as to the said Committee shall seem proper; and in ordering, directing, and employing the Works and Workmen, and in selling and disposing of all Articles provided, produced or manufactured as aforesaid, and in making, enforcing and rescinding, compounding or compromising all Contracts and Bargains touching or in anywise concerning the same, subject to such Orders, Bye-laws, Rules and Regulations, as shall at any Time have been previously made by the said^Company, in Restraint, Controul, or Regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted j and the said Committee of Management may require such Security to be given to the said Company of Proprietors by any Officer or Officers, not being a Treasurer of the said Company, or other Persons, for the faithful Execution of their respective Duties, as they may think proper or reasonable.

Same Person

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not not to act be lawful for the said Company to appoint the Person who may be ap-as Clerk and pointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner Treasurer. of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Company; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer,

179

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

Treasurer, or being the Partner of such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Orders and Proceedings of every Meeting, as well of the said Company as of their Committee of Management, shall be entered by the Clerk in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings, so entered and signed by the Chairman of each respective Meeting, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts, and before all Judges, Justices and others; and that no Business shall be transacted at any Special General Meeting besides the Business for which it shall have been called, and no other Business shall be transacted at any adjourned Special General Meeting, than the Business left unfinished at the Meeting from which such Adjournment took place.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall have full Power to make such Call or Calls for Money from the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, as such Committee shall from Time to Time find requisite and necessary for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, so that no One such Call do exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for or in respect of any One Share of Fifty Pounds, and so that no Call or Calls be made but at the Distance of One Month at least from each other; and that the Sum or several Sums of Money so to be called for, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company for the Time being, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by such Committee, of which Time and Place Fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given in such Manner as the said Committee shall direct or appoint in that behalf; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Proportion of the Money to be called for by the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time appointed for Payment thereof, together with lawful Interest for the same from such appointed Time of Payment, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, at some General or Special Meeting to be held after such Neglect or Refusal, to declare all and every or any of the Share or Shares in the said Undertaking or Capital Stock of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her, or them on account thereof, to be forfeited, and from thenceforth the said Share or Shares so declared to be forfeited, and all the Profits, Benefits, and Advantages thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her, or them on account thereof, shall be vested in the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, to and for the Uses and Purposes of this Act.

Proceedings to be entered.

Committee to make Calls.

On Nonpayment of Calls, Shares to be forfeited.

180

No Share to be forfeited until Notice be given to the Proprietor thereof.

Company empowered to sell Shares become forfeited as aforesaid.

If the Purchase Money for such Shares shall be more than sufficient to pay the Arrears of Calls, and Interest, and Expences thereon, the Surplus to be paid the Owner on Demand.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Share or Shares of and in the said Undertaking shall be forfeited or vested in and accrue to the said Company, until after Thirty Days Notice in Writing shall have been given by the Clerk of the said Company to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, before the holding of such General or Special Meeting, in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and Account of the Money due from such Person or Persons for such Call or Calls in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, exclusive of the Interest thereon; and no such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to or vested in the said Company, if the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares shall, before the holding of such General or Special Meeting, pay what shall be due thereon for such Call or Calls as aforesaid, and legal Interest for the same, and all the Expences attending the Application for the same as aforesaid : Provided also, that every such Forfeiture, when so declared at such General or Special Meeting, shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors who shall have incurred such Forfeiture, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, against all Actions, Suits, and Proceedings whatsoever at Law or ia Equity, for any Breach of Contract between such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the said Company, in regard to the future Prosecution of the said Undertaking.

*'. • i v J1'* --

XLII. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares of and in the said Undertaking shall by virtue of this Act have become forfeited to or vested in the said Company as herein mentioned, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or their Committee of Management for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, to sell or cause to be sold by Public Auction or Private Contract, and by Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company to assign and transfer such and so many of the Share or Shares so become forfeited, as the said Company or their said Committee shall from Time to Time find necessary and direct to be sold, unto such Person or Persons as shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and such Assignments and Transfers shall be good, valid, and effectual, against the previous Owner or Owners of every such Share or Shares so forfeited to or vested in the said Company, and sold as aforesaid, and all Persons claiming under him, her, or them: Provided always, that in case the Money produced by the Sale of any such Share or Shares shall be more than sufficient to pay all such Arrears or Calls as aforesaid, and legal Interest thereon, and the Expences attending the Sale or Sales, the Surplus of such Money shall be paid to the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged on Demandj provided also, that the said Company or their Committee shall not by virtue of this Act sell or transfer, or direct to be sold or transferred, any more of such Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters in Payment of Calls, than shall be sufficient, as near as may be, at the Time of such Call, to pay the Arrears due from such Defaulter or Defaulters, for or on account of such Call or Calls, and the Interest and Expences attending the same; and from and after Payment of all and etery of such Call or Calls, and the Interest and

Expences

4" GEORGII r IV.) Cap. v.

181

Expences as aforesaid, any Share or Shares vested in the said Company as .Shares un-aforesaid, which shall remain in their Hands unsold, shall revert to and again become the Property of the Person or Persons to whom such Share Owners, or Shares shall have belonged immediately before such Forfeiture as aforesaid, in such Manner as if such Calls had been duly and regularly paid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Pro- Executors prietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall and Adminis-die before Payment shall have been made by him, her, or them, of the full Sum to be called for in respect thereof as herein mentioned, without payi,g calls, having made any sufficient Provision by Will, or otherwise, how such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how the future Calls in respect thereof shall be answered, then and in such Case the Executors or Administrators of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and the Trustee or Trustees,

Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or other Person entitled to the Estate and Effects of such Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against such Infant, and all other Persons whomsoever, for paying any Money which shall be called for as aforesaid, in respect of the Share or Shares of such deceased Proprietor or Proprietors.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Company, and their Successors, and they are hereby fully authorized and the

empowered, by their Servants, Agents, Workmen and others, from Time paveirtent of to Time to make and erect such Retorts, Gasometers, Receivers, and Streets, and other Buildings, Cisterns, Engines, Machines, or other Apparatus, Cuts, for laying Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, Reservoirs, and other Works and Devices, and and to erect, set up, place, and affix any Posts, Pillars, Pilasters, Lamp jf0U9e^ Irons and other Apparatus, in any of the said Streets, Highways, Roads,

Lanes, Passages, Market Places, and other public Places, and to carry, lay, or fix Pipes in or to the same, or against any Dwelling Houses, Buildings, or Walls, of such Construction respectively, and in such Manner as the said Company shall think necessary or proper for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution; and also to break up the Soil, Pitchings,

Gutters, and Pavements of any Streets, Highways, Roads, Lanes, Passages,

Market Places, and other public Places, or any private Grounds, Roads, > or Ways, or any Part of them, within the said Town and Borough of Plymouth and Places adjacent, and to dig and sink Trenches and Drains, and also to sink and lay Mains or Pipes, and put Stop-cocks, Syphons,

Plugs, or Branches from such Pipes, in, under, across, and along such Places as aforesaid, and in such Manner as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, or supplying any such Light as aforesaid; and from Time to Time to alter the Position of, and to repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes, Stop-cocks, Syphons, and Plugs or Branches, and also to carry, lay, fix, fit up, and furnish any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or other necessary Apparatus, from any Main or Pipe laid in any Street, Highway, Road, Lane, Passage, Market Place, or other Place by the said Company by virtue of this Act, into, through, or against any Dwelling House or Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, Manufactories, and other Buildings, for the Purpose of, lighting the same, or any public or private Lamp, from any of such Mains or Pipes; and to erect and set up any Machine or other Apparatus neces-\Local.] Z x . sary

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

sary or requisite for securing to any Dwelling House or Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, Manufactories, and other Buildings, a proper and competent Supply of Gas, or for measuring or ascertaining the Extent of such Supply; and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which shall have been so placed, or which shall be injured or damaged in such Dwelling House or Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, Manufactories, and other Buildings; and to do all such other Acts, Matters, and Things as the said Company and their Successors shall from Time to Time think necessary and convenient for completing and amending, repairing, improving, supplying, sustaining, and using the same: Provided always, that a proper Compensation be made by the said Company of Proprietors for any Damage to be done by the said Acts respectively; and provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize and empower the said Company, or their Successors, to sink or make any such Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, and Reservoirs in any Situation or Direction where the same can, shall, or may injure any present or future public or private Drain, Sewer or Well, nor to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, from any Main or Pipe, into or through or against any Dwelling House or Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, Manufactories and other Buildings as aforesaid, or so to continue the same, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, for the Time being, of every such Dwelling House or Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, Manufactories, and other Buildings as aforesaid; provided also, that the Soil, Pitchings, Gutters and Pavements of any Streets, Highways, Roads, Lanes, Passages, Market Places, and other public Places within the present or future Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners for executing the said Three recited Acts of the lenth, Twelfth, and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or of any other Commissioners who for the Time being now or hereafter shall have the ( ontroul, Direction, or Management of the paving, lighting, and otherwise improving the said Town and Borough and Places adjacent, or any Part thereof, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament which now is or are or hereafter shall be in force for that Purpose, shall only be broken up with the Consent of such Commissioners, and under the Inspection of their Surveyor; and that the Posts, Pillars, Pilasters, and Lamp Irons to be erected and fixed, and the Pipes to be carried, laid, or fixed in or to the same, or against any Dwelling Houses, Buildings, or Walls as aforesaid, for the Purpose of lighting the public Lamps, shall only be so erected, carried, laid, and fixed with the Approbation of the said Commissioners; provided* also, that all other public Streets, Highways, Roads, Lanes, Passages and other public Places shall only be broken up with the Consent of the Commissioners or Trustees respectively under whose Care, Superintendence, or ContToul the same Streets, Highways, Roads, Lanes, Passages and other public Places may be, and under the Inspection of the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Commissioners or Trustees respectively; provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Company to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes in, through, over, or upon any private Grounds, Roads or Ways, without the Consent in Writing of the Occupier or Occupiers and Owner or Owners thereof respectively.

'.A 7 XLV. Pro-

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v. 183

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases After Con«. where any Consent is required to be and shall be obtained by the said ""company Company to break or take up or remove the Soil, Pitchings, Gutters, or to break upy Pavements in or of any Streets, Highways, Roads, Lanes, Passages, Pavements, Market Places, or other public Places in the said Town and B >rough, further , and Places adjacent, in order to lay down any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, to convey Gas, or for any other Purpose which may be required under this Act, nothing in this Act contained shall, after such Consent obtained as aforesaid, and after Twenty-four Hours previous Notice (or, in case of Emergency, after Three Hours previous Notice) in Writing from the said Company or their Clerk, given to or left at the Place of Abode of such Surveyor or Surveyors, or of the Clerk to such Commissioners or Trustees respectively, or the Person or Persons having the Property of such Soil, Pitchings, Gutters, or Pavements, be deemed or construed to extend to prevent the said Company from repairing such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, or from breaking or taking up or removing any Soil, Pitchings, Gutters, or Pavements in or of any Streets, Highways, Roads, Lanes, Passages, Market Places, or other public Places whatsoever, for the Purpose of laying down or repairing any such Main or Mains, or any Pipe or Pipes whatsoever, or for any other Purpose which may be required under this Act: Provided always, that after the said Main Pipes shall have been first laid down and completed, and the public Lamps of the said Town of Plymouth shall have been begun to be lighted, all and every the new or additional Streets, Roads, Lanes, Passages, or other public Places which shall be required to be broken up by the said Company, in order to lay down any further Main Pipe or Pipes therein, shall only be so broken up subject to the Directions and Restrictions provided by this Act.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Workmen Workmen employed in laying or repairing any such Mains, Pipes, Plugs, Cocks, laying Pipes Syphons, or Branches, shall do as little Damage as may be, and shall to make good forthwith fill in the Trenches, and make good the Pavements and Roads, and carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby, and repair any Damage arising from any Drains, Sewers, or Cuts which may be made for carrying off the Washings or Waste Liquids, without any Delay, and shall in the meantime fence or guard and affix Lamps or Lights during the Night and all Night at or near the Place or Places where any Ground shall be opened, in such Manner as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages: Provided also, that if there shall be any wilful or neg- provjsjon in ligent Delay in the said Company of Proprietors, or any of their Agents Case of or Servants, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Default. Authority, in filling in any such Ground, or removing Rubbish, or making good any such Pavements or Roads, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners acting under the said Acts made in the Tenth, Twelfth, and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, or any other Commissioners as aforesaid, or for the Trustees or Commissioners under whose Jurisdiction, Care, or Management such Pavements or Roads now are or hereafter shall be respectively, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners or Trustees respect-

184

4° GEORGII i IV. ;lCap.v.

iv ively, to fill in such Ground and remove such Rubbish, and ta repair and make good the Pavement of any Street, Highway, Road, Lane, Passage, Market Place, or other public Place so broken up, and properly to fence or guard any such Trench or Excavation, and to place and maintain such Light or Lights during the Night as to him or them shall seem necessary; and that the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof shall be paid by the said Company or their Treasurer; and that in Default of Payment thereof for Thirty Days next after Demand shall be made by such Surveyor or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners or Trustees respectively, Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Borough of Plymouth aforesaid for the said County of Devon, as the Case may be), all such reasonable Costs and Charges, together with any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds by Way of Penalty, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, or such other Person or Persons, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Borough or County, and which Warrant such Justice and Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall be paid to such Commis- ■. sioners or Trustees, or their Treasurer respectively.

Position of •

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if, for the Purposes of the

Pipes, &c. said recited Acts made in the Tenth, Twelfth, and Fourteenth Years of the>

terecjkff Coin His sa^ ^ate Majesty, or of any future Act for paving, lighting,

missioners " watching, and otherwise improving the said Town and Borough of Ply-> desire it. mouth and Places adjacent, or for the Purposes of any Act or Acts relating to Roads or Highways within the said Town and Borough of Ply-f f -j; mouth and Places adjacent, it shall at any Time or Times hereafter be deemed necessary or expedient by the Commissioners or Trustees respect- \

ively acting under and by virtue of the same Acts, to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the Situation of any of the Mains, Pipes, Stopcocks, Plugs, or Branches which shall be laid down for the Purposes aforesaid, within the present or future Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners or Trustees respectively; the said Company of Proprietors shall, at the Expence, Costs, and Charges of the said Commissioners or Trustees respectively,: within One Calendar Month next after being required so to do, by Notice, in Writing to them given by the said Commissioners or Trustees respect-1 ively, signed by their Clerk, raise, sink, or alter such Mains, Pipes, Stop--cocks. Plugs, or Branches, according to such Notice, in such Manner and . in such Place or Places as the said Commissioners or Trustees respect-, ively shall think right or proper; and in Default thereof it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees respectively, or their, Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons acting by their Order or under; their Authority, (at the like Costs and Charges of the said Commissioners or Trustees respectively), to cause such Mains, Pipes, Stopcocks, Plugs, or Branches to be raised, sunk, or altered as aforesaid, so that no Damage be done thereby to the said Company or their Successors; and so that they be not thereby, during the Time of making such Alteration or afterwards, prevented from or obstructed in lighting any public or private Lamp or ,tr’ Lamps,

185

4? GEORGII IV. Gip.v.

Lamps, unless from unavoidable Necessity; in any or either of which Cases the said Commissioners or Trustees respectively shall make Compensation to the said Company for such Damage or Obstruction.

• .vataxii&in bus > / -t t .• v.'f v ;r. - £ v'U'S

XLVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Company shall at any Time hereafter break up the Soil, Pitchings, Gutters, or Pavements of any private Ground, Road, or Way, for the Purpose of laying and shall lay any Pipe or Main along, under, or across the same, with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers thereof for the Time being; and such Owner or Owners and Occupier or Occupiers shall, at any Time or Times thereafter, deem it necessary or expedient to alter and vary the Position of such Pipe or Pipes, Main or Mains, the said Company of Proprietors shall, at the Expence, Costs, and Charges of such Owner or Owners and Occupier or Occupiers respectively, within One Calendar Month next after being required so to do by Notice in Writing to them given by the said Owner or Owners and Occupier or Occupiers, alter and vary the Position of such Pipe or Pipes, Main or Mains, and relay the same according to such Notice, in such Manner and in such Place or Places as the said Owner or Owners and Occupier or Occupiers shall think right or proper; and in Default thereof it shall be lawful to and for the said Owner or Owners and Occupier or Occupiers, or their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, (at the like Costs and Charges of the said Owner or Owners and Occupier or Occupiers), to cause the Position of such Pipe or Pipes, Main or Mains, to be altered, varied, and relaid as aforesaid, so that no Damage be done thereby to the said Company or their Successors; and so that they be not thereby, during the Time of making such Alteration or afterwards, prevented from or obstructed in lighting any public or private Lamp or Lamps, unless from unavoidable Necessity; in any or either of which Cases the said Owner or Owners and Occupier or Occupiers shall make Compensation to the said Company for such Damage or Obstruction.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Surveyor for the Time being of the said Commissioners or Trustees respectively, shall refuse or neglect to attend to inspect any of the Works hereby directed to be done under his Inspection, and which shall have been consented to by the said Commissioners or Trustees respectively, after being thereunto required for the Space of Twenty-four Hours, by Notice in Writing from the said Company or their Clerk, given to or left at the Place of Abode of the said Surveyor, the said Company are hereby fully authorized to do and perform such Works without the Inspection of such Surveyor; any thing herein contained to the‘contrary thereof notwithstanding.

. . - ''r*' r '■

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Pipe, Cock, or Branch shall be carried or laid from any Main or Pipe of the said Company into or through or against any private Dwelling House or Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, Manufactories, and other Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same or any other Dwelling House or Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, Manufactories, and other Buildings, in pursuance of and conformably to the Powers and "v [Loca/.J 3 A Authorities

Position of Pipes in private Grounds may be altered, if Owners and Occupiers desire it.

Non-attendance of Surveyor of Commissioners not to retard the Works.

Company to remove Branch Pipes, &c. on private Property on Notice.

ers of Pave nients, &c. not to be affected.

186 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v,

Authorities in this Act contained, and the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of any such private Dwelling House or Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, Manufactories, and other Buildings into or through or against which such Pipe, Cock, or Branch shall pass or be laid, shall be desirous that the same Pipe, Cock, or Branch shall be altered or removed and taken away, and of such their Desire shall give Notice in Writing to the said Company, then and in every such Case the said Company shall, at the Costs and Charges of the Parties requiring the same, within Ten Days after Receipt of such Notice, alter or remove and take away or cause to be altered or removed and taken away all or any such Pipes, Cocks, and Branches as shall have been so introduced and laid therein or thereupon from any such Main or Pipe of the said Company as aforesaid; and in Default thereof it shall and may be lawful to and for such Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers, or any other Person or Persons acting under their Authority, to cause such Pipes, Cocks, and Branches to be altered or removed and taken away as the Case may require.

Power of

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Comnmsion- Act contained shall have the Effect of depriving the said Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said Three several Acts made in the Tenth, Twelfth, and Fourteenth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, or their Successors, or any other Commissioners who for the Time being shall have the Controul, Direction, or Management of the paving, lighting, and otherwise improving the said Town and Borough, and Places adjacent, or any Part thereof, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament which now is or are or hereafter shall be in force for that Purpose, or any other Person or Persons, of any Right, Power, or Authority which they or any of them possess, or of interfering with any Right, Power, or Authority, which they or any of them may hereafter acquire, of lighting the Streets, Highways, Roads, Lanes, Passages, Market Places, and other Public Places within the said Town and Borough, and Places adjacent, with Gas Lights, or in any other Manner; or to defeat, abridge, alter, obstruct, or in any Manner interfere with the Rights, Powers, and Authorities of the said Commissioners, or to remove any of the Disabilities or Restrictions, or to take away any of the Penalties or Forfeitures contained in the said Three several Acts of Parliament, or imposed thereby; but that the said Acts, and all and every the Matters, Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Disabilities, Restrictions, Provisions, Articles, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Clauses therein contained, shall be and continue in full force and effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as the same are not expressly varied, altered, or affected by the Provisions herein contained, or any of them, in such and the like Manner as if this Act had not passed.

For protect-

LII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall ^*ter extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Com-_ or s am pan^ any Way whatsoever to interfere with or abridge the Rights or Privileges of the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth, or any Person or Persons whomsoever having the Right, Privilege, and Power to supply the Inhabitants of the said Borough, or the Neighbourhood thereof, or His

5 Majesty’s

Pipes.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

Majesty's Navy, with Water, and the said Company shall be and they are hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil, Injury, or Mischief, which shall be done to any of the Pipes, Works, or Property of the said Mayor and Commonalty, or the Pipes or Branches of any Person or Persons communicating with such Pipes, Works, or Property, or which shall or may be sustained by them, or any or either of them, by reason or in consequence of any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done or executed by the said Company, or any of their Agents, Servants, or Workmen; and the said Company shall and they are hereby required to pay the Amount of such Damage, Spoil, Injury, or Mischief on Demand, such Amount to be ascertained by any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough or County, and to be recovered in the same Manner as any Expences or Penalty under this Act may be recovered.

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Company, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to break, take up, or disturb the Ground, Stones, Soil, or Pavement, in or of any Road or Highway within the Limits of this Act, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons, in whom the Superintendence, Property, or Controul of any such Road or Highway is by Authority of Parliament or otherwise howsoever vested, under the Hand or Hands of their proper Officer or Officers; and that all and every the Works, Matters, and Things at any Time hereafter to be done or performed by the said Company, or their Servants, Workmen, or others, in, upon, through, or over any such Road or Highway, shall be subject to the Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, and Notices, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Rules, Directions, Forfeitures, Claims, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament for the making, amending, repairing, or improving any such Road or Highway, or otherwise relating thereto, so far as the same or any of them are applicable to Gas Light Companies, as fully and effectually as if the same had been amply re-enacted therein.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person being a Proprietor of the said Company shall be entitled to be present and vote at any Meeting to be holden by the Commissioners acting under the said recited Acts of the Tenth, Twelfth, and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, or any Commissioners to be appointed by any future Act for lighting the said Town of Plymouth, upon any Question which shall arise relative to any Contract to be entered into between the said Commissioners and the said Company for lighting the said Borough of Plymouth with Gas, or upon any other Matter or Question which shall relate to or in anywise concern the said Company in which such Proprietor shall be beneficially interested, upon pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person shall lay, or cause to be laid, any Iron, Leaden, or other Pipe or Tube to

communicate

187

O

Company to be subject to all Acts of Parliament relating to Roads.

Gas Light Proprietors, being Commissioners of Paving, not to vote on Contracts with the Company.

No Pipes of Communication to be

188 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

laid without communicate with any Pipe belonging to the said Company, without the the Consent consent of the said Company under their Common Seal first had and ob-pany? °m" tained, or use any other Burner or Burners than such as shall be provided by the said Company, or use Burners of larger Dimensions, or of a different Form, nor more in Number than he, she, or they shall respectively contract or pay for, or supply any Inhabitant or other Person with any Part of such Gas, on pain of forfeiting and paying to the said Company the Sum of Forty Shillings a Day for every Day such Pipe shall so remain, or such Burner or Burners which shall not have been provided by the said Company, or Burners of larger Dimensions, or of a different Form, or more in Number as aforesaid shall be used, or such Supply furnished, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Plymouth (or the said County of Devon, as the Case may be), and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to grant; and the Surplus, after such Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said Borough or County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall so think fit, also to take off the Supply of Gas from the House and Premises of the Person so offending, notwithstanding any Contracts or Agreements which may have been previously entered into.

Penalty on

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Corn-Company for pany shall at any Time drain or convey, or cause or suffer to be drained conveying or COnveyed, or to run or flow, any Washings, or other waste Liquids, into arwLeat Substances, or Things whatsoever, which shall arise or be produced in Stream, &c.' the Prosecution of the Works of the said Gas Light Company, or in the Process of obtaining the said Gas, into any Leaf, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, or Spring Head, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or do or cause to be done any Annoyance, Act, or Thing to the Water contained in any such Leaf, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, or Spring Head, or Well, Drain, Sewer, or Ditch, whereby the said Water, or any Part thereof, shall or may be soiled, fouled, or corrupted, then in each and in every such Case the said Company shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed j and the whole of such Penalty shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same: Provided always, that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable unless the same be sued for within Twelve Calendar

Months

189

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

Months from the Time that such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage,

Act, or Thing shall have ceased and determined : Provided also, that over and above and in addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, whether such Penalty shall have been sued for or recovered or not, in case any of the said Washings or other waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things shall be drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, into any Leat, Brook, or running Stream, or any Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder,

Pond, Spring Head, or Weil, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or any such Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the said Company, and the said Company shall not within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice shall have been given to them as aforesaid, stop, hinder, or prevent all and every such Washings, waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things from being drained, conducted, or conveyed, or from running or flowing in manner aforesaid, and every such other Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury,

Damage, Act, or Thing from being done as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Company shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, for each and every Day such Washings, waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things shall be so drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be so done, or caused to be done as aforesaid; and such last-mentioned Penalty shall and may be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Informer or to the Person or Persons who, in the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Conviction shall take place, shall have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage by any such Act so done or committed.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Company Company to shall and they are hereby directed and required to supply such of the supply a Streets, Highways, Roads, Lanes, Passages, Market Places, and other public Places in the said Town and Borough, and Places adjacent, as Light than shall be lighted under and by virtue of this Act, with Gas of such Quality Oil. as shall at all Times afford a cheaper and better Light than could be obtained from Oil; and every Contract or Agreement which shall be entered into for lighting with Gas any Street, Highway, Road, Lane,

Passage, Market Place, and other public Place by the said Company, shall contain a Clause providing that it shall be obligatory on the said Company that such Street, Highway, Road, Lane, Passage, Market Place and other public Place shall at all Times be better and cheaper lighted by the said Company than could be done by Oil.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Branch or service Pipes Service Pipes which shall be laid down or put up by the said Company to be kept for lighting the Streets, Highways, Roads, Lanes, Passages, Market Places, fu.Hy charged and other public Places in the said Town and Borough, and Places adja- With Ga8, cent, under any Contract or Agreement with the said Commissioners, shall be kept fully charged with Gas, and the Stopcocks shall be so formed and turned as not to impede or prevent the said Branch or Ser-f Local.'] 3 B vice

190

For stopping the Escape of Gas.

Remedy for Recovery of Rents.

4 GEORGII IV. Cap.y.

vice Pipes being completely filled with Gas during the Time the same shall be lighted.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or set up by the said Company in pursuance of this Act, the said Company shall, at their own Expence, immediately after receiving Notice by Parole or in Writing (to be left or given at their Office or usual Place of transacting their Business) of any such Escape of Gas, from any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Company shall not within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice by Parole or in Writing being given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from further escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of Complaint, that then and in every such Case the said Company shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for each and every Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of giving any such Notice, during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid; which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recoverable in a summary Way, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before some One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Plymouth, (or the said County of Devon, as the Case may be), and shall and may be recovered, with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, by the Warrant of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to be granted in like Manner, and subject to the like Provisions as are herein directed, touching other Penalties to be recovered from the said Company.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall contract with the said Company, or agree to take, use or enjoy the Benefit of the said Gas in their Dwelling House, or Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, Manufactories or other Buildings, shall refuse or neglect, after the Space of Ten Days after Demand, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money then due for the same to the said Company, according to the Terms and Stipulations with the said Company, it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their Clerk or Superintendant, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Plymouth, (or the said County of Devon, as the Case may be), to levy the said Sum or Sums in respect whereof such Refusal or Neglect shall happen, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, after the necessary Charges of making such Distress and Sale shall be first deducted, or the same, with Costs of Suit, may be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoigti, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and also, that after such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or their

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v. 191

their Clerk or Engineer, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to cause the Gas so supplied to any such Dwelling House or Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, Manufactories, or other Buildings as aforesaid, to be withheld in such Manner as the Arid Company, or their Clerk or Engineer, shall for that Purpose think proper. '

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wantonly or Penalty for maliciously hinder or interrupt the Workmen or Servant?, or any of them, in the Sevice of the said Company, in doing or performing any of the Workmen. Works, or in the Exercise of any of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or shall in anywise cause or procure such Interruption ojr Hindrance to take place, and shall be thereof convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said Borough of Plymouth, (or the said County of Devon, as the Case may be), either on Evidence of any credible Witness, or by Confession of the Party accused, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum, to be adjudged by such Justice or Justices, not exceeding Five Pounds; and such Sum so adjudged shall and may be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may by virtue of this Act be recovered.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully. Penalty for wantonly or maliciously, remove, take away, break, destroy, damage pr p*magl£8 injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Post, Pillar, Pilaster, Lamp Iron, pe8> c* •Lamp, Plug, or other Apparatus, Matter or Thing belonging to the said Company, or shall wilfully, wantonly or maliciously extinguish or put out any or either of the public Lamps and Lights, or wilfully or maliciously waste any of the Inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, every Person so offending in any one or either of the respective Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted, on the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Plymouth, (or the said County of Devon, as the Case may be), shall for each separate and distinct Act or Offence herein-before enumerated, forfeit and pay to the aforesaid Company any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and Three Times the Amount of the Damage done, as the same shall be ascertained by such Justice or Justices; such Penalty and Damage, together with reasonable Costs,to be levied under the Warrant of such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; or if it shall appear to the said Justice or Justices, either by Confession or otherwise, that the Offender or Offenders hath or have not any Goods or Chattels sufficient to levy such Forfeiture or Damage aforesaid, such Offender or Offenders .shall or may be forthwith committed to the Common Gaol of the said Borough or County, there to remain for any Time to be fixed, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture, Damages, and Costs so directed to be levied shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall earelessly or accidentally break, destroy, throw down, damage or injure

any

Satisfaction for accidental Damage to Lamps, &c«

192

For compelling the Attendance of Witnesses, and respecting Services of Notices.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

any Lamp or Lamps hung out, set up, or belonging to the said Company, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their private Expence, or any Pipe, Post, Pillar, Pilaster, Lamp Iron, Plug or other Apparatus, Matter or Thing belonging thereto, or to the said Company; or carelessly or accidentally waste any of the Inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, or keep the Lights burning for a longer Time than he, she, or they respectively shall contract to pay for, and shall not, upon Demand by the said Company, or their Clerk or Superintendant, or other Person or Persons authorized by them, make Satisfaction for the Damage done or the Excess of Gas obtained and used, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Plymouth, (or the said County of Devon, as the Case may be), and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to summon before him or them the Party or Parties against whom Such Complaint shall be preferred j and upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or on Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained against, to award such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction to the said Company, or to such other Person or Persons, (as the Case may require,) for such Damages or Excess, as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums so awarded, within Three Days after Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for .such Justice or Justices, or any One of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause the same to be raised and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matter contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on behalf of the Prosecutor, or on behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and shall, after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her, or their Costs and Expences, refuse or neglect to appear from Time to Time, at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect of appearing; or shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer), and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, then and in every such Case any such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and that in all Cases of Notices and Summonses by this Act directed or required to be given or served, which shall or may be necessary for carrying into Execution any of the Powers of this Act, the Services of any such Notices or Summonses, either on the Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be given, or leaving the same, or a true Copy thereof, at his, her, or their Dwelling House, or usual or last Place of Abode, shall be good and sufficient Service of any and every such Notices or Summonses.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Witness or Witnesses who shall be examined by or before any Justice of the Peace or otherwise under this Act, upon Oath, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, and shall be thereof convicted, he, she, or they so giving false Evidence shall be subject to the same Punishment as if he, she, or they had been convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Costs, Charges, Damages, Compensations, or Expences are by this Act directed to be paid or received by the said Company to of from any Body Corporate or Politic, Commissioners, Trustees, or other Person or Persons,.' and the Amount of such Costs, Charges, Damages, Compensations, or Expences shall not be agreed on by or between the Parties, and is not herein or hereby otherwise directed or authorized to be ascertained and recovered, the same shall be settled and determined by any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Plymouth, (or the said County of Devon, as the Case may be,) and who are hereby authorized and required, within Seven Days next after Complaint or Application shall be made to them for that Purpose by the Party aggrieved or entitled to claim Compensation, to inquire into, and upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, ascertain and determine the same in a summary way; and in case the Amount of such Costs, Charges, Damages, Compensations, and Expences so to be ascertained and determined as aforesaid shall not be paid and discharged within Ten Days next after the same shall have been so ascertained and determined, and Demand of Payment having been duly made, the Amount thereof or of so much thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with any Penalties which may then have been incurred in consequence of such Nonpayment, shall and may upon Proof by the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses of such Demand and Neglect of Payment, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties to whom it shall belong to pay the same, together with the Costs of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Borough or County, which Warrant they are accordingly hereby authorized and directed to grant; and for the Purpose of being executed in a different Jurisdiction to that in which such Warrant shall have issued, such Warrant shall and may be indorsed by the Justice or Justices of such other Jurisdiction in the like Manner as Warrants of Distress and Sale are now permitted and authorized; and the Amount which shall be recovered and received under such Warrant shall be paid to the Party or Parties authorized to claim and receive the same under the Provisions herein contained, who, after deducting the necessary Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall pay over the Surplus thereof (if any) to the Party or Parties so refusing or neglecting; or the Amount may be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

t *

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of [Locals] 3 C levying,

193

Persons giving false Evidence to be punished.

For ascertaining and compelling Payment of Costs, Damages, and Expences.

Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

104

4° <^Q|tlGIU 1W'* CapM.

" levying, recovering, and applying whereof is not herein otherwise directed), shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the Borough of Plymouth, or County of Devon, where the Offence shall have been committed (as the Case may require), either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is in every such Case hereby fully authorized to administer), be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus (if any) after such I Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and

Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his or their Appearance before such Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the Borough of Plymouth (or the County of Devon, as the Case may require), there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than One Month, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid and applied as follows; One Moiety thereof to the Treasurer of the said Company for their Use, and the other Moiety thereof to such public Charity of and in the said Borough of Plymouth, or County of Devon, as the said Justices shall think proper.

Form of '

LXVIII. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this

Conviction. Act, be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect

following shall be good without alleging more than the Substance of the

Offence; videlicet,

C _ . I W V • *■ fc AM A

— - .j---L, .ntheYe*

Devon, to vrit.] J Lord One thousand eight hundred and is [or, are] convicted before me [or, us, as the Case may be~\ of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Borough of Plyi

Borough of Plymouth in

Case may. be

7

* the

4° GEORGII IV.

the County of Devon, [or, for the County of Devon, as the Case may be,'] by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act] of having [specifying the Offence and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be] contrary to the said Act; and for which Offence I [or, we, as the Case shall beJ do adjudge the said to have forfeited the Sum of

Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above written.*

m

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, Body Proceedings or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall be subject or liable to the Payment s^x^aTendar of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act for any MonthsT Offence or Offences against this Act, unless Information respecting such Offence or Offences shall have been lodged before a Justice of the Peace within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence is committed.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied under the Authority of this Act, or any Order or Bye-Law made in pursuance thereof, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in any of the Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any subsequent Iriegularity in the Party or Parries so distraining; but the Person or Persons so aggrieved may recover by Action on the Case full Satisfaction for the Special Damage by him Or them sustained in consequence of such Irregularity; but no Person or Persons shall recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall before such Action brought have been made by or on behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed tiny such Irregularity as aforesaid, or shall have been guilty of any Trespass or other wrongful Proceeding; and in case no such Tender shall have been made it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court in which any such Action shall be pending, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Distress not unlawful for want of Form.

<( *>• •3.11 Ktiui‘1 gar

moil boil

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had Proceeding* touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, or any Order, not to be Rule, or Bye-Law made in pursuance thereof, nor any Judgment or De- or

termination to be made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or Form, or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or removed by quashed for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Certiorari. Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Proprietors, or their Surveyors or other Officers respectively.

For securing

transient

Offenders.

196 4° GEORGII IV. v.

tively, and such Person or Persons as they or any of them shall call to their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any Person or Persons (being unknown to such Proprietors, Surveyors, or other Officers) who shall commit any Offence or Offences ag iinst this Act, and take him, her, or them before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Plymouth (or the said County of Devon, as the Case may be) j and such Justice and Justices shall and is and are hereby required to proceed and act with respect to such Offender or Offenders according to the Provisions of this Act. i

Nothing in this Art to prevent Company from beiirg indicted for a Nuisance.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding by Indictment or otherwise against the said Company or against any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, in respect of any Works of the said Company, or the Method which shall be employed by them for furnishing such Lights as aforesaid as a public or private Nuisance, or from bringing any Actions against the said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works or Method of Lighting, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Nature of such Method of Lighting, or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of the Persons employed therein.

Justices of the Peace being Proprietors, disqualified from acting. Justices for Devon to act in certain Cases.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Plymouth, being a Proprietor of the said Gas Company, shall act as Justice of the Peace in any Case whatsoever relating to the Execution of this Act: Provided always, that in case any Cause of Complaint, Matter or Thing hereby made cognizable by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, shall happen or arise without the Limits of the said Borough, and within the County of Devon, the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, not being Proprietors of the said Gas Company, shall have the same Power and Authority to hear and determine such Complaints, Matters and Things, by the Examination of Witnesses upon Oath or otherwise, and to grant and execute Summonses, Warrants of Distress, Commitments and other Proceedings relating thereto, as fully and effectually as by the Laws now in force they are enabled to do, and as the said Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, not being disqualified as aforesaid, are authorized to do by virtue of this Act.

Appeal. ,

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Company, or any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or by any Bye-Law, Rule or Order to be made in pursuance hereof (and for which no particular Method of Relief is herein-before appointed), the said Company, or such Person or Persons, may appeal either to the Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Ply mouthy or to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, at the Option of the Party making such Appeal, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Borough or County respectively, within the Space of Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, such Appellant

4° GEORGII IV.* Cap.r. 197

or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause thereof, to the said Company, or other the Respondent or Respondents, and within Ten Days next after such Notice given, entering into a Recognizance before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough or County, as the Case may be, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at such General or Quarter Sessions, and to abide the Order of and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award such Costs to either Party as they shall think proper, and the Determination of the Justices at such Sessions once made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein it may Directing be requisite or necessary for any Person or Persons, Party or Parties, to Jbe serve any Notice or Notices upon the said Company, or any Writ or Service of Writs, or other legal Proceedings, the Service thereof upon the Chairman Notice, &c. or on a Member of the said Committee of Management for the Time being, on the Com-or left at his usual Place of Abode, or upon the Clerk of the said Com- Pany* pany for the Time being, or at the Office of such Clerk, or left at his usual Place of Abode, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Company.

LXXVII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successors, and to the Mayor and Commonalty of the said Bo- Saving of rough of Plymouth, and their Successors, and to the said Commissioners Klg ts‘ for carrying into Execution the said Acts of Parliament of the Tenth,

Twelfth, and Fourteenth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, and their Successors, and to all other Commissioners and Trustees who for the Time being shall have the Controul, Direction, or Management of the paving, lighting, and otherwise improving the said Town and Borough of Plymouth and Places adjacent, or any Part thereof, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament which now is or are or hereafter shall be in force for that Purpose, and to the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, and to the Sutton Pool Company, and to the Company of . Proprietors for embanking Part of the Lara, and to the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway Company, their several and respective Rights, Privileges, Powers, Authorities and Trusts, Franchises and Immunities, as fully and completely in every respect as they respectively enjoyed the same before the passing of this Act.

LXXVIII. And be it futher enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of Expences attending the applying for, obtaining and passing this Act, or the Act ow otherwise incurred in relation to the same, shall be paid and discharged to be paid* by the said Committee of Management, out of the Monies already subscribed or to be subscribed for the Purposes of this Act.

3 &

198

[Public Act.]

4° GEORGII IV. Cap

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IY. REGIS.

Cap. vi.

An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair, several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash in the County of Cornwall.

[24th March 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act 2G. 3. c. 43. for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash in the County of Cornwall: And whereas another Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act 17G. 3. c. 78. for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Second Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash in the County of Cornwall: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term and altering and 42 G. 3. c. 17. enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Second and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash in the County of Cornwall: And whereas the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; and the Sums so borrowed, and the Tolls collected, have been duly applied in amending the said Roads, and for the . [Locall] 3 E other

202

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. vi.

3 6.4. c. 126.

The Three first recited Acts repealed, and this Act to take effect instead thereof.

other Purposes of the said Acts; Part of which Money so borrowed still remains due, together with an Arrear of Interest, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly amended and kept in repair by the Trustees, unless the Term of the said Acts (which is near expiring) be continued, and further Powers granted : And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and it would be more convenient to the Trustees for executing the said Three first-recited Acts, if the same were to be repealed, and further and more effectual Powers granted instead thereof, for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair the said Roads; but as such Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the Wednesday Fortnight after the passing of this Act, the said Three first-recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be and are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents apd Purposes whatsoever; and that instead thereof this Act shall then commence and take place, and be put into Execution, for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair the Roads leading from Trerule Foot by Pole Markin over Heskin Bridge, through the Villages of Tiddeford in the Parish of Saint Germans, and Landrake in the Parish of Landrake, over Plotter Bridge to Borctton Lane End, in the Parish of Saint Stephen's next Ash, to Culver Park Gate, in a Lane commonly called The Back Lane, within the Borough of Saltash, and from a certain Place called Saltash Passage, within the said Parish of Saint Stephen's next Ash, in the County of Cornwall, to Weston Mills, within the Parish of Saint Budeaux, and the Tithing of Weston Peverell otherwise Pennycross, by Swilley, in the Parish of Stoke Damerell, to the Corner of the Meadow at the East End of the Bridge by the Lower Grist Mills within the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and from the North Stile of the Churchyard of the said Parish of Saint Stephen's next Ash, by Cowclers, to the Almshouse of the said’Borough of Saltash, and from Boraton Lane End aforesaid, through the Village of Carkeil within the said Parish of Saint Stephen's next Ash, unto a certain Place, commonly called and known by the Name of The Fighting Cocks, within the Parish of Botus Flemming in the said County of Cornwall; and that the additional Term and the Tolls hereby granted shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due on the Credit or on account of the said Three first-recited Acts, or any of them, or which shall hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed and become due and owing on the Credit or on account of the Tolls granted by this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, and Securities made or entered into by any Person or Persons, to or with the Trustees for executing the said Three first-recited Acts, or any of them, according to the Provisions and Directions thereof, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are or

io shall

4" GEORGII 1IV. Cap. vl

shall be fully satisfied and performed; and all Covenants, Contracts, Orders, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, Deeds-poll, and Securities duly made and entered into by the Trustees for executing the said Three first-recited Acts, or any of them, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees under this Act, and be observed and kept by them, according to the Terms, Stipulations, Conditions, and Tenor thereof respectively; and that no Trustee or Trustees, under the said Three first-recited Acts or this Act, shall be liable to the Payment of any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, with or out of his own proper Monies or individual Estate, which is, are, or that shall hereafter be due or owing to or recoverable by any Person or Persons, for or on account of the said Roads or relative thereto, notwithstanding any thing contained in this Act, or the Repeal hfereby of the said Three first-recited Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said rtcited Act, passed in the Powers of Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the

Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Re* thi^Act. ° ‘ medies, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustee*. Peace for the Time being, acting for the respective Counties of Cornwall and Devon, together with Sir Thomas Dyke Ackland Baronet, Sir William Pratt Call Baronet, Sir William Elford Baronet, Sir William Lemon Baronet,

Sir Masse Manasseh Lopes Baronet, Sir Anthony Buller Knight, John Buller,

James Buller, Richard Buller Clerk, John Buller Clerk, Edmund Pownall Bastard, Edward Bennett, Nicholas Bennett, William Bennett, John Bennett,

Richard Berryman, Richard Booth Bowden, James Howell Ball, John Bur ell,

Arthur Bur ell, Thomas Bewes, William Richard Berryman, Robert Billing,

John Were Clark, George Collins, Charles Trelawney Collins Clerk, John Tillie Coryton, Reginald Pole Carew, John Stephens Croft, Charles Carpenter, Isaac Dawson Clerk, John Evans, Jonathan Elford, Jonathan Elford junior,

Thomas Edwards, John Edwards, George Fortescue Clerk, John Foot, William Foot, John Strode Foot Clerk, Ralph Franco, Edmund Henn Gennys, James Glencross, Francis Glanville, Edward Hawkins, Robert Hawker Doctor in Divinity, William Harnett, John Harris, Henry Hotchkys, Nathaniel Hearle,

David Horndon Clerk, George Hunt, Richard Julian, Richard Addis Archer Julian, William Jacobson, Charles Lethbridge Clerk, William Langmead,

Nicholas Mill Clerk, Thomas Harrison Valletort Mill Clerk, Thomas Arthur Mumford, Edward Morshtad Clerk, Henry Anderson Morshead, John Spurred Pode, William Pode, Simeon Palmer, Stephen Puddicombe Clerk,

Walter Radcliffe Clerk, Francis Hearle Rodd, Richard Rosdew, Charles Rashleigh, Thomas Sanders, Isaac Toby, Benjamin Tucker, Peter Tonkin,

John Tonkin, Henry Hawkins Tremayne Clerk, Warwick Hele Tonkin, Paul Treby Treby, Charles Trelawney, John Harle Tremayne, John Wilcocks, and George Westcott, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, turning, and from Time to Time improving and keeping in repair, the Roads herein-before mentioned and described, and for otherwise putting this Act into Execution.

204

Power to appoint additional Trustees.

Trustees to be sworn.

Oath.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. vi.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at their First Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect any additional Number of fit and proper Persons, not exceeding Three in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this and the said last recited Act $ and such Trustees, when so elected, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this and the said last recited Act, as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in or by virtue of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed and prescribed, and unless being so qualified he shall before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned) take and subscribe before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath following; that is to say,

* T do swear, That I will truly and impartially, accord-

* ing to the best of my Judgment, execute and perform the several 4 Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue ‘ of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act]; and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, i intituled [here set forth the Title of the General Turnpike Act.[\

'So help me GOD.’

And if any Person shall act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

First Meeting

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for executing this et Trustees. and the said last recited Act, or any Three or more of them, shall meet together at the Green Dragon Hotelt in the Borough of Saltash, or at some other Inn or Public House in the Town of Saltash aforesaid, on the Wednesday Three Weeks after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and proceed to the Execution of this and the said last recited Act, and shall then and from Time to Time after adjourn to and meet again at such Time and at such Place or Places within the Town of Saltash aforesaid, or within the Town of Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, and not elsewhere, as they or the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings shall think proper, so as One out of every Three

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. vi. 205

of the Meetings of the said Trustees shall be held within the Town of Plymouth Dock aforesaid, and the other Two at Saltash.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three Trustees to or more of them, at any of their Meetings, shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Clerk, and also a Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or w ce ' Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary; and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Officer or Officers, may appoint another or others in his or their Stead j and every such Appointment, or a Memorandum thereof, shall be entered in the Book of the Proceedings of the Trustees, and the Entry shall be signed by the Trustees making the Appointment, or by the major Part of the Trustees present at the Meeting where the Appointment is made j and Ten Days Notice shall be published on all the Turnpike Gates standing or being across the said Roads, of every Meeting where any such Appointment shall be intended to be made, after the First Meeting of the said Trustees, specifying the Intention of appointing any such Officer or Officers; and the said Trustees shall and may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed, or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in and about the carrying this and the said last-recited Act into Execution, and also all such Costs and reasonable Sums as they the said Trustees, or any of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers by them appointed, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall have been at or put unto, or shall have expended in the due Execution of this and the said last recited Act, and of the Powers and Authorities given or granted thereby, or in defending or prosecuting any Action or Suit, Indictment or Indictments, Information, or other Proceeding whatsoever, for or on account thereof, or for or concerning any Matter or Thing whatsoever which he or they shall have done or ordered to be done in the due Execution thereof, or in or about the Prosecution of any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever which such Person or Persons shall have done in contravention of, or contrary to this or the said last-recited Act, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and to order and direct their Treasurer or Treasurers to pay and defray the same respectively, out of any Money in his or their Hands arising from the Tolls hereby granted: Provided always, that the Clerk, Receivers, Collectors and Surveyor, who have been appointed under and by virtue of the said Three first-recited Acts hereby repealed, and also the Treasurer or Treasurers (if he or they shall have been appointed under the Provisions of the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, but not otherwise), shall respectively continue to hold and exercise such their several and respective Offices and Employments, until they shall respectively be removed therefrom by the said Trustees for executing this and the said last-recited Act, or resign the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books Booi<8 U8e(j containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing under former the said recited Acts, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or Acts to be entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given

\Locair\ 3 F in

206

Empowering Trustees to continue and erect Toll Gates, &c.

The Two presentTurn-pikes to remain.

Collectors empowered to take Tolls.

Tolls.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. vl

in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to continue the Turnpike Gates or Toll Gates already erected upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, and to erect, or cause to be erected, any Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates in, upon, or across any Part of the said Roads, and upon the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and across any Lane or Way leading into the same (except as hereinafter is excepted); and also to erect or provide, or cause to be erected or provided, a Toll House or Toll Houses at or near each Turnpike Gate, as they the said Trustees shall think meet or expedient.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall continue the Two Turnpikes now erected upon the Road between Trerule Foot and the Town of Plymouth, the one at the Almshouse of the Town of Saltash, and the other at Weston Mills, in the Tithing of Weston Peverell otherwise Pennycross, in the County of Devon; and also the Side Gate erected adjoining or near unto the said Turnpike at Weston Mills aforesaid, on the Side of the said Road.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed or continued, or to be appointed Collector or Collectors by virtue of this or the said last recited Act, to demand and take the Tolls hereinafter mentioned at each and every of the respective Turnpike Gates or Toll Gates or Toll Houses, or Side Bars or Side Gates, which are or shall be standing or being, or continued or erected by virtue of this or the said last-recited Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, and on every Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night) j that is to say,

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Caravan, Curricle, Chair, Gig, Hearse, Litter, or other such like Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Four-pence j and if drawn by Four or Two Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny for every Horse or Beast drawing the same respectively; and for every Chaise, Car, Chair, or Gig drawn by One Horse or other Beast, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, Sledge, Slide, or other such like Carriage, drawn by Four or more Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; and if drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Four-pence for each Horse or Beast; and if drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Three-pence for each Horse or Beast; and for every Cart, Dray, Sledge, Slide, or other such like Carriage, drawn by One Horse or other Beast, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number:

5 For

207

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.yi.

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of

Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number:

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll, and the Money so thereby to be raised and collected shall be and the same is hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the same and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of to and for the several Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner as is hereinafter mentioned.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than Two full Tolls shall be demanded and taken on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night) for all Horses, Beasts, Cattle, and Carriages passing on the said Roads, or any of them, one of which said full Tolls to be demanded and taken at the Gate or Gates now standing or which shall hereafter be erected on that Part of the said Roads which lies in the County of Cornwall, and the other to be demanded and taken at the Gate or Gates now standing or which shall hereafter be erected on that Part of the said Roads which lies in the County of Devon.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Horses drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, shall be again chargeable with Toll for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat; and that the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other. Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Road on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed on the said Roads, to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, where they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to

Tolls vested in the Trustees.

Directing what Number of Tolls shall be taken on the same Day.

Stage

Coaches, &c. to pay each Time of pass* ing.

Power to sell the present Toll Houses.

208

4° GEORGII IV.

the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is by the said last-recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

Expences of

XV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already col-bCt aicTt0 lected or received by virtue of the said Three first-recited Acts, and now p in the Hands of the Treasurers, or of any other Person or Persons, on

account of the Trustees of the said Roads, or out of the first Money which shall arise or be received from the Tolls by this Act granted, or otherwise, the said Trustees shall, in the first place, pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences of obtaining and passing of this Act, and relative thereto, with Interest for the same; and the Remainder of all such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied, in the second place, in keeping down the Interest of the Principal Monies advanced or borrowed, and now owing on the Credit of the said Three first-recited Acts; in the third place, in erecting, building, or maintaining in repair Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and in repairing, amending, altering, widening, and improving the said Roads, and in otherwise putting this and the said last-recited Act into Execution; and lastly, in repaying the Principal Monies borrowed by virtue of the said Three first-recited Acts.

Trustees not

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in to repair this or the said last-recited Act contained shall extend or be construed &c^*in Salt- to exten^ to empower the said Trustees to lay out and apply any of the ash. Monies arising by the Tolls granted and made payable by this Act in

paving or repairing the Pavement of any of the Streets in the Borough of Saltash, through which the said Roads lead and go.

Certain

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of

Money to be this Act, the Sum of One Pound per Centum per Annum on the Amount \rards a Sink- Principal Monies due and secured on the Tolls of the said Roads,

and on the Amount of every further Sum of Money which shall be borrowed or taken up at Interest on the Credit or Security of the Tolls of the said Roads, shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be appropriated and paid out of the said Tolls, in order to form a Sinking Fund for the gradual Payment of all and every the said Monies; and that after the Payment of any such Principal Monies, the full Interest which would have been otherwise payable for or in respect of the same to the Creditor or respective Creditors, shall from thenceforth, and during the Continuance of this Act, be appropriated and paid out of the said respective Tolls in aid of the said Sinking Fund} and that as often as such Sinking Fund shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, that Sum, and such Part of the Balance of any other Monies in the Hands of the Trustees as they shall think proper, shall be applied in Payment of an equal Amount of the Principal Monies then remaining due or owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls of the said Roads, rateably or by Lot, among the said Creditors, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

2 t; i

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be DeTsationfbr Paid bY anY Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Direc-Materials, tions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His pre-&c. by the sent

ing Fund.

In case of Non-pay-

4° GEORGII IV. vi.

209

sent Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any said Trus-Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting levied by by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be Distress, paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any .such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Sums, Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall pay or be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or Statute shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards Labour, the repairing and amending the said Road, shall be and remain liable thereto, in like Manner in every respect as they now are or have heretofore been; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Cornwall or Devon, and they are hereby required and empowered upon Application made to them by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor of the said Roads, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places in or through which the said Roads do or shall lie, lead, or pass, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, to bring in a List before the said Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the [Local.'] 3 G Payment

210

[Public Act.]

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.yI

Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such List the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Part of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at 6uch Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Plate or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force or effect for Repairs of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on any Part of the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle and negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds j and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Cornwall or Devon, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

11 XXI. And

4° GEORGII IV. i.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the Wednesday Fortnight next after the passing thereof, and shall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

211

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

I I f;

• i • > M

»- • »• - ij-- mirm so ■- •'v .iajl

• V' %u* jfcfida o«b

"-Ij- -Vi■*?:'!ii: . 3>:j 1vi: u- -iwAt moi* fjns

.: ’ . \;t ir

3t- i2sr-"» ?n3pB«a

. ^v' i ■•iinfi >3x:( Mam yrlj ot riofiitfl

■ . i

4 • f '•'•■ .V. & f : V ;>M 4 ■& *' 1-1 j»- :>

-: y^S' r •’ •'•■ «,

. - »" v '•

vt.';

fe!

u vx K.

vy;(> .

V -

N

' 1 ,

,■ I.; M

is* m

:v ’

1 v ■'''..

• V.

v.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually improving the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Northampton and Lincoln; and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said Roads, from Bourn to Spalding in the said County of Lincoln.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for more effectually improving the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties ^Northampton and Lincoln; and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said Roads, from Bourn to Spalding in the said County of Lincoln; whereby it was among other things (by Mistake) enacted, that nothing therein contained should extend or be construed to extend to empower the Trustees acting under or by virtue of the same Act, or any of them, to cause more than One full Toll to be demanded or taken for the Passage of any Horses, Beasts or Carriages, through all the Toll Gates to be continued, erected or provided by virtue of the same Act, in the whole Length of the Southeast District Part of the Roads therein particularly named or referred to:

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the

[24th March 1823.]

3 U

And

214

Power to take Two fullTolls on the Southeast District.

For paying the Expences of the Act.

[Public Act.]

Continuance of the Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. vii.

And whereas it is highly expedient, for the Purposes of the said Act, that such Mistake should be rectified, and that Two full Tolls should be demanded and taken within the said South-east District, as before the passing of the said recited Act, in order to enable the Trustees acting under and by virtue of the said Act the better to discharge a large Arrear of Interest due to sundry Persons who have advanced considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls within the same District; but such beneficial Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees for executing the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken. Two full Tolls for the Passage of Horses, Beasts, and all other Cattle, and for Carriages, through the Toll Gates erected or to be erected or provided by virtue of the Laws now in force upon the said South-east District; and which said additional Tolls, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise and be produced therefrom, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and the same and every Part thereof shall be levied, recovered, paid, applied and disposed of, in the same Manner, and with the same Powers and Authorities, and to and for the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as in and by the said recited Act of the last Session is directed, with respect to the Tolls thereby granted on the said South-east District.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act shall be defrayed out of the Monies raised by virtue of the said recited Act of the last Session, or out of the first Monies to be raised or received by virtue of such former Act and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatever.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the passing thereof; and shall continue and be in force for and during the Remainder of the Term granted by the said recited Act of the last Session.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ii

most

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS

Cap. viii.

An Act for repairing and amending the Road from the City of Peterborough through Oundle and Thrapston to Wellingborough in the County of Northampton, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto.

[26th March 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the 27G.2. c. 23. City of Peterborough through Oundle and Thrapston to Wellingborough in the County of Northampton: And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of 13G.3. c. 91. Parliament of the Twenty-Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough through Oundle and Thrapston to Wellingborough in the County of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Tears and from thence 41 G.3. c.H. to the End of the then next Session of Parliament the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Twenty-seventh Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough through Oundl and Thrapston to Welling-\_LocaJ.~\ *' 3 / borough

218

30.4. c. 126.

Three first recited Acts repealed.

3 G. 4. to extend to this Act.

4° GEORGII IV. viii.

borough in the County of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed at Interest several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Roads, and which Money still remains due and owing, and the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair nor can the Money so borrowed be repaid unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged and the Tolls increased: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general haws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas it is desirable that the said several Acts passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second and the Thirteenth and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third should be repealed, and that such further Powers and Provisions as are herein-after mentioned should be granted and made for the better Repair and Management of the said Roads: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Thirteenth and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, shall on the Third Monday next after the passing of this Act be and the same are hereby severally repealed, and instead thereof this Act shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned for the Purpose of repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the several Roads herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), the Road leading from the City of Peterborough through Oundle and Thrapston to Wellingborough in the County of Northampton, which is called the General Branch, the Road leading from the North End of the Town of Elton in the County of Huntingdon to the Great North Road near the Toll Gate at or near the South End of Wansford Bridge in the said County of Huntingdon, which is called the Elton Branchy and also the Road leading from a certain Place in the Parish of Lilford-cum-Wigsthorpe in the said County of Northampton (where a Road called The London Way leading from Lilford Bridge to Clapton in the said County of Northampton crosses the Road leading from Oundle to Thrapston aforesaid) to the Turnpike Road leading from Thrapston aforesaid to Brampton Pound in the said County of Huntingdon, between the Ninth and Tenth Mile Stones, which is called the Clapton Branch; and this Act and the Term and Tolls hereby granted shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized by the said Acts hereby repealed or any of them to be taken on the said Roads, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due on the Credit of this Act or of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Re-9 medies.

219

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. vfii.

medics, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except Sitth Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, of repealed by this Act* shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it farther enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees Peace acting for the Counties of Northampton and Huntingdon respectively. Names, and also Henry Atiingtm Clerk, Sir Thomas Hussey Apreece Baronet* the Right Honourable Charles Arbuthnot, John Austin, Thomas Bates,

Batley Glerk, Thomas Betsey, Charles Paul Berkeley, Rowland Berkeley,

Henry Kay Bonney Clerk, William Bradshaw, John Braithwaite, John Bringhurst Clerk, John Brown, Thomas Brown, the Honourable James Brudenell commonly called Lord Brudenell, the Right Honourable John Fane commonly called Lord Burghersh, Thomas Burton, John Campion Doctor of Medicine, Edward Carr, the Honourable George Cavendish commonly called Lord George Cavendish, the Honourable Frederick Cavendish commonly called Lord Frederick Cavendish, John Chambers, Joseph Chapman, Thomas Compton, Edward Henry Josiah Gompton, Thomas Aide* son Cooke, Thomas Cooper, Henry Crofts, Henry Crofts the younger, Thomas Eaton Champion De Crespigny Clerk, Francis Dickens, Francis George Dickens, Sir John English Dolben Baronet, Stephen Eaton, Robert Edmonds,

George Eland, the Honourable Henry Sanders Fane, the Honourable George Augustus Frederick John Fane, Philip Fisher Doctor of Divinity, Claudius Williams Fonnereau Clerk, William Fox, Henry Freeman Clerk, Hetiry Freeman the younger, the Honourable George Germain, the Honourable George Gordon Clerk, Thomas Baggerley Greene, John Greene, William Hailey, William Hanbury, Robert Hawkins, John Hewson, Septimus tiodson Clerk, Charles Havey Hodson, Edward Holditch, William Landen Hopkinson Doctor of Medicine, Thomas Welch Hunt, Sir Justinian Isham Baronet,

Charles Euseby Isham Clerk, Samuel Isted, John James Clerk, William Johnson, Matthew Easton Jones, Buxton Kenrick, Adam Knibb, Randolph Richard Knipe Clerk, Henry Leete, Robert Linton Clerk, George Lynn,

John Males, Joseph Charles Martin, William Mather, Lockwood Maydwill Clerk, John Miller Clerk, the Honourable Charles William Wentworth commonly called Lord Viscount Milton, the Honourable John Monktort,

John Mould, John Mulso Clerk, Lancelot Newton, Stafford O'Brien, Do-natus O'Brien, Henry Hoyle Oddie, Henry Hoyle Oddic the younger, James.

Ord Clerk, Sir John Henry Palmer Baronet, Rogers Parker, Littleton Powys Clerk, the Honourable Littleton Powys Clerk, the Honourable Frederick Powys Clerk, the Honourable Thomas Atherton Powys, the Honourable Robert Vernon Powys, the Honourable Horatio Powys, the Honourable Atherton Legh Powys, the Honourable Henry Littleton Powys, the Honourable Charles Powys, the Honourable John Proby commonly called Lord Proby, the Honourable Granville Leveson Proby, Elmer Pywell,

Robert Roberts Doctor of Divinity, Samuel Roberts, William John Roberts,

Sir George Robinson Baronet, William Villiers Robinson Clerk, Henry Rolls Clerk, James Rickett, Joseph Rickett, Jesse Watts Russell, Jesse David Watts Russell, Thomas Sanderson Clerk, William Sanderson, John Selby,

John Jackson Serecold Clerk, Samuel Sharman, Robert Sherard, Fenwick Skrimshire Doctor of Medicine, John Smith, Thomas Smith, John South-well, William Squire, William Walcot Squire, Charles James Stevens Doctor of Divinity, Anthony Mervin Storey, the Honourable Charles Gordon commonly called Lord Stratbaven, Francis Tennant Clerk, John Tenney,

Thomas

Trustees to take an Oath.

22Q 4- GEORGII IV. CapMii.

Thomas Thompson Clerk, William Watson Tookey, John Barber Tuck, James Tyky Clerk, Henry Morgan Vane Clerk, the Honourable Vernon Clerk, William Walcot, Henry Walker Clerk, John Webster, George Webster, Daniel Webster of Deene, Daniel Webster of Oundle, Palmer Whalley, Charles Apthorpe Wheelwright Clerk, William Whitworth, Ralph Willson, William Wing Clerk, William Wing the younger. Clerk, John Lawrence Wright, Daniel Torke, William Torke, John Torke of Thrapston, John Torke of Liveden, James Torke, Charles Frederick Torke, Allen Edward Toung, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and for otherwise putting this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person hereby appointed or who shall hereafter be chosen or appointed a Trustee shall be qualified or capable of becoming and acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath, or (being one of the People called Quakers) the Affirmation following, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ J do swear, (or, being one of the People called

‘ Quakers, do solemnly affirm), That I will truly, faithfully, and im-

c partially act in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers reposed in me ‘ by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, [hert

* insert the Title of this Act,] So help me GOD.*

[Or being a Quaker, omit the Words So help me God/]

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be held pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to elect, nominate, and appoint any Number of fit and proper Persons not exceeding Ten to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed.

For appoint-

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees assembled at ing Officers, their First or any subsequent Meeting may by Writing under their Hands, subject to the Restrictions contained in the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and may from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers respectively, and on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Officer or Officers may appoint other or others in his or their Stead; and the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers, and also to any other Persons employed or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in or about the carrying of this Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable^ -

Power to appoint Ten additional Trustees.

4°. GEORGII IV. iii. 221

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every Present Offi-Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor and other Officer (other than the Treasurer or Treasurers) appointed under and by virtue of the said former new ones Acts or any of them, for or in respect of the said Roads hereby directed elected, to be repaired and maintained, shall hold and enjoy such their several and respective Offices and Employments until removed therefrom by the Trustees for executing this Act; and each and every such Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer shall have the like Power and Authority for the Purposes of this Act and for carrying the same into Execution, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties and to the like Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all Respects whatsoever, as if he had been appointed by virtue of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Arrears of Tolls or Rents Arrears and or other Monies due to, and Property Real or Personal, and all Choses Property be-in and Rights of Action either at Law or in Equity, vested in the Trus-

tees under the said recited Acts passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the tees'vested^n Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Thirteenth the Trusteea and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the named in Third, or any of them, shall immediately on the Commencement of this thl9 Act*

Act be vested in the Trustees named in or to be elected and appointed by virtue of this Act or of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, who shall be and are hereby enabled to receive and take Possession of the same, and for that Purpose to cause to be commenced and prosecuted all Actions and Suits at Law or ’in Equity, and to act in respect thereof as effectually as if the same had become due to or had been vested in them under and by virtue of this Act or of the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; or such Arrears of Tolls or Rents or other Monies so due to the Trustees under the said recited Acts hereby repealed as aforesaid, by virtue of any Deed or Specialty, shall or may be sued for and recovered in the Name of the Trustee or Trustees to or with whom such Deed or Specialty shall have been so made or entered into, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, at the Option or Election of the Trustees named in or to be appointed by virtue of this Act or of the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and all the Costs to be incurred by the Trustees or Persons in whose Names such Proceedings shall be had shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and the Monies when recovered shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Books and Book Former of Proceedings which may have been kept by the Trustees acting in the Books to be Execution of the Acts hereby repealed, or by their Treasurer or Clerk under their Direction according to the Provisions of such Acts, and also ^ges : the Book or Books to be kept for the Purposes of this Act, shall be ad- under old mitted as Evidence in all Courts and by all Judges, Justices, and others; Acts to be and also that all Conveyances, Assurances, Mortgages, and Securities, and valld* all Deeds, Bonds, Contracts, and Agreements granted, made, or entered into under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts or any of them, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as the same.

222

Power to continue and erect Toll Gates.

Power to re-more Toll Gates.

Power to sell the present Toll Houses.

Power to take Tolls.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

respectively would have been in case the said recited Acts had remained unrepealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees if they shall think proper to continue all and every or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates and Toll Houses now standing and being in and upon or across the said Roads or on the Sides thereof, and also subject to the Regulations contained in the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to erect and set up or build or cause to be erected, set up, and built upon, in, or across the said Roads hereby directed to be maintained, repaired, and amended, or any Part thereof, or upon or across the Entrance to any Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same or any Part thereof, when, where, and as they shall judge necessary, any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Bar or Side Bars, or Gates, Chain or Chains, and also One or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with Outbuildings and Conveniencies suitable thereto at or near each Toll Gate, and to take in and inclose on the Sides of the said Roads suitable Garden Spots to such Toll House or Toll Houses not exceeding One-eighth Part of an Acre each, as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to take down and remove or to alter and discontinue the same or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and direct or appoint.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time when and as often as they shall think proper, subject to the Regulations and Restrictions herein-before and in the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively contained, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars or Chains already erected, or which shall be continued or erected in or upon or across or on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Roads by virtue of this Act, to be removed to and erected in, upon, or across or on the Side or Sides of such other Part or Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees assembled at a General or Adjourned Meeting shall from Time to Time order and direct.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of the Materials of any of the Toll House or Toll Houses and Outbuildings erected upon the said Road by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same : Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Person or Persons whose Land may adjoin any such Toll Houses as is by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be given, where any Piece or Pieces of overplus Land or old Road not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road is authorized to be sold or disposed of.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed Collector or Collectors

5 by

223

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. Vm.

by virtue of this Act or of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to demand and take the several Tolls following, subject to the Restrictions in this Act and in the said last mentioned Act contained, at each and every or any of the Toll Gates erected or to be erected upon the said Roads or on the Sides thereof, or on the Side of any Street, Road, or Way leading into or out of any Part of the said Roads once a Day and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night j (that is to say),

For every Horse drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, Chair, Van, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, the Sum of Sixpence: For every Horse, Mule, or Ass drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or such other like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every loaded Cart or other Carriage fixed or fastened to any Stage, Waggon, or other Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling; and if empty or unloaded, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

And the said respective Tolls shall, subject to the Restrictions and Exemptions in this Act and in the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, or other Beast, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, be permitted to pass through any Toll Gate erected or to be erected or continued on the said Roads by virtue of this Act, or in or upon or across any Lane, Street, or Byeway leading into the same.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than Two full Tolls on the Line of Road from Peterborough to Oundle, One full Toll from Oundle to Thrapston, and One full Toll from Cranford Way Post to Wellingborough, and no more than One full Toll on each of the said Branches called the Elton and Clapton Branches, shall be demanded and taken of or from any Person or Persons for or in respect of the same Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Cattle, or Carriage or Carriages as aforesaid in any one Day, such Day to be computed as aforesaid, for passing and repassing through all or any of the said Toll Gates or Toll Bars erected or continued or to be erected or continued on the said Roads.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing any Stage Coach for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Roads on the same Day, and the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing any Post Chaise or other such like Carriage let out to Hire, for every Time of passing along the said Roads, whenever any new Hiring thereof shall be made.

Tolls.

Tolls to be paid before Cattle pass the Gate.

Limiting the Number of Tolls.

Stage

Coaches and Post Chaises.

224

Exemptions for the In-lmbitants of Ashton;

mid for cer-lain other I’ersons.

Application of the Tolls, and Money to be borrowed.

Trustees to fence the Roads.

4° GEORGII IV. viii.

XVI. And whereas the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Ashton in the Parish of Oundle have at their own Expence repaired Part of the Road directed to be amended and kept in Repair by the said recited Acts, to wit, that Part of the Turnpike Road lying within the said Hamlet, and the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet have undertaken to keep such Part of the said Road in good and sufficient Repair, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so long as the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet shall at their own Costs and Charges support, amend, and keep such Part of the said Road in good and sufficient Repair, in the Opinion and Judgment of the said Trustees, such Inhabitants shall, during such Time and Times only, and no longer, be and are hereby exempted from Payment of any Toll or Tolls whatsoever at the Toll Gate now standing at the East End of Oundle North Bridge, in going to and from Ashton and Oundle aforesaid, and not elsewhere.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken of any Owner or Occupier, or the Agent, Bailiff, or Servant of any Owner or Occupier of any Farm or Lands in any Parish or Place contiguous to any or either of the said Toll Bars going to the Farms of such Owner or Occupier only to view the same, or returning therefrom, not going or travelling out of the Parish or Place where such Farms or Lands are situated.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already received by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, and now in the Treasurer’s Hands, or out of the first Money which shall arise or be received from the Tolls, Mortgages, or otherwise by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees shall first pay and discharge all the Costs, Charges, and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act; secondly, the Costs and Expences of keeping in Repair the said Roads; thirdly, the Interest of the principal Monies already borrowed by virtue of the said former Acts or any of them, or which by virtue of and under the Powers of this Act or of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, may be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; fourthly, the Costs and Expences of widening, varying, altering, turning, improving, and rendering commodious the said Roads, and otherwise putting this Act and the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty in Execution; and lastly, the principal Monies already borrowed by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or to be borrowed by virtue of this Act or of the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Trustees shall turn or alter any Part or Parts of the present Roads, or make any new Road over and through any private Grounds, or shall take away any Fence for widening the said Roads, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made and planted proper Quickset Hedges and Fences on both Sides of such new made Road, or on the Side upon which any such Fence may be so removed as aforesaid, with sufficient Ditches to the same, and a sufficient Post and Rail or other Fence to protect the Growth thereof, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the said Roads, and also proper Gates, Bridges and

Arches

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. viii 225

Arches where necessary, out of the said Roads into the said Lands adjoining, and shall keep such Fences so to be made in good Order and Repair, for and during the Term of Three Years from the Time that such Fences shall have been made or set up, unless the Owner or Proprietor for the Time being of any such Land or Ground shall agree with the Trustees to keep such Fences in Repair from any earlier Period.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Demises or Leases of Tolls As to present arising on the said Roads by this Act authorized to be repaired, and all Le*ses of Bonds or other Securities which shall have been given for Payment of Ao 8’ the Rents reserved by such Leases respectively, and for the Performance of the Covenants and Agreements in such Leases contained on the respective Lessee’s Part, shall respectively continue in force until the Monthly Days on which the Rents therein respectively reserved shall become payable, and happening next after the Commencement of this Act, on which respective Days the said respective Leases, Bonds, or other Securities aforesaid shall cease and determine, in the same Manner as if such Leases, Bonds, or other Securities had expired by effluxion of time (save as to the Obligations, Covenants, or Agreements for Payment of Rent and Performance of Covenants in such Leases, Bonds, or Securities on the respective Lessee’s and Obligor’s Part, to be observed and performed during the Continuance of such Leases, Bonds, or Securities by virtue of this Act), and until such Determination of such Leases respectively, the respective Lessees thereof shall be entitled to collect and receive from the Commencement of this Act the respective Tolls by this Act granted and made payable. h

Leases how to be settled.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Lessees of Difference the said Tolls shall claim to be entitled to any Compensation or Satisfac- Ln vacating tion for or on account of such Continuance or Determination of his or their Lease or Leases as aforesaid, then if the said Trustees and such Lessee or Lessees cannot agree as to the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction, such Lessee or Lessees may sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so Directing often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered by how Costs any Justice or Justices of the Peace to be paid in pursuance of the and Damages Directions of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign recovered of His present Majesty or of this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever done or committed by the said Trustees or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justices, from any Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer in pursuance of the Directions or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or of this Act, or of [LocaL~\ 3 L the

226 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. vm.

the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned, on Demand, to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be, and such Treasurer shall and he is hereby authorized to retain out of the first Monies which shall come to his Hands by virtue of this Act, the Amount of such Costs and Expences so paid by him as aforesaid.

Statute La-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are oi bour, how to shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards: be regulated repairing and amending the said Roads by this Act authorized to be an en orce . repairC(j, or any part or parts thereof, shall still remain liable thereto if* like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or mor& Justices of the Peace for the respective Counties of Northampton and Huntingdon within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered and required, (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor of Surveyors by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done and performed Upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Tithings* Hamlets, Districts, Divisions, or Places in which the said Roads lie* and algo' what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyhrs of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, District* Division, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees* or to their Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors; and in order thereunto the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, District, Division, or Place* shall on an. Order in Writing made by the said Justices on an Application to them by the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, and respectively delivered to such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode, bring1 and deliver within Ten Days afterwards to the said Turnpike Surveyor, or to his Place of Abode, true and perfect Lists in Writing of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, Tithing, Ham* let. District, Division, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do and perform Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Mohey-in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any La or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and the said Turnpike Surveyor having received such Lists, shall within

7 Five

4° GEORGII IV. Cap Mu.

Five Days afterwards give a Notice to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the Time when such Lists will be laid before the said Jus* tices, in order to apportion the said Statute Duty, and at the Time appointed in and by such Notice, the said Lists shall be laid before the Justices by the said Turnpike Surveyor in the Presence of the said Surveyor of the Highways, if he shall attend; and out of such Lists the said Justices respectively shall or may appoint and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Part or Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, District, Division, or Place for the Time being, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do and perform such Statute Work or Duty as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, or by any Person employed by him, such Surveyor or other Person is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person so coming to work or sending such Labourer as aforesaid shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Penalties aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come or send a Labourer, or such Team or Draught, Horse or Beast had not been sent to work on any Part the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, Tithings, Hamlets, Districts, Divisions, or Places in which the said Roads lie, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Northampton and

Huntingdon,

228

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

4" GEORGII IV. C^.viii.

Huntingdon, or either of them, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor of the said Trustees.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the Third Monday next after the passing of this Act, and shall continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823,

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. ix.

An Act for building a Bridge and making a Causeway from Langstone in the Parish of Havant in the County of Southampton, to Hayling Island in the Parish of Hayling North in the said County, at or near a certain House there, called The Ferry House; and for forming and making proper Roads, Approaches, or Avenues thereto.

[2d May 1823.]

WHEREAS for the Space of Twelve Hours out of every Twenty-four there is no direct Communication between the Mainland and Hayling Island in the County of Southampton, (except by Boats) owing to the Passage commonly known by the Name of The Wadeway, which runs in a very uneven, unequal, and circuitous Manner from Langstone in the Parish of Havant in the County of Southampton, across Langstone Harbour, to Hayling Island aforesaid, being overflowed by the Sea: And whereas, from the Violence of the Winds and Sea, the said Passage, called The Wadeway, is frequently covered by the Tide the whole Twenty-four Hours together, and Boats are often totally prevented from crossing the said Harbour, by reason whereof any Communication between the Mainland and Hayling Island becomes impracticable, and great Inconvenience, Difficulty, and Loss are thereby occasioned, and the Lives of His Majesty's Subjects are very much endangered: And whereas from the necessary Intercourse between Hayling Island, Havant, Warblington, Emsworth, Horndean, Cosham, Bedhampton, Farlington, Fare-[Local.~\ 3 M ham,

230

4° GEOR.GII IV. Cap. ix.

ham, Hambledon, Petersjteld, Portsmouth and Port sea, the City of Chichester, and various other Parts of the Counties of Southampton and Sussex, the building of a Bridge, and the raising and forming of a Causeway across Langstone Harbour, at or near certain Storehouses belonging to John Smith Lane, situate at Langstone in the Parish of Havant in the said County of Southampton, to the opposite Shore at or near a certain House called The Ferry House, in the Parish of Hayling North, in the same County, and the forming, making, and opening of convenient Avenues, Roads, or Approaches to and from the said intended Bridge, is become an Undertaking of great public Necessity, and will in a very essential Manner contribute to the personal Safety, Advantage, Convenience, and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the before-mentioned Places, and will in other respects be of great public Utility: And whereas Sir George Thomas Staunton Baronet is Lord of the Manor of Havant, and claims to be entitled to the Land over which the said intended Bridge, Causeway, and Works will extend $ and the said Sir George Thomas Staunton is willing that the said Bridge, Causeway, and Works should be erected, built, and made in the Place before mentioned and described: And whereas the making and maintaining of proper and commodious Roads, one to lead from the said intended Bridge and Causeway over a certain Close of Land called Langstone Lane Field, and a certain Close of Pasture Land called Salt Piece, belonging to the Devisees of Thomas Bailey Silver deceased, and situate at Langstone in the Parish of Havant aforesaid, to communicate with the Road leading from Havant to Langstone aforesaid, and the other to lead from the End or Foot of the said intended Bridge and Causeway, on the opposite Shore, at or near the House called The Ferry House, in the Parish of Hayling North aforesaid, through or into the Parish of Hayling North to the Marks set up on the West and East Sides of the said House called The Ferry House, would be a great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons residing in the Neighbourhood thereof, and would also be of great public Utility; but the same and the several other Purposes herein-before mentioned cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Company of That the Right Honourable the Earl of Surrey, the Right Honourable Proprietors. Lord Henry Howard\ Sir George Thomas Staunton Baronet, Arthur At her ley, Nathaniel Atcheson, Robert Shank Atcheson, John Butler, Charles Blackburn, Joseph Bulbeck, John Bulbeck the younger, Thomas Bone, John Crasweller, Edward Casher, Joseph Crasler, William Coombes, Michael Dwyer, Thomas Dyson, William Godard, Peter Halkett a Vice-Admiral in His Majesty's Royal Navy, Frederick Horton, William Holmes, James Hewett, Daniel Grigg Hewett, John Hudson, James Philip Hicks, James Hopkins, John King the younger, James King, Richard Murray, Henry Martin, Charles Osborne, William Padwick the elder, William Padwick the younger, Stephen Rogers, Thomas Rogers, George Rogers, Joshua Stopford Clerk, Charles Stares, John Stevens, Thomas Thornton, Richard Tier, Richard Talbot, Robert Watkins, Daniel Woodriffe, Thomas Woodman, Henry Whicher, George Whicher, and John Vick, together with such other Person or Persons as shall at any Time hereafter be possessed of One or more Share or Shares, as hereinafter mentioned, of and in the said Bridge, shall be and are hereby united into a Company for the erecting, making, completing, and maintaining the

q said

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix. 251

aid Bridge* and raising and making the said Causeway, and the Avenues,

Roads, Ways, and Passages communicating thereto, and therewith, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions hereinafter expressed, and shall for that Purpose be and become One Body Corporate, by the Name of <£ The Company of Proprietors of the Hayling Bridge and Causeway," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and shall have a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, and also shall and may have Power and Authority to purchase Lands and other Hereditaments to them, their Successors and Assigns, for making, erecting, forming, and completing the said Bridge, Roads, and Ways, and raising the said Causeway and other Works, without incurring any of the Penalties or For* feitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute among themselves any may rais Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twelve selvesVsum' thousand Pounds (except as herein-after is mentioned), which said Sum or not exceeding Sums of Money shall be laid out and applied, in the First Place, in di§- 12,000l. charging the Fees and other Expences of obtaining and passing this Act,

and of the Surveys, Plans, and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards the making and completing of the said Bridge, and other Works by this Act directed to be made, and •paying the Purchase Money for the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby authorized to be purchased, and otherwise for putting this Act into Execution; and that the said Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds each, and that the said Shares shall be and they are hereby vested in the said several Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate so subscribing (save and except the Company of Proprietors of the Portsmouth and Arundel Navigation), and their several and respective Executors, Administrators,

Successors, and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they shall severally pay and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all other Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall be entitled to receive an equal proportionable Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by the Tolls, Rates, Dues,

Duties, and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of Proprietors by the Authority of this Act, as hereinafter mentioned; and every Body Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate (save and except as aforesaid), and Person and Persons having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum; towards carrying on the same, in manner herein directed and appointed,

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Pro- j^res t.° be portions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all other Estate Person and Persons, of and in the said Undertaking, or the Joint Stock

or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Subscribers Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons who shall,

by

232 4° GEORGII IV. ix.

the Number virtue of this Act, have subscribed or undertaken for One Share in

Shared the sa^ Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have One Vote in the several Assemblies, to be holden as herein-after appointed, for carrying on the said Undertaking, for such One Share; and if possessed of Two Shares, Two Votes; if Three Shares, Three Votes; and if Four Shares, Four Votes; and Five Shares and upwards, Five Votes; and every Question, Matter, or Thing which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered in any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes then present, computing the Votes as above mentioned, not exceeding Ten Votes in the whole for each Proprietor as aforesaid, provided that the Members present be possessed of not less than Twenty Shares; which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him, or her, or by their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, constituted under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or under the Hand of such other Person, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking; and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient to all Intents and Purposes as if such Principal had voted in Person; and every Question, Matter, and Thing which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered in any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present; provided nevertheless, that no Person shall give or deliver in Proxies for more than Fifty Shares; the Appointment of which Proxies may be made according to the Form following; ‘(that is to say),

Form of Appointment of Proxies.

I A.B. of one of the Company of Proprietors of The

* Hayling Bridge and Causeway, do hereby nominate, constitute, and

‘ appoint C.D. of to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my

‘ Absence to vote or give my Assent or Dissent to any Business, Matter, 4 or Thing relating to the said Undertaking that shall be mentioned or 4 proposed at any Assembly of the said Company, in such Manner as the ‘ said C.D. shall think proper, according to \ his Opinion and Judgment*

* for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any thing appertaining

* thereto. In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand, the

4 Day of .*

Proprietors V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after not entitled the First General Meeting to be held under this Act, no Proprietor or tovote,unless Proprietors shall be deemed to be qualified or entitled to vote at any their Shares General or Special General Assembly of the Proprietors of the said Un-Three Calen- dertaking, who has or have not possessed his, her, or their Shares, and dar Months, whose Name or Names hath or have not been entered in manner hereinafter directed in the Books of the said Company as the Possessor or Possessors and Proprietor or Proprietors of such Shares, for the Space of Three Calendar Months then next preceding any such General or Special General Assembly; provided also, that no Proprietor or Proprietors shall be or be deemed to be entitled to vote for any Shares unless he possess the same bond fide and in his own Right, and not in the Right or as the Property of any other Person whomsoever, upon pain of forfeiting the said Shares, and all Benefit, Profit, and Advantage due and to become due thereon, to the Use of the said Company.

4° GEORGII IV. ix.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds herein-before authorized to be raised shall be found insufficient for the building and completing of the said Bridge and Causeway, and the Avenues thereto, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, and such other Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute among themselves, in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or to raise by the Admission of new subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four thousand Pounds; and all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Subscribers towards raising such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote or Votes in respect of every of his, her, or their Shares of the said additional Sum so to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and stand interested in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in proportion to the Sum he, she, or they shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised as aforesaid, had originally been Part of the said Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Company of Proprietors shall be desirous of raising the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds, either by way of Mortgage of the said Bridge and Causeway, and the Tolls, Pontage, or Duties thereof, or by granting Annuities, to be payable out of the said Tolls, Pontage, or Duties of the said Bridge and Causeway, during the natural Life or Lives of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by and on the Behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, which Annuity or Annuities shall be granted and made payable either with or without Benefit of Survivorship, and in such manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper; and the said Company are hereby fully authorized and empowered, under their Common Seal, to grant or assign over the said Bridge and Causeway, and the Tolls, Pontage, or Duties thereof, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest for the same, or for the due and regular Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities so to be granted, as to them shall seem meet.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Grant or Assignment so to be given as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed by way of Mortgage, shall and may be made in the Words following, or in any other Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

* v‘rtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His

‘ Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, &c. ['here set

‘ forth the Title of this Act] We, the Company of Proprietors of the [Local.] 3 N Hay ling

233

Power to raise a further Sum, if necessary, not exceeding 4,000l.

Power to raise such further Sum by Mortgage or Annuities.

Form of Mortgage.

234

Mortgagees entitled to Security without Preference.

Form of Grant of Annuity.

Entries of Mortgages and Annuities to be made in Company’s Books.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

* Hayling Bridge and Causeway, incorporated under and by virtue of the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of to us lent and

*. advanced by A.B. of do grant and convey unto the

■* said A.B. his [or her]] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the said Bridge and Causeway, and the Toll House or Toll Houses there-

unto belonging, and all and singular the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and all our Right, Title, and Interest of, in, and to the same, 4 to hold unto the said A.B. his [or her] Successors, Executors, Admi- nistrators, and Assigns, until the said Sum of with

4 Interest for the same, after the Rate of per Centum per

4 Annum, shall be fully paid and satisfied. Given under our Common 4 Seal, this Day of in the Year of our

4 Lord ' *

And all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, to whom such Grant or Conveyance shall be made, shall be equally entitled to the respective Portions of the said Tolls and Revenues of the said Company of Proprietors, according to the respective Sums in such Assignment mentioned to be advanced, to secure the Repayment of such respective Sums, with the Interest, without any Preference by reason of Priority of any Grant or Conveyance, or any other Account whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Grant of any such Annuity to be made as herein-before mentioned, shall and may be made in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

4 r> Y virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, &c. [here set 4 forth the Title of this Act] We, the Company of Proprietors of the 4 Hayling Bridge and Causeway, incorporated by and under the said Act, 4 in consideration of the Sum of to us paid by

4 A.B. of do grant unto the said A.B. his or her Successors or Executors, Administrators or Assigns, out of the Tolls and 4 Pontage Duties of the said Bridge and Undertaking, one Annuity or 4 yearly Sum of to be paid and payable to the said

4 A.B. his or her Successors or Executors, Administrators or Assigns, 4 for and during the natural Life of or natural

4 Lives of (if more than One) and the Life of the

4 Survivor of them (as the Case may he), and a proportionable Part of the said Annuity up to the Day of the Decease of 4 or to the Day of the Decease of the Survivor of them (as the Case ?nay 4 be). Given under our Common Seal, this Day of

4 in the Year of our Lord .*

And every such Grant shall entitle the Purchaser or Purchasers of every such Annuity to the Payment thereof, and to all Benefit and Advantage thereto, according to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That a Transcript or Copy of every such Grant or Conveyance, or an Entry or Memorial thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money paid, shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company, which Book or Books shall be perused at all seasonable Times by any of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, without Fee or Reward.

4° GEORG1I IV. ix. 235

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Mortgages Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any such Grant or Conveyance shall be made as aforesaid, may from Time to Time personally, by Indorsees by Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized, assign and transfer such ment.

Grant or Conveyance to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and so toties quoties; and that the Assignment and Transfer shall and may be made by Indorsement on such Grant or Conveyance, and in the Words or to the Effect following, and be signed and

sealed, or sealed (as the Case may be), in the Presence of One credible Witness, who shall subscribe his Name and Place of Abode thereto;

(that is to say),

I A.B. [or we C. and D.] in consideration of the Sum of Form of

« A paid by E. F. of do hereby assign Transfer.

and transfer the within Security, and all my [or our] Right, Title, and

* Interest in and to the same, and all Benefit and Advantages to arise

therefrom, unto the said E. F. Successors or Execu-

tors. Administrators and Assigns. Witness my Hand and Seal [or our 4 Hands and Seals, or our Common Seal] this Day of

4 in the Year of our Lord /

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Transfer shall, within Entries of Thirty Days next after the Date thereof, be produced and left with the

Clerk or Clerks to the said Company, who shall, within Ten Days then company’s next following, cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, in like Books. Manner as of the original Grants or Conveyances; and after such Entry made, but not till then, every Person or Persons to whom such Assignment or Transfer shall be made, his, her, or their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be entitled to the Benefit of such Grant or Conveyance, and the future Payments thereon, and to all Benefit and Advantage arising therefrom; and for the Entry of every such original Grant or Conveyance, and of every such Assignment and Transfer, the said Clerk or Clerks shall be paid, by the Party to whom such Grant, Conveyance, or Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed on Mortgages as aforesaid, and the several Annuities so paid Half-to be granted as aforesaid, shall from the Time the respective Principal yearly. Monies so to be lent or paid shall have been advanced, be paid Half-yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto, in preference to any Dividends or Distribution to the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, or any of them, and shall be duly provided for and set apart before such Dividend or Distribution shall be made or declared.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Mortgagees Persons to whom such Annuity shall be granted, or Mortgage or Assign- and Annulment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Proprietor bTconsidered or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, or be capable as Proprie-of acting or voting by virtue of any such Annuity, Mortgage, or Assign- tors of ment, at any Assembly or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, for Shares*

or on account of his, her, or their having paid, advanced, or lent any

Money-

236 4" GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

Money on the Credit of the said Undertaking and the Tolls thereof, as

aforesaid.

Notice to be

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Sum or Sums of given of pay- Money so lent and advanced on Mortgage shall be paid off and discharged ing oft Mort- ^save and except with the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to gages, &c. receive suc|j gum or Sums of Money), unless Three Calendar Months previous Notice, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, shall have been given to the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, of such their Intention to pay off and discharge the same.

First General

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly of Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act in execution shall be the Company. heid at the House of Henry Holdaway, in Havant aforesaid, or such other Place within Ten Miles thereof as the Committee of Management hereinafter appointed shall direct, upon the Twentieth Day next after the passing of this Act, or within Thirty Days from that Day, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Eleven and Two of the Clock; and all future General Assemblies of the said Company of Proprietors (except such Special General Assemblies as herein-after mentioned) shall be held on the First Monday in the Month of July in each and every Year, between the Hours of Eleven and Two of the Clock, at such Place or Places as the Committee of Management herein-after appointed for the Time being may direct, of which future General Assemblies Twenty Days previous Notice at least shall be given by Public Advertisement, to be inserted in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated in the said County of Southampton, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors at their respective General Assemblies shall direct; and in case no Place or Places shall have been so appointed, then such General Assembly shall be holden where the last General Assembly was holden; and at such General Assemblies it shall be the Duty of the Committee of Management of the said Company to report to the Proprietors at large the State of the said Undertaking, and their Proceedings in carrying this Act into Execudon, which Report shall be fairly entered into the Book or Books of the Company kept for that Purpose by the Clerk; and a Copy of the same shall be left at the Clerk’s Office for the Perusal of the Proprietors, who shall have Access thereto during such Hours as the said Office is or shall be usually open.

General Assembly to appoint a Chairman.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, at their respective General and Special General Assemblies, shall and may appoint a Chairman; and such Chairman shall not only vote as a Proprietor, but in case of an Equality of Votes, shall have the decisive or casting Vote.

Committee of

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better managing and Management conducting the Affairs of the said Company, there shall be a Committee appointed. Gf Management of Eleven Proprietors; and that Sir George Thomas Staunton Baronet, Vice-Admiral Peter Halkett, Robert JVatkins, William Padwick the elder, William Padwick the younger, Frederick Horton, John Crasweller, John Butler, Edward Cashert Charles Osborne, and Michael Dwyer, shall be

the

237

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

the First Committee of Management, and shall continue until the next General Meeting to be held after the First Monday in July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, and until others shall be chosen in their Stead, unless any Member of the said Committee of Management shall die, or be removed, or shall dispose of his Stock so as to reduce the same below Two Shares: Provided always, that no Person or Persons shall be capable of being elected, or of serving upon such Committee of Management, unless he shall possess and hold in his own Right Two Shares of or in the Capital Stock of the said Company.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall and may, at every Meeting to be holden by them during the Continuance of their said Office, appoint a Chairman by and out of the said Committee of Management j and that no Member shall have more than one Vote upon any Question that may be agitated at the said Meeting, except in case of an Equality of Votes j and in that case the Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote, although he might have given one Vote before.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power and Authority, at any General Assembly or Special General Assembly convened for that Purpose, to remove and displace any Member or Members of the Committee of Management nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act, and thereupon elect any other Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead, or in the Room or Stead of any other Member of the said Committee who may die, or be removed, or be disqualified, or cease to be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking; and it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General or Special General Assembly convened for that Purpose, to order and dispose of the Custody of their Common Seal, and the Use and Application thereof, and to make such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders for the good Government of the said Company, of the said Committee of Management, and of their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and for the Superintendence and Management of the said Undertaking, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal the said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, or any of them, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons who shall offend against such Rules, Bye Laws, or Orders, as to such General or Special General Assembly shall seem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence; and all such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and printed, shall be binding upon and observed by all Persons concerned in the said Undertaking, and shall be sufficient, in any Court of Law or Equity, to justify all Persons who shall act under the same, provided that the same be not inconsistent with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, or to any of them; and such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws shall be subject to Appeal in Manner herein-after directed; and all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and disbursed on account of the said Undertaking, or on any of the Works thereunto belonging, by the Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by or concerned for or under them in or about the said Undertaking, or

\Local.~\ 3 0 ‘ the

Committee to appoint a Chairman.

Power to

General

Assemblies!.

of Management by the Proprietors.

238 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

the Works thereunto belonging, shall be laid before the said General or Special General Assembly, to be audited and settled; and the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time to such Place or Places within the Limits herein-before mentioned, as shall at such General or Special General Assembly be thought proper and convenient

Appointment

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, at their of Mn,m'ttee ^enera^ Assembly to be holden on the First Monday in the Month of anatre- One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, or some Adjournment thereof, elect by Ballot Eleven Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, to be the Committee of Management of the said Company, and such Eleven Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of One Year (except in case of Death, Neglect or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified or being disqualified in Manner by this Act mentioned, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid), and no longer; and on the First Monday in every succeeding Month of July in each and every Year Eleven Persons out of the Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, shall be elected by Ballot by the said Company to be the Committee of Management of the said Company, and such Persons who may be so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of One Year (except in case of Death, Neglect or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid), and no longer: Proviued always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to nominate and appoint any such Person or Persons so qualified, and not being disqualified as herein mentioned as aforesaid, and going out of Office, again to be a Member of the said Committee of Management.

mg of the Directors.

No Person

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall hold any C°n<Contrict ^ace Profa under the said Company, or hold any Contract, or be in &J to vote any Manner interested or concerned, directly or indirectly, in supplying at any Meet- any Articles or Materials for the Use of the said Company, shall have any Voice or be entitled to a Vote at any Meeting or Meetings of the said Committee of Management during the Time that he shall be so employed as aforesaid j and in case any Person being a Member of the said Committee of Management shall hold any Place of Profit under the said Company, or hold any Contract, or shall be in any Manner concerned directly or indirectly in supplying any Articles or Materials for the Use of the said Company, and shall vote at any such Meeting or Meetings of the said Committee of Management, then and in every such Case every such Person so voting at any such Meeting or Meetings shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection,or Wager of Law,or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety of such Penalty when recovered shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Company, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear that for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution a Special

Assemblies of the Proprietors may

General

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors shall be necessary to be holden, it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the said Proprietors, by a Notice under their Hands, to give Twenty Days Notice of such Special General Assembly, in one or more Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated in the said County, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors may at any General Assembly direct and appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reason, Occasion, and Intention of such Special General Assembly, and the Time when and Place where the same shall be holden, which Place shall be within Ten Miles of the said Bridge; and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and such of them as shall be present at such Special General Assembly shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company of Proprietors with respect to the Matters so specified in such Notice only; and all such Acts, Orders, or Determinations of the said Proprietors, or the Majority of them met together at every such Special General Assembly, shall be as valid, with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice, as if the same had been done at any stated General Assembly.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee of Management, and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to nominate and appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Architect or Architects, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates and Tolls herein allowed to be demanded and taken, and such other Officers as to the said Committee of Management shall seem proper, and from Time to Time to remove any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Architect or Architects, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officers, or any of them, and to nominate and appoint another Person or other Persons in his or their Room or Stead, in Manner aforesaid, taking such Security from every such Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Architect, Clerk, Collector, or Receiver, or other Officer, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, and granting to them respectively such Salary and Compensation as the said Committee of Management shall think proper; and such Clerk or Clerks shall, in a proper Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and of the several Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors of, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Company of Proprietors and Committee of Management respectively; and each of the said Proprietors of the said Undertaking shall and may, at all convenient Times, have recourse to, and peruse and inspect the same, paying for such Perusal and Inspection the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more, and may take Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk or Clerks shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit any Proprietor to peruse and inspect the same, and take Copies thereof, at seasonable Hours, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each Offence.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Committee of Management to appoint the Person who may be

appointed

239

be specially convened,

&c.

Committee of Management to appoint Officers.

Clerk restrained from acting at

240

Treasurer, and vice versa.

Officers, &c. to account.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.hi.

appointed to act as the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, nor to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every Act, Matter, or Thing done or executed by him or them respectively, as such Clerk or Treasurer or such Clerk and Treasurer, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, or other Officer or Servant of the said Company, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under his or their Hand or Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such manner as the said Company of Proprietors or such Committee of Management shall direct, deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee of Management, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to his or their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, or other Officer or Servant of the said Company, and Person or Persons respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act; and how much thereof hath been paid, laid out, and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in his or their respective Hand or Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee of Management, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint; and if any such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer, or Person shall refuse to produce or deliver up such Accounts, Receipts, or Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee of Management, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Committee of Management, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in his or their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee of Management, or as they shall respectively direct and appoint, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid the said Company of Proprietors may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the said Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Sur-io veyor

4° GEORGII IV. 241

veyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Committee of Management, or by such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place wherein the said Treasurer,

Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, without some reasonable Excuse, shall be and reside, such Justice or Justices may and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause the Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver,

Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to be brought before him or them, and upon his, her, or their appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected, raised, or received by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver,

Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice or Justices may and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, and if no Goods or Chattels of such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of making and levying the same, or if such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall still persist in refusing or neglecting to deliver up all such Monies, Accounts, Receipts, Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee of Management, or other Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, then and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol for such County, City, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Company of Proprietors, or with the said Committee of Management, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they respectively shall appoint, and until he shall deliver up such Monies, Accounts, Receipts, Vouchers,

Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee of Management; but no Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer, or Person so committed for want of sufficient Distress, shall be confined or detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities Powers of the hereby vested in or directed to be exercised by the said Committee of Committee of - {Locals 3 P Manage. Ma,‘"*emen'-

242 4° GEORGII IV. ix.

Management, may be done and exercised by the major Part of the Persons present at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present not being less than Three, and every such Committee of Management shall from Time to Time make Report of their Proceedings to the said General Assemblies of the Proprietors, and shall obey their Orders and Directions; and the said Committee of Management shall (subject nevertheless at all Times to such Orders and Directions as aforesaid) meet at such Times and Places, and shall from Time to Time adjourn themselves to suck other Times and Places as they shall think fit; and the said Committee of Management shall and may contract for and agree for the Purchase of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments that may be taken or used for the Purposes of the said Bridge, Causeway, or other Works thereunto belonging, and shall and may make or cause to be made Agreements, Contracts, and Bargains with the Workmen, Agents, Undertakers, and other Persons employed or concerned in making, continuing, and completing the said Bridge, Causeway, or other Works hereby authorized to be made, and all and every Part or Parts thereofj and the said Committee of Management shall (subject nevertheless to the Orders and Directions of such General or Special General Assemblies as aforesaid) have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors; and the said Committee of Management shall by themselves, or the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company of Proprietors, keep a full, correct, and true Account of all Monies disbursed and Payments made by the said Committee of Management, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they shall receive on behalf or in respect of the said Undertaking from any Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Tolls, or from any other Officer or Officers, or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed in, or having any Concerns, Dealings, or Transactions with the said Undertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof; and the same shall at all reasonable Times, on Demand, be open to the Inspection of any of the Proprietors in the said Undertaking; and in case the said Clerk or Clerks shall refuse to permit or shall not permit any Proprietor to inspect the same at reasonable Hours, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each Offence.

Committee of Management may make Calls, and Shares to be forfeited if Calls not paid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall have Power from Time to Time to make such Call or Calls of Money from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of and in the said Undertaking, to defray the Expences of or to carry on the same, as they the said Committee of Management from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Cali shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Fifty Pounds, and such Calls shall not be made but at the Distance of Two Calendar Months at least from each other, and Fourteen Days Notice at least shall be given of all such Calls as aforesaid, by Advertisement in One or more of the Newspapers primed or circulated in the said County of Southampton, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct and appoint; provided that it shall not be lawful to make any further Call upon any Proprietor or Proprietors who shall have paid to the said Company, in obedience to their said Calls or otherwise, the full Amount of

4° GEORGII IV. §43

of the Sum which by his, her, or their Subscription he, she', or they had undertaken to pay for his. her, Of their said Share or Shares; and eir&r'y Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Montes to be called for as aforesaid, to such Person or PetsoriS, and at such Time and Place, as the 3aid Committee of Management shall froth Time to Time order and direct; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable dr proportionable Part of the Money so called for as aforesaid at the Time and Plate appointed by such Committee of Management, or within Ten Days next ensuing, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay the Stifti of Twenty Shillings for every Share he, she, or they shall have iri the said Undertaking; and in case such Person or Persons shall continue to neglect or refuse to pay his* her, or their rateable Call of Calls as aforesaid, for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Time so appointed for Payment thereof, then atld in every such Case he, she, or they so , neglecting or refusing shall* if the said Committee of Management shall so decide, forfeit his, her, or their respective Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof, all which Shares so forfeited shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, in trust for and for the Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, iri proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, or shall, at the Discretion of any of the said General or Special Assemblies, be publiety Sold for the Use of the rest of the said Proprietors whose Shares arid Interests shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that no Forfeiture of ariy Share or Shares iri the said Undertaking shall be or be deemed to be incurred, save and except Notice of such Call or Calls in Writing, signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Committee of Management, snail have been given to or left at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of the Oivner of Owners of such Share or Shares respectively; and in case the Place or Places of Abode of any such Owner or Owners shall not be known to the Clerk or Clerks of the Said Committee of Management, ihen such Notice shall be inserted once in the London Gazette, nor until all such Share or Shares shall likewise have been declared to be forfeited at softie General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the respective Persons Subscribers who have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any *° Pay .their Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or shall be Owner or Sons<onCall« Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the said by the Com-Undertaking* shall, and he, she, and they is arid are hereby required to mittee ofMa-pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively subscribed* (or such PaftS and nagement, Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the CoriU mav°be suedf mittee of Management of the said Company, by virtue of and agreeable to the Powers and Directions of this Act,) at such Times and Placed and in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Committee *, and in case any such Subscriber or Subscribers shall fleglect or refuse io pay the same at the Time and Place and Manher so required for that Purpose* the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered t5 sue for arid recover the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law dr EqUify whatever.

244 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

Directing the

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions brought by the inactions83 sa*d Company of Proprietors against any Person or Persons who hath or for Calls. have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or against any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company, for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and allege that the Defendant or Defendants, being an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in arrear shall amount to, for such and so many Call or Calls of such and so many Sum and Sums of Money upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants, (as the Case may happen to be) whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the special Matter, and on the Trial of such Action it shall be only necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making such Call or Calls, was or were an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Call or Calls was or were in fact made, and that such Notice was given thereof as is directed by this Act, and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear to be due, unless it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Fifty Pounds, or was made within the Distance of Two Calendar Months from the last preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforesaid.

On the Death

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Proprietor or Proprietors of Sub- of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall happen to die before for^Calls6" suck ^a^ or ^a^s have been ma<^e for t^le Sum or Sums to be completed advanced on any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall have been their Execu- possessed of or entitled to, without having made Provision by Will or tors, &c. may otherwise how and in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed do it* of, and how and by what Means the future Calls in respect thereof shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, then and in such Case the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of every such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatic or Lunatics, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of any such deceased Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against all and every such Infant or Infants, and against all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription; and if such deceased Proprietor or Proprietors shall not have left Assets sufficient, or in case the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians shall refuse or neglect to answer such Call for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after Notice in Writing signed by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, the said Company of Proprietors shall

7 be

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

be, and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such deceased Proprietor or Proprietors, on Condition that he, she, or they so admitted do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of such deceased Proprietor or Proprietors, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians of the Infant or Infants or other Person or Persons who may be entitled to his, her, or their Effects, the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Proprietor or Proprietors in his, her, or their Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as thfe same can be sold for; and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted upon such Condition as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to, an4 become vested in the rest of the said Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in trust for and for the equal Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of in like Manner as other forfeited Shares may be sold and disposed of by virtue of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to sdl and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions in this Act mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

* t A.B. of in consideration of paid to me by

‘ C.D. of do hereby bargain, sell, assign, and transfer to

‘ the said C.D. the Sum of Capital Stock of and in the

* Hayling Bridge and Causeway, being of my Share

6 in the said Undertaking; to hold to the said C, D.

« his [or, her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

* subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the same

* Conditions that I held the same immediately before the Execution ‘ hereof; and I the said C.D. do hereby agree to take and accept the said

* Capital Stock or Share of subject to the same Rules,

f Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As witness our Hands and Seals ( this Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand

‘ eight hundred and

And on every such Sale the said Deed or Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, for the Use of the said Company, and have testified and indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid; and the said Clerk or Clerks is and are hereby required to, make such Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until such [Local.] 3 Q Memorial

m

>A J-d ) Wl

Shares may be sold.

Form of Conveyance of Shares.

246

No Shares shall be sold after a Call till the Money be paid.

For regulating the Acquisition of Shares;

by Marriage;

by Will, or in course of Administration;

4 GEORGII IV. ix.

Memorial shall have been made and entered as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid to him, her, or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof, as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Money shall have been made by the said Committee of Management as aforesaid, no Person or Persons shall sell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall possess in the said Undertaking, on pain of forfeiting his, her, or their respective Share or Shares therein to the said Company of Proprietors, in trust for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless at the Time of such Sale or Transfer such Person or Persons shall have paid and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so sold or transferred; such Forfeiture nevertheless to be notified and declared at a General or Special General Assembly in Manner before directed.

XXXIV. And whereas, in Cases where the original Subscriber or Subscribers of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall marry, die, become Insolvent or Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his or her Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the said Clerk as directed by this Act, it may not be in the Power of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them Notice or Notices of Calls made on such Share or Shares, as is hereby required, or to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her, or them, for the Recovery of the same, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her, or them, the Interests or Dividends to which he, she, or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits arising from the said Undertaking in Right of Marriage, shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit, containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage shall be made and sworn to by some credible Person, before a Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorized and empowered to swear any such Person to such Affidavit, and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company for the Time being, who shall file the same, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the said Clerk or Clerks for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares in the said Undertaking; and that, before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, by virtue of any Bequest or Will, or in a course of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the same, the said Will or the Probate thereof shall be produced and shown to the said Clerk or Clerks, or an Affidavit containing a Copy of so much of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Testator, or of the Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died Intestate, shall be made and sworn to by any Executor or Executors of such Will, or by any Administrator or Administrators of the Estate and Effects (as the Case may happen to be)

before

4° GEORGII IV. 247

before a Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and such Affidavit when so made shall also be transmitted to the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall file and enter the same in the Manner herein mentioned.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases other than or by any

as herein-before mentioned, where the Right and Property in One or more other Means* Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Proprietor thereof to any other Person or Persons by any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof as herein directed, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons before a Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to other Person or Persons, and the said Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorized and empowered to swear any such Person to such Affidavit, and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company of Proprietors, to the Intent that he may and he is hereby required to enter and register the Name or Names of every such new Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or List of Proprietors in the said Undertaking; and that in all or any of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General or Special General Assembly, after Two Calendar Months Notice shall have been given by the said Treasurer or Clerk to the Person or Persons claiming, by such Affidavit, to be Owner or Owners thereof, and such Person or Persons shall not have paid his, her, or their Proportion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any Call or Calls as aforesaid, and after Notice thereof shall have been given Three Times, at the Intervals of Seven Days between each Advertisement in some One or more of the Newspapers printed or circulated in the said County of Southampton, to declare the same Share or Shares to be forfeited, and in such case the same shall be and become forfeited, and sold and disposed of in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the general Fund of the said Company,

XXXVI. And for the better Security of the several Proprietors of the Names of said Undertaking as to their respective Shares therein, be it further enacted,

That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required JersoAheir at their First or at some subsequent General Assembly, or as soon as con- Shares to be veniently may be, to cause the Names and proper Additions of the several entered in a Persons who shall be then entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Certificates Undertaking, with the Number of Shares which they are then respectively Qf the Num-entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall ber delivered be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book or Books to to them, be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and after such Entry made, to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall also cause a Certificate or Instrument, with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he, she, or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking, or a Certificate for each separate and distinct Share, in case any Proprietor of more than One Share shall request the same, every such Proprietor paying to the Clerk Two Shillings and ! Six-

248 4- GEORGII IV. ix.

Sixpence, and no more, for every such Certificate or Instrument; and such Certificate or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever, as Evidence of the Title of such Subscribers, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the want of such Certificate or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares from selling or disposing thereof; and in case any such Certificate or Instrument shall become defaced, worn out, or damaged, or shall be ascertained to have been lost or destroyed, then and in such case another Certificate shall be made out and entered by the Clerk on the same Terms and CondifSbns as aforesaid.

Authority to

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

Company to to and for the said Company and their Successors, their Deputies, Agents,

build Bridge. Servants, Workmen, and Assistants, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to design, direct, order, and build or cause to be built, and to complete, maintain, and keep in repair a good and substantial Bridge and Causeway from the Land or Shore lying at Langstone, in the Parish of Havant, in the said County of Southampton, at or near the Storehouses of John Smith Lane, in the said County, over and across Langston Harbour to the opposite Shore at or near the House called The Ferry House, in the Parish of Hayling North in Hayling Island, in the same County, with a proper and convenient Avenue or Approach to the said Bridge and Causeway at each End thereof, and fit and proper for the Passage of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages, and of such Form, Construction, and Dimensions, and of such Materials as they the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee of Management shall think proper, with proper Footways over the said Bridge and Causeway, and also One or more Toll House or Toll Houses at the End or Ends of, on, or near to the said Bridge or Causeway, with Bars, Gates, and other proper Conveniences for the Collection of Tolls, and likewise proper and convenient Docks, Wharfs, Quays, or Landing Places on the Lands and Grounds on either Side of the said Harbour, adjoining or near the said Bridge or Causeway, for the shipping and landing of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Things into and out of Ships, Barges, and other Vessels navigating or using the said Harbour; and also to erect One or more Warehouse or Warehouses, Weighbeams, and Cranes for receiving, weighing, and landing the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other things, with proper Roads, Ways, and Conveniences to and from the said Docks, Wharfs, and Warehouses, and to support, maintain, and keep the said Bridge and Causeway, Aiscents or Approaches, Footways, Toll House and Toll Houses, Bars, Gates, Conveniences, Docks, Wharfs, Quays, and Landing Places, Warehouses, Weighbeams, and Cranes, from Time to Time in good and sufficient Repair and Condition; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby also authorized and empowered to cause all such Shelves and other Obstructions in the said Harbour to be removed, and all such Beds of Gravel, Sand, Mud, and other Impediments and Obstructions to be taken away, and the Banks of the said Harbour to be dug and cut in such Manner as they shall judge necessary and proper for the making of the said Docks and Wharfs, and for erecting and building the said Bridge and Causeway, and for the Preservation thereof respectively; and for the several and respective Purposes aforesaid, to dig and

6 make

249

4" GEORGII IV. Cap Ax.

make proper Foundations in the said Harbour and Waters adjacent, and on the Lands and Grounds lying on each Side thereof, for the Piers and Abutments of the said Bridge, and if necessary to cut and level the Banks of the said Harbour, in such Manner as shall be necessary and proper for building the said Bridge and Causeway, and to cut, remove, take, and carry away all Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel, Sand, Mud, or any other Impediment whatsoever, which may in anywise tend to hinder the erecting and completing the said Bridge and Causeway, and execute all other Things requisite and necessary, useful or convenient, for erecting and building, maintaining and supporting the said Bridge and Causeway, and making proper Roads, Ways, and Avenues thereto as aforesaid, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and further, that for the Purpose of erecting, building, maintaining, repairing, and supporting the said Bridge, Causeway, and Avenues thereto, the said Company shall from Time to Time have full Power and Authority to land on either Side of the said Harbour, within Five hundred Yards of the Site of the said Bridge and Causeway, all Materials and other Things to be used in and about the same, and there to work and use such Materials and Things, according as they the said Company and the Persons to be by them appointed shall think proper, without any previous Agreement with the Owner or Owners of the Property on which such Materials and other Things shall be landed, worked, or used, or of the Tenant or Tenants thereof, doing as little Damage as may be, and making such Satisfaction as herein-after mentioned to the respective Owners and Occupiers of all Lands and Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be altered, damaged, spoiled, taken or made use of, by Means or for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Bridge and Bridge and Causeway shall be built, erected, and completed as aforesaid, Causeway to the same shall for ever be and remain a public Bridge, and all Persons, Pu*^c» Horses, Cattle, and Carriages shall have free Liberty (upon Payment of JJJent of Toll, the respective Tolls by this Act granted) to pass over the same, without any Hindrance or Interruption of or by any Person or Persons whomsoever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge shall not be Bridge not to adjudged or taken to be a County Bridge, or to subject the said County be deemed a of Southampton to the repairing, amending, or supporting the same, any

Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XL. And whereas it may happen, that after the said Bridge shall have Company been completed and in use, the same may receive Damage by unforeseen may erect a Accidents, so that the Passage thereof may for a Time become dangerous and impracticable; be it further enacted, That when and as often as it Accidents shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company happen, of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, or such Person or Persons as they shall and may appoint for that Purpose, and they are hereby required from Time to Time as often as occasion shall require, to erect or build a temporary Bridge, or provide a proper and convenient Ferry, for the Passage of Travellers, Horses, Cattle of every Description, and Carriages, over the said Harbour, at such Place or Places'near to the [LocalJ] 3 R Site

250

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

Site of the said Bridge as they shall judge to be most proper and convenient, taking care in so doing not to lessen the Depth of Water or otherwise obstruct the Navigation, and there to take and receive such Tolls as are herein authorized to be taken for passing over the said Bridge and Causeway; provided always, that such temporary Bridge shall continue for such Time only as shall be necessary for repairing and rebuilding the said Bridge, and rendering the Passage over the same safe and commodious; which repairing and rebuilding the said Company are required to carry into Effect with as little Delay as possible.

Roads to be

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ")atJer nd Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, to make or erected*168 cause to be made One proper and commodious Road from the said intended Bridge and Causeway, over a certain Close of Land called Lang-stone Lane Field, to a certain Close of Pasture Land called Salt Piece, belonging to the Devisees of Thomas Bailey Silver deceased, and situate at Langstone in the Parish of Havant, to communicate with the Road leading from Havant to Langstone aforesaid, and also One other proper and commodious Road from the End or Foot of the said Bridge and Causeway on the opposite Shore, at or near the House called The Ferry House, in the Parish of Hayling North aforesaid, through or into the Parish of Hayling North, to the Marks set up on the West and East Sides of the House called The Ferry House; and it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, for the Purposes of making the said Roads, or either of them, and for their Agents and Workmen, to enter into and upon the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments of or belonging to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever, through which the said intended Roads are to pass, and to set out and ascertain such Parts thereof as they shall think necessary and proper for the making the said Roads, or either of them; and after the same shall be so set out and ascertained, immediately, at the proper Costs and Charges of the said Company of Proprietors, to fence off and separate the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments intended for the said Roads, from the adjoining Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, with Quicksets, Posts and Rails, Walls, or otherwise, as shall be found necessary and convenient, and with proper and sufficient Gates to open into and out of the said Roads, through which the respective Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, and their Agents and Servants, shall and may at all Times thereafter have free Ingress and Egress to pass and repass with their Horses, Teams, and Cattle; and the same Roads shall be made, and at all Times afterwards maintained and repaired, at the proper Costs and Charges of the said Company of Proprietors, by and out of the Tolls by this Act granted.

Plan, &c. to

XLII. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said attfeOfe ^tended Roads,and the Lands and Premises through which the same are of the Clerk to be made or carried, together with a List of the Names of the Owners of the Peace, and Occupiers of such Lands and Premises, hath been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Southampton; be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and List shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may at any reasonable Time have liberty to inspect and

io peruse

4° GEORGII IV. ix. 251

peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof, at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being a reasonable Compensation for making such Copies or Extracts; and that the said Company of Proprietors, in making or causing the said new Roads to be made, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Line described in the said Map or Plan.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Trustees to lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to set out and make the said make the Roads into, through, across, or over the several Lands, Hereditaments, and J*oad °on" Premises of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or suchVlatj10 Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands and Premises over which &c. notwith-the same is or are set out and described in the said Map or Plan as afore- standing said, although such Lands or Premises, or the Name or Names of such Error8* Person or Persons, may happen to be erroneously described, omitted, or misstated in the said Map or Plan or List, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Houses, &c. Authorities hereby given shall not extend or be construed to extend to to be empower or authorize the said Company of Proprietors, in making the lnJured* said Roads, to take or pull down, injure or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden,

Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Persons em-and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, powered to Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and to and for all Tenants for Life and Lands"" Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any &Cf Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy or otherwise, and to and for all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust for Charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in Lands, Buildings,

Tenements, or Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, to contract for, lease, sell, and convey the same and every Part thereof to the said Company of Proprietors; and all such Contracts,

Agreements, Leases, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors; which said Leases,

Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time, when

requested,

252

Satisfaction to be made.

If Parties are dissatisfied, they may cause a Jury to be impannelled.

4° GEORGII IV. ix.

requested, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons interested therein requiring the same, and shall have and receive Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of each such attested Copy, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words; and every such Conveyance to be made by virtue of this Act, in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Tenant and Tenants for Life, and Tenant and Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, Expectancy or otherwise, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Femes Covert, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Person or Persons who is or are seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments, through, in, or upon which the said Bridge and Causeway or Avenues thereto are intended to be built, made, and constructed, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by the making and completing the said Works herein directed and authorized to be made, as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Parties interested respectively, or any of them, and the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee of Management; and in case the said Parties so interested in the said Lands, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any of them, and the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, cannot agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the same shall be settled and ascertained as is hereinafter directed.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Feoffee or Feoffees in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee of or for any Idiot or Lunatic, or any Feme Covert, or any Person whether Tenant for Life or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or any other Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, cannot agree with the said Committee of Management respecting the Purchase of any Lands, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Satisfaction to be made for any Damages that may be sustained from Time to Time by him, her, or them, by the making of the said Bridge and Causeway or Avenues, or any of the Works to be made and maintained by virtue of this Act, and shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the said Company, or of the said Committee of Management, requiring a Jury to be summoned for the Purpose of determining such Purchase or Satisfaction; or if any such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, shall upon Notice in Writing given by the Clerk of the said Company, or of the said Committee of Management, to the Principal Officers of any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such feoffee or Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husband, Guardian, Irustee, Committee of or for any Idiot, Lunatic, or any Feme Covert,

• 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

Covert, or to such Tenant for Life or in Fee Tail, General or Special, of for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or other Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability by Non-age, Coverture, or other Impediment cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement or Agreements as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall not within the before-mentioned Space of Twenty-one Days produce and fully disclose the State of the Title to the Premises which he, she, or they respectively is or are Or shall be in Possession of, and the Interest which he, she, or they respectively may claim therein; then and in every such Case the Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required, within Ten Days after the Receipt of such Notice by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors or of the said Committee of Management, or after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Delivery of such Notice by the said Clerk (as the Case may be), to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to the Sheriff of the County of Southampton, commanding such Sheriff to impannel, summon, and return a Jury, and the said Sheriff is hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four honest, sufficient, and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to be returned for the Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Sheriff at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff is hereby required, out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff shall return other honest, sufficient, and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service (being qualified as last aforesaid), to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve; and it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons concerned to have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Sheriff is hereby empowered and required, by a Summons or Notice to be signed by such Sheriff, either previous to or at the Time of any such Meeting or Meetings, to call before them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, touching and concerning the Premises; and the said Sheriff may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places or Matter or Matters in question, if there be occasion, and to use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for his own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Sheriff shall think fit; which Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Sheriff is hereby empowered and required to administer), shall enquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum of Money to be paid for the [Local.'] 3 S Purchase

254 4° GEORGII IV. CapAx.

Purchase of such Lands or other Hereditaments, or what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested, for or on account of the taking of such Lands or other Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act, and shall assess separate Damages for the same; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage, Recompence,.and Satisfaction, the said Sheriff shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, or by the said Committee of Management on their Behalf, to the said Owners or Occupiers of or other Person or Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, and shall give Judgment for such Purchase Monies, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be assessed by such Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition, Order and Judgment thereon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Sheriff, and <shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming any Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, for Life or Lives in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, Infants, Issue unborn. Femes Covert, Persons beyond the Seas and under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or other Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or . any other Courts; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Compelling

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so impannelled, the Sheriff to summoned, and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, summon the ^hout some reasonable Excuse, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he shall be liable and subject to the same Regulations, and to the same Pains and Penalties for such Default, as if he had been impannelled, summoned, and returned for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster; and if any Person so summoned and required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall neglect or refuse to appear after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her, or their Costs, Charges, and Expences, or shall not allege a sufficient Excuse to the said Sheriff for not appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined or to give Evidence, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending, upon Proof thereof made before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City or County in which the Matter or Question shall arise, upon the Oath of One or more credible Winess or Witnesses, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, according to the Discretion of the said Justice; and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering to such Person the Over-

4

4° GEORGII IV. CapAx. 255

plus after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and every such Penalty which shall be paid by or recovered from any Person who shall be impannelled, summoned, and returned on such Juty, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall appear to the said Justice to be injured by the Default of such Persons.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Per- For punish-sons who, in any Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this ing Persons Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence or otherwise forswear S^hyof wil-themselves before any such Jury, or before any Justice of the Peace act- r'' ^per^rr’ ing as such in the Execution of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for the same, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject and liable to such and the same Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

L. And be it further enacted, That in each and every Case where Expence of a Verdict shall be given for more Money for a Recompence or Satis- Jury and faction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, Buildings, Tenements, or other Witnesses, by Hereditaments of or belonging to any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, v^j)m to be or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or to any Person or Persons unknown, or as a Compensation for any Damages done or to be done to any Lands, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, or other Property, than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management; or where any Verdict shall be found for any Damages, where the Dispute is for Damages only, and where no Compensation or a smaller Sum than shall be given by such Verdict had been previously offered or tendered in respect thereof by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee of Management; or where by reason of Absence in Foreign Countries, or other Impediment or Disability as aforesaid, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Contract with and make Conveyances to and receive Compensations from the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee of Management, as herein-before mentioned; then and in all such Cases all the Expences of impannelling, summoning, and returning such Jury and taking such Verdict shall be settled by the said Sheriff so impannelling, summoning, and returning such Jury and taking such Verdict as aforesaid, and be defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee of Management; but if any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum as had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Company or their Committee of Management, or for a less Sum than had been so previously offered, or for Damages where the Dispute is for Damages only, the Costs and Expences of impannelling, summoning* and returning such Jury and taking such Verdict shall be settled in like manner by the said Sheriff so impannelling, summoning, and returning such Jury and taking such Verdict, and be borne and paid in the Manner following, that is to say, One Moiety or Half Part of such said Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee of Management, and the other Moiety or Half Part thereof by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or other Person or Persons with whom the said Company

256

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

of Proprietors or their Committee of Management shall have such Disputes or Controversies, which said last-mentioned Moiety of the said Costs and Expences shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the Whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; and in case no Damages shall be given by such Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only, such Costs and Expences, after having been so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the said Company, or by their Committee of Management, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by this Act.

The Value of

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Sheriff and Juries re-Lands, and spectively, in their Awards, Determinations, Adjudications, Judgments, tion^for Da an£* Verdicts concerning the Value of Lands, Tenements, and other He-mages to be reditaments, shall separately and distinctly proportion off any particular assessed seT Estate, Terms, or Interests, and also any Damages sustained or to be parately. sustained by any Body Politic or Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, by or in consequence of the Execution of any Powers of this Act, and shall assess and adjudge the Value set upon such Estate, Term, and Interest, and the Money assessed and adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid, distinct and apart from each other.

tt

Lands to vest

LII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender in the Com- of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contracted or agreed ment of Da- ^or between the Parties, or assessed by such Jury in manner aforesaid, mages. for the Purchase of any such Lands or other Hereditaments, to the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Purchase Money respectively, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or within the Space of One Calendar Month after the same shall have been actually so agreed for, determined, or assessed, or depositing the same in the Bank of England in manner by this Act directed (as the Case may beJ, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments respectively; and then and thereupon such Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Use, Trust, and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be vested in and become the sole Property of the said Company of Proprietors to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever; and such Payment, Tender, or Deposit shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, of his, her, or their Issue, and of all and every other Person and Persons

interested

i .vm Dt'~ toltt J - »T r

'I O'

'•i*W*c

*fTpV

7

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix. 257

interested therein: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize and empower, or be construed to authorize and empower the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, or their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or any of them, for the Purposes herein mentioned, to enter into and upon the Lands, Tenements, > and Hereditaments so to be purchased by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, without having first paid, or otherwise legally tendered for the same, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contracted or agreed for between the Parties, or assessed by a Jury in the Manner herein-before directed; and in case the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, or their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, or any of them, shall, for the Purposes aforesaid, enter into and upon the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, without having previously paid or otherwise legally tendered the Purchase Money for the same, in the Manner hereinbefore directed, then and in such Case the Person or Persons making such Entry shall be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and shall forfeit and pay for the doing thereof the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Judgments and Verdicts Verdicts of so given shall be transmitted to and be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, or Juries to be other Person or Persons having the Custody of the Records of the Quarter recor e Sessions of the said County of Southampton, and shall be deposited with and be deemed to be Records of such Quarter Sessions respectively, to all Intents and Purposes; and the same or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the same, paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, or to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

gain, and Sell," to operate as Covenants for Title.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Grants and Conveyances The Word* to be made by the said Company of Proprietors under or by virtue and "Grant, Bar-in pursuance of the several Powers and Authorities to them hereby given, the Words " Grant, Bargain, and Sell " shall amount to and be construed and adjudged in all Courts of Judicature to be express Covenants to the Grantee, Lessee, or other Purchaser, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee of Management, for themselves and their Successors, that they the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, notwithstanding any Act done by them, were at the Time of the Execution of every such Grant or Conveyance seised of the Hereditaments and Premises thereby granted, conveyed, and sold, of an indefeasible Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances, for quiet Enjoyment thereof against the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or their Committee of Management, and all claiming under them; and that all such Purchasers shall be indemnified and saved harmless by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, or by their Committee of Management.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Company and for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by ^drge'n8*|l [Local.'] 3 T Indenture wanted"0

4° GEORGII IV. CapAx.

Indenture under their Common Seal absolutely to grant and convey, such Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as and for an Avenue or Passage; and that all such Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietors shall be valid and effectual, any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof as shall be sold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts respectively shall be expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Estate or Interest therein, shall first offer to re-sell the same to any Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased the same, for such Estate or Interest as such Person or Persons had therein and sold to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the Person having the adjoining Land, for and at a Price to be paid by the said Company; and in case the said Company and such Person or Persons shall differ and not agree as to the Price or Prices thereof, and such Person or Persons shall nevertheless signify his, her, or their Desire to purchase the same, by a Notice in Writing to be given or left with the Clerk of the said Company within Twenty Days after such Offer, at a Price to be adjusted and settled by a Jury to be summoned as in case of Purchases made by the said Company as herein mentioned, mutatis mutandis, which Notice shall be deemed an actual Contract for Purchase of the said Premises as against the Party or Parties giving the same, at the Price which shall be adjusted and settled by Such Jury; and in case such Person or Persons shall not agree to repurchase such aforesaid Interest therein, or shall not give such Notice of his, her, or their Intention of purchasing the same within Twenty Days after such Offer of Sale, then and in every such Case, on an Affidavit being made and sworn before a Master or a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be situated, by some competent Person or Persons, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and was not then and thereupon agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom the same was so made, and that such Notice as aforesaid was given, shall in all Courts be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be), and that such Notice as aforesaid was not given; and that all Money which shall arise by any Sale or Sales, or Demise or Demises, which may be made by the said Company of Proprietors of such Premises, Estates, and Interests as

5 aforesaid,

259

4° GEORGII IV.

aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers, Lessee or Lessees thereof, shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money.

LVL. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money Purchase which are to be paid to any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ec- Monies and clesiastical or Civil, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Hus*- cor-

bands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees acting as Guardians, pDrate Bo-Committees or other Trustees for or on behalf of any Lunatics, Idiots, dies, &c. to Femes Covert, or other Cestuique Trusts, or to any Person or Persons be lald out whose Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments are liniited in strict or uSgSe same other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, for the Purchase of or the Damages to be done to any such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, by virtue of the Powers in this Act contained, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte " The Hayling Bridge " and Causeway Company,* to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, in the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge or Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses,

Trusts, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, and used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Proceeds of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

260 4" GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

Application

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money dlase Money so a&ree<^ or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or other is'less than Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and 200/. and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Dis-more than ability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, Trustee or Trustees, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons acting as such as aforesaid, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Committee of Management (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery. t

Application

LVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such when Money Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall 2oi.SSi an be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments in respect whereof the same shall be paid, in such Manner as the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, shall direct the same to be paid, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same.

Directing

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons aretobe111 aW to w^om any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase incase of " r of any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments to be purchased, taken. Failure in . or used by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall making out not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of ' the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them; or in case the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix. 261

so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England\ in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable $ and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Ques- Where'any tion shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money Question to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of toth*^Title* the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of to Money the this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or other Heredi- Person in taments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, °*

or other Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any &(? t^£es’ Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends deemed enti-or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall tied thereto, have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid, at the Time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery j and the Dividends or Interests of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, ap-lied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, or that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein,

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by The Court reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Cor- may order poration entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the b*pahTby0 same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Company. the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time \JLocal.~] . 3 U . to

262 4° GEORGII IV. ix.

to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum and Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct and order.

Tenants at

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Lessee Will to deli- for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such lion atThree Prem^ses to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Committee of Months No- Management, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take tice. Possession of the same, upon having Three Calendar Months Notice to

quit such Possession from the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, or from the Person or Persons so authorized by them to take such Possession; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at the End of the Said Three Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with reference to the Time or Times of such Tenant’s holding or not, or so soon after as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly to deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Committee of Management, or to such Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof, such Authority being signified under the Hands of the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, they the said Company making such Satisfaction and Compensation to every such Tenant or Lessee, or other Person or Persons in Possession as aforesaid, in case he, she, or they shall be required to quit before the Expiration of his, her, or their current Year in the Premises, as the said Company shall deem just and reasonable; and if any Dispute shall arise touching the Amount of such Satisfaction or Compensation, then and in such Case the same shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Satisfaction and Compensation to be made for the Purchase of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments herein-before directed to be settled and ascertained, in case of any Difference or Dispute about the same; and in case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, all reasonable Satisfaction being first made or tendered, it shall be lawful for the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the County in which the Premises shall be situate, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, not being in possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months Interest* on the said Principal by the said Company, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign,

• 10* and

Mortgages to be conveyed to the Company after Tender.

263:

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

and transfer such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Company, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint $ or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Company, or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, then at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer his, her, or their Interest in the Premises to the said Company, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trust for them j and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine : Provided always, that in case the Principal Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises to be taken and made use of for the Purposes of this Act, and which shall be ascertained in manner herein-before directed, then the said Company of Proprietors shall not be liable to pay to the Mortgagee more than such real Value of such Premises so ascertained as aforesaid; provided also, that in case any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall neglect or refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid, then upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any Mortgage as aforesaid into the Bank of England, at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money in like Manner as is herein-before directed in Cases of other Payments into the Bank; and thereupon all the Estate,

Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her, or them, shall vest in the said Company, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprie- Power to tors, or their Committee of Management, shall and may, as soon as con- erect Turn-veniently may be after the said intended Bridge and Causeway shall be to

erected, cause to be erected and set up a Turnpike Gate or Gates, or Toll Gate or Gates, at or upon the said Bridge or Causeway, or at or upon some or one of the said Roads, Ways, or Avenues leading thereto belonging to the said Company, within the Distance of Forty Yards from either End of the said Bridge or Causeway, and from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, shall and may remove the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and erect or set up another Turnpike or Toll Gate, or other Turnpikes or Toll Gates in lieu thereof, at any Place upon any Part of the said Works within the Distance aforesaid, and shall and may from Time to Time erect and provide such Toll House or Toll Houses and other Conveniences, near or adjoining to the said Turnpike or Toll Gate, as the said Company of Proprietors, or the Majority of them, or their Committee of Management for the Time being, shall think proper, and that the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at the Turnpike or Toll Gate, Turnpikes or Toll Gates, to be erected as

aforesaid.

4° GEORGII IV. CapA*.

aforesaid, by such Person or Persons as the said Committee of Management shall from Time to Time appoint as aforesaid, before any Foot Pas-, senger, or any Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast, or any Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall be permitted to pass or return over the said Bridge and Causeway, or through the same; (that is to say),

For every Person on Foot, and if with a Wheelbarrow or such like Carriage, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass carrying Double, the Sum of Threepence:

For every Bull, Ox, Cow, Steer, Heifer, or Calf, the Sura of One Penny:

For every Sheep or Lamb, Boar, Sow, or Pig, One Penny; and if a Score or more, to pay after the Rate of Ten-pence per Score:

For every Hearse containing a Corpse, and every Hearse without a Corpse, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence;

For every Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Berlin, Landau, and Phaeton, and for every other Carriage hung on Springs, with Four or Three Wheels, and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Gig, Whiskey, and Chair, and for every other Carriage hung on Springs, with Two Wheels, drawn by not more than Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and if drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Waggon, Timber Carriage, Wain, Dray, Truck, or other such like Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Ten-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence : And,

For every Cart drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

And also from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, to ask, demand, take, and receive, to and for their own Use and Benefit, for Wharfage and Weighage of all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Things landed on or shipped from the said Wharfs, Quays, or Landing Places, or weighed or lowered by the said Weigh Beams or Cranes, for the Use of the said Wharfs, Quays, or Landing Places, Weigh Beams, and Cranes, the respective Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned; (that is to say),

J fv

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix. 265

For all Dung and Ashes, for all Chalk, Marl, Lime, and Limestone intended to be used for Manure, and for all other Articles intended to be used for Manure, the Sum of Three-pence per Ton, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton : >

For all Chalk, Marl, Lime, and Limestone, not intended to be used for

Manure, the Sum of Sixpence per Ton, and so in proportion for any r

greater or less Quantity than a Ton:

For all Coals, the Sum of Sixpence Chaldron, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron:

For every Last of Corn, Grain, or Malt, the Sum of One Shilling, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Last:

For every Barrel or Sack of ground Corn, Grain, or Malt, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Load of Timber, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Load:

For all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities whatsoever, in respect of which no Rate or Duty is herein-before made payable (except separate Packages, Parcels, or other Articles herein-after mentioned) the Sum of Nine-pence per Ton, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton $ and for every separate Package, Parcel, or other Article, not exceeding Two Hundred Weight each, and belonging and consigned to different or distinct Persons, the Sum of Sixpence for each Fifty-six Pounds Weight thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than < Fifty-six Pounds Weight: \ '

And if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Persona may Tolls, Rates, or Dues, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collec- be stopped on tor or Collectors, or other Person or Persons to be appointed as afore- p^ToUs.0 said, neglect or refuse to pay the same, it shall and may be lawful for p such Collector or Collectors, Person or Persons, by himself or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he or they shall think necessary, to stop and prevent the Passage of the Person or Persons so refusing, or of the Horse,

Beast, Cattle, or Carriage for or in respect of which such Tolls, Rates, or Dues ought to be paid, until full Payment thereof, or to seize and distrain any Horse or Horses or other Cattle, together with their Bridles, Saddles,

Gears, Harness, or Accoutrements, or any Carriage upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, or any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things, for the shipping, landing, depositing, storing, weighing, or lowering whereof any Rates or Dues are by this Act made payable, or any of the Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay such Rates or Dues, or any of them; and if such Tolls, Rates, or Dues, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after such Seizure and Distress made, the Collector or Collectors, Person or Persons,"so seizing and distraining, shall and may sell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, Carriages, Goods,

Chattels, Wares, Merchandizes, or Things so seized and distrained, or any Part or Parts thereof, returning the Overplus (if any) and what shall remain unsold upon Demand to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls,

Rates, or Dues, and all reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure,

Distress, and Sale, shall be deducted; and that all Monies so to be collected or levied shall be and are hereby vested in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and shall be applied to the Purposes of [Local.] 3 X this

2W 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

this Act: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, and also to and for all and every Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle or Thing chargeable with any of the Tolls or Duties hereby granted, to pass once for the same Toll over the said Bridge and Causeway, and through all and every the Toll Gates and Toll Bars to be erected by virtue of this Act, without being liable to pay a Toll at each Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Toll Bar; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

Tolls may

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprie-be altered, tors shall have full Power from Time to Time, at any General or Special General Assembly, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Tolls; but no Reduction of any such Tolls shall be made or take plate, unless a Majority of the Proprietors present at such General or Special General Assembly as herein-before directed, and Five Sixth Parts in Value of the Persons to whom Money may at that Time be owing on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, shall assent thereto; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors in like Manner again to raise the said Tolls to such Sum or Sums as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Interest of the said Undertaking.

Tolls may be

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to compounded aft(j for said Company of Proprietors, at any General Assembly to be held for that Purpose, or a Majority of them at such Assembly, from Time to Time as they shall see fit, and for the said Committee of Management for the Time being, at any of their General Meetings, to compound and agree, by the Year or otherwise, with any Person or Persons (except Common Carriers, Innkeepers, and Hackneymen, or Postmen) using to travel through Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act, with any Goach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calash, Chair, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Ass, or other dattle, or on Foot, for any Sum or Sums of Money for and in lieu of Payment of any of the Tolls or Duties to be collected at the said Toll Gates, such respective Compositions to be paid yearly from Time to Time after such Agreement shall be made, the First Year’s Composition to be advanced and paid immediately, and to be continued on in like Manner for and during so long a Time as the same shall not be found injurious to the real Interest of the said Company of Proprietors.

For prevent- .

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Collector

mg Toll Col- ancj fjg

is hereby required to place his Christian and Surname,

from • *

taking undue painted on a Board m legible Characters, in the Front or some other Tolls. conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately on his coming oh Duty, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he T shall be upon Duty; and every such Collector shall place or cause to be placed on the Front of the Toll House or Toll Houses at which such Collectors shall be stationed, a Board, whereon shall be painted either in White Letters upon a Black Ground or Black Letters upon a White

' xo ' Ground

267

4° GEORGII IV. Cap Ax.

Ground the List of the Tolls payable at such Gate; and if any Collector of the same Tolls shall not place such Boards respectively as aforesaid* and keep the same there during the Time he shall be such Collector as aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of this Act, or of the Orders and Resolutions of the said Company of Proprietors made in pursuance thereof, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading the Inscriptions on such Boards respectively, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same on having paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall in answer to such Demand give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket to denote the Payment of the Toll when demanded, or upon the legal Toll being paid or tendered shall unnecessarily detain, or wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Passenger or Passengers from passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or shall make use of any scurrilous ox abusive Language to any Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer, or any Passenger or Pas-* sengers, then and in every such Case every such Toll Collector shall for-* feit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge; and such Penalty shall be recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

< i / i f . Jv* *’ \ l. . .f K' | »i I?;*

- j

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall take off Penalty on or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Beast from any Carriage at evading or near to the said Bridge or Causeway, and afterwards put on or add the same after having passed the said Bridge or Causeway with Intent to evade, and shall thereby evade or endeavour to evade the Payment of any Part of the said Tolls, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or deliver to or receive from any other Person or Persons any Note or Ticket with Intent to evade the Payment of any Part of the said Tolls, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and it shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors to stop and prevent the Passage of every such Person, till such Person shall have paid the said Sum so forfeited j and if any Person shall forcibly pass over the said Bridge and Causeway, or through the Toll Gates or Bars to be erected under or by virtue of this Act, without having paid the said Tolls, or shall assault, interrupt, or obstruct any Person employed in the Collection of the said Tolls, or the Rates and Dues aforesaid, every Person offending in any of such Cases shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Disputes for settling shall happen respecting the demanding or taking or the Payment of Toll, Disputes or about the Amount of Toll due, or the Charges of keeping or selling concerning any Distress, such Dispute or Disputes shall be heard and determined by 0 Is' any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place in which the Cause of Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose,

shall

268

Collectors of Tolls may give Evidence.

Penalty on conveying for Hire Persons, &o. over the Harbour within a certain Distance otherwise than over the •Bridge.

Power to farm Tolls.

Committee may remove Collectors, and appoint temporary ones.

4° GEORGII IV. ix.

shall examine the Matter upon Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath every such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), and shall determine the Amount of the Toll due, and other Matters in Dispute between the Parties, and may also award such Costs to be paid by either Party to the other as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable; all which Costs, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so awarded or directed to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant every such Justice is hereby empowered to issue), and the Overplus (if any) after Payment of such Costs, and the Costs of such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the same, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Company of Proprietors, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Tolls.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That after the said Bridge and Causeway shall be completed, if any Person shall in any Way or in any Manner for Hire, Recompence, or Gain, convey any Person, Horse, Beast, Or other Cattle, or any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or any Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime, Manure, or any Article or Thing whatsoever, across the said Langstone Harbour, from the Mainland to Hay ling Island, within the Distance of One thousand Yards from the said Bridge and Causeway, otherwise than over the said Bridge and Causeway, or shall be in anywise aiding or assisting therein, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors at any General Assembly to be held under or by virtue of this Act, to lease or demise all or any of the said Tolls for any Term of Years not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, for such Rent, payable at such Times and under such Covenants as they shall think fit, the said Company of Proprietors taking such sufficient Security from the Person or Persons to whom such Tolls shall be leased or demised for Payment of such Rent and Performance of such Covenants as they shall think fit, which Rent shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Lessee, Collector, or Receiver of the Tolls shall die, or neglect or refuse to perform or become incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Committee of Management, although not assembled at a Meeting of the said Committee of Management to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to

discharge

269

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

discharge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting or refusing to perform or becoming incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absenting himself, and to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls until the then next Meeting of the said Committee of Management, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver who shall so die or be discharged; and such Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the like Manner in all Respects, as the Collector or Receiver who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person or Persons who may have the Possession of any Toll House or Building, or any Appurtenances thereto, to be erected, set up, or used by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up the Possession thereof for the Space of Seven Days next after Demand thereof made by Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Company, for that Purpose, given to such Collector or Receiver, or any Person or Persons, or left at any such Toll House, Building, or Premises, then and in every of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the said County, with such Assistance as may be necessary, to enter such Toll House or other Buildings or Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the same, and put the said Committee of Management, or such new appointed Collector or Receiver as aforesaid, into the Possession thereof.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Toll whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Horses or Carriages attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family, or returning after having so attended; nor for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Description employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or returning back from conveying or guarding the same, or for any Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriages attending them with their Arms and Baggage, or returning after having been so employed; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or other Carriage travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or any Prisoner sent by any legal Warrant, or returning empty after having been so employed; or for any Volunteers upon their March or upon Duty, or in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for or belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Per-[Local.~] 3 T sons

Collectors refusing to deliver up Toll Houses, &c.

Justires empowered to grant Warrants, and Constables to enter and remove such Collectors, &c.

General Exemptions from Tolls of Bridge and Causeway.

270

Owners or Drivers of Waggons employed in the Service of His Majesty's Forces not to be subject to Penalties for Overweight.

Damage done to Bridge or Causeway by Masters of Vessels, &c. to be paid for by the Owners.

4" GEORGII IV. ix.

-sons be dressed in the Uniforms of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemptions as aforesaid; nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of Religious Worship, tolerated by Law, upon Sundays, or any other Day upon which Pivine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated *, or for any Horse or other Beast drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or other Carriage, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Southampton, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the same, every such Person or Persons for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Person or Persons having the Care of any Float, Raft, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel which shall be navigated in or upon the said Langstone Harbour, shall wilfully, carelessly, or negligently cause, permit, or suffer any Damage or Injury to be done to the said Bridge and Causeway, or to the said Wharfs, Quays, or Landing Places, or to either of them, or to any Part or Parts of either of them, by any such Float, Raft, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, then and in every such Case the Owner or Owners of every such Float, Raft, Boat> Barge, or other Vessel shall be answerable and liable to make full and complete Satisfaction to the said Company of Proprietors for such Damage or Injury, and such Satisfaction shall and may be recovered from the Owner or Owners of such Float, Raft, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, in like Manner as if such Damage or Injury had been occasioned by ox through their own Negligence or Carelessness : Provided nevertheless, that no Person or Persons who is or are Owner or Owners of any such Float, Raft, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall be liable to any Action or Prosecution at Law for any Damage that may accidentally be done by such Float, Raft, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, to the said Bridge or Causeway, or to the said Wharfs, Quays, or Landing Places; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4° GEORGII IV. ix. 271

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons For prevent-shall ride upon any Footpath by the Side of the said Bridge, Causeway, and Roads leading thereto, made or set apart for the Accommodation of the Bridge, Foot Passengers, or shall lead or drive any Horse, Ass, Mule, Swine, or Causeway, Cattle, or Carriage of any Description, or any Wheelbarrow, Truck, or antl Roads* Sledge, or any single Wheel of any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage apart therefrom, upon any such Footpath or Causeway, or shall cause any In-j ury or Damage to be done to the same, or the Hedges, Posts, Rails, or Fences thereof; or if any Person or Persons, having the Care of any Float,

Raft, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel which shall be navigated in and upon the said Harbour called Langstone Harbour, or any other Person or Persons, shall pass a Line over the said Bridge or Causeway to the Annoyance or Hindrance of Passengers, Carriages, or Cattle going over the same; or shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of such Bridge, Causeway, and Roads, any Timber, Stone, or other Thing, otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages; or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing which shall be carried principally or in part upon wheeled Carriages to drag or trail upon such Bridge, Causeway, and Roads, to the Prejudice thereof; or shall use any Tipstick,

Joggle, or other Instrument for the Purpose of retarding the Descent of any Cart or other Carriage down the Descent of the said Bridge and Causeway, in such Manner as to destroy, injure, or disturb the Surface thereof; or shall in or upon such Bridge, Causeway, and Roads, or by the Side or Sides thereof, or in any Situation near thereto, kill, slaughter, singe, scald, burn, dress, or cut up any Beast, Swine, Calf, Lamb, or other Cattle; or if any Person driving any Horse or other Beast on the said Bridge, Causeway, and Roads, carrying any Iron Bar or Rod, Basket or Pannier, or any other Matter or Thing, shall place such Bar or Rod, Basket or Pannier, Matter or Thing, so that the same, or any of them, shall project more than Thirty Inches from the Side of such Horse or other Beast, or so as in any Manner to obstruct or impede the Passage of any Person, or any Horse, Beast, or Carriage travelling along the said Bridge, Causeway, and Roads; or if any Hawker, Higgler, Gipsey, or other Person or Persons travelling with any Machine, Vehicle, Cart, or other Carriage, with or without any Horse, Mule, or Ass, shall pitch any Tent, Booth, Stall, or Stand, or encamp upon or by the Sides of any Part of the said Bridge,

Causeway, and Roads, or any of the Works belonging thereto; or if any Blacksmith, or other Person occupying a Blacksmith’s Shop, situate near the said Bridge, Causeway, and Roads, and having a Window or Windows fronting the same, or any Part thereof, shall not, by good and close Shutters every Evening after it becomes Twilight, bar and prevent the Light from such Shop shining into or upon the said Bridge, Causeway, and Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to or wantonly let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or other Firework whatsoever, within Eighty Feet of the Centre of such Bridge, Causeway, and Roads; or bait or run for the Purpose of baiting any Bull, or play at Football, Tennis, Fives, Cricket, or any other Game or Games, upon such Bridge, Causeway, and Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, or in any exposed Situation near thereto; or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatever, upon such Bridge, Causeway, and Roads, or upon any of the Works belonging thereto, or on the

Side

272

Power to remove Annoyances.

nit

Midi <«*U> ?

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.K.

Side or Sides thereof, without any proper Person in the sole Custody or Care thereof, longer than may be necessary to load or unload the same (except in Cases of Accident) for a longer Time than may be necessary to remove the same; or shall not place such Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage, during the Time of loading or unloading the same, or of taking Refreshment, as near to one Side of the said Bridge, Causeway, and Roads as conveniently may be, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Timber, Stone, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Ashes, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon such Bridge, Causeway, and Roads, or on the Footpaths adjoining, to the Prejudice of such Bridge, Causeway, and Roads or Footpaths, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, Interruption, or personal Danger of any Person or Persons travelling thereon j or shall suffer any Water, Filth, Dirt, or other offensive Matter or Thing whatsoever to run or flow into or upon such Bridge, Causeway, and Roads or Footpaths, from any House, Building, Erection, Lands, or Premises adjacent thereto; or if any Person or Persons shall pull down, damage, injure, or destroy any Lamp or Lamp Post put up, erected, or placed in or near the Side of the said Bridge, Causeway, and Roads, or Tollhouse or Tollhouses erected thereon, or shall extinguish the Light of any such Lamp, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, over and above the Damages occasioned thereby.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or the said Committee of Management for the Time being, or for their Surveyor or Surveyors, or for such Person or Persons as the said Company or Committee, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or any of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Bridge, Causeway, and Roads, Docks, Wharfs, Quays, and Landing Places, by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourse, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, and cleanse any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining to the said Roads, and make the same as deep and as large as he or they shall think proper and necessary, and to cut down, lop, or top any Bushes growing in the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, so as that the Fences be not injured thereby, and to take and carry away the same, in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises shall neglect to remove the same, or to cut down or carry away such Bushes as aforesaid, or to open, scour, or cleanse such Watercourses or Ditches, or remove such other Annoyances, for the Space of Three Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by the said Company of Proprietors or the said Committee of Management, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, the Charges thereof (to be settled by any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, and which Charges the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to settle accordingly), shall be reimbursed to the said Company of Proprietors by such Owners or Occupiers, the same to be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered; and il after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again oftend in the like Kind, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Stim not exceeding Five Pounds.

1; LXXIX. And

4" GEORGII IV. ix.

273

LXXIXo And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Ass, Sheep, Surveyors Swine, or other Beast or Cattle of any Kind, shall at any Time be found CatUefound wandering, straying, or lying on the said Bridge, Causeway, or Roads, or straying on by the Sides thereof, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor, or any other Per- the Roads, son or Persons whomsoever, to seize and impound every such Horse, Ass, Bridge, or Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle, in the common Pound of the Causeway. Hundred, Parish, Township, Tything, or Place where the same shall be, or in such other Place as the said Committee of Management shall appoint, and the same there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every and each Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle so impounded, pay the Sum of One Shilling to the Person impounding the same, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the same; and in case the said Penalty,

Charges, and Expences shall not be paid within Four Days next after such impounding, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee of Management to sell or cause to be sold every such Horse, Ass, Sheep,

Swine, or other Beast or Cattle, and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said Penalty, and Charges and Expences of impounding, keeping, and selling every such Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle, shall be paid to the Person whose Property the same so sold shall appear to have been, on Demand.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Punishing shall release or attempt to release any Cow, Horse, Ass, Swine, or other Pereonsguiltjr Live Stock or Cattle, which shall be seized for the Purpose of being im-pounded under the Authority of this Act, from the Pound or Place where the same shall be so impounded, or shall pull down, damage, or destroy the same Pound or Place, or any Part thereof, or any Lock or Bolt belonging thereto, or with which the same shall be fastened, or shall rescue or release, or attempt to rescue or release, any Distress or Levy which shall be made under the Authority of this Act, until or before such Cow,

Horse, Ass, Swine, or other Live Stock or Cattle seized or so impounded, or such Distress or Levy so made, shall be discharged by due course of Law, every Person so offending shall, upon Conviction thereof before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, either upon Confession of the Party or Parties offending or upon the Oath of One credible Witness, and which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer, be committed by such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Southampton, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls that shall be col- Directing the lected and received under or by virtue of this Act, shall be applied and Application disposed of in Manner herein-after mentioned, (that is to say), in the first Tolls, place, in paying the Expences for the Time being for carrying this Act into Execution, and of keeping the said Bridge, Causeway, and Roads in proper Repair and Condition; and in the next place, in paying to the Mortgagees and Annuitants under this Act the Interest and Annuities to which they shall be respectively entitled in Manner herein-before provided; and the Surplus thereof shall be divided amongst the said Proprietors in proportion to the Amount of their respective Shares.

[LicaL] zZ • LXXXII. And

2H 4° GEORGII IV. ix.

Destroying

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or.Persons ^Vorks. shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down, or destroy any of the Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act* every such Person shall be judged guilty of Felony, and every Such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Punishments and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

TheBridgeto

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Company of be complded Proprietors shall not, within Two Years from and after the passing of this m wo ears. complete the said Bridge and Causeway so as to make the same passable for Horses and Carriages, that then and from thenceforth all and singular the Powers and Authorities vested in them by this Act shall cease and determine, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

vigation.-57 G. 3. C. lxxxiii.

Saving the

LXXXIV. And whereas the Company of Proprietors of the Portsmouth Rights of the an(j j4rundej Navigation by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh of Ports- Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled •niopth and An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Arun

Arundel Ka- -fo Chichester Harbour, and from thence to Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, with a Cut or Branch from Hunston Common to or near the City of Chichester; and for improving the Navigation of the Harbour of Langstone, and Channels of Langstone and Thorney, are about to make and form, in continuation of the Canal by the said Act directed to be made, a Cut through or across the said Wadeway leading from Langstone to Hayling Island aforesaid, for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and Vessels at all Times of Tide; and the said Company when the said Cut were so formed must have made and erected a Bridge and Causeway across the said intended Gut, to complete the Passage across the said Wadeway, if the Bridge, Causeway, and Works by this Act directed to be made and formed were not intended to be erected and built: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors of the Portsmouth and Arundel Navigation, in order to facilitate the Erection of the said Bridge, Causeway, and Works by this Act directed to be made, are desirous of contributing the Sum of Three thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds (being the estimated Charges and Expences of erecting and keeping in repair the Bridge and Causeway to be made by them over the said intended Cut across the said Wadeway) towards the building of the same, on Condition that they are exempted and saved harmless in the Manner herein-after mentioned; be it therefore further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to allow the Company of Proprietors acting under this Act in any Manner to obstruct the Passage of or injure or damage the Cut authorized by the before-mentioned Company of Proprietors of the Portsmouth and Arundel Navigation to be made through or across the now Wadeway from Langstone to Hayling Island aforesaid; nor shall any thing herein contained extend or be construed to extend to lessen or abate, or in atty manner to affect or prejudice the Rights, Powers, or Privileges of the said Company of Proprietors-acting under the said Act $ nor in any Manner • 8 to

4° GEORGII IV. Cap Ax. 275

to subject or charge them with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money for any future Repairs of the Bridge and Causeway authorized by this Act to be made, or to entitle the said Company of Proprietors of the Portsmouth and Arundel Navigation to participate in any of the Profits and Advantages that shall or may arise and accrue by the Tolls, Rates, Dues,

Duties, and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of Proprietors by the Authority of this Act.

LXXXV. And whereas the probable Expences of building the said Thewhpieof Bridge and Causeway, and making the Avenues thereto, will, according to J besu?1ate an Estimate thereof made, amount to the Sum of Twelve thousand 8cribedbefore Pounds, and the Sum of Ten thousand and eighty Pounds, being more proceeding than Four-fifth Parts of such Expences, has already been subscribed for with the Act.v defraying such Expences by several Persons, under a Contract binding them, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for Payment of the several Sums so subscribed by them respectively; be it therefore further enacted, That the whole of the said Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds shall abe subscribed in like Manner before any of the Powers and Provisions given by this Act shall be put in force.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, Penalties and and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein otherwise directed), and also reC0vered. all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines for Offences against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law, to be made in pursuance of this Act (of which Rule, Order, or Bye Law, when produced, all Justices are hereby required to take Notice), shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, l>y Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant for such Purpose, and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deducted, shall he returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or levied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Company, and applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his or their Appearance before such Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Five Pays from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then jt shall and may be lawful for any

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of such County, City, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

LXXXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it o en ties, jawfuj for t}le company frorn Time to Time, if they shall see

Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons (not being a Witness or Witnesses) aiding or assisting in the Apprehension of any Offender or Offenders therein, or any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to attend and give Evidence before any Justice of the Peace, touching any Matter of Fact contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or the Person or Persons accused, shall, on being paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her, or their Loss of Time, Costs, Charges, and Expences, refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, (or, in case of a Quaker or Quakers, on solemn Affirmation), and to give Evidence before such Justice of the Peace, then and in every such Case every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

For securing

LXXXIX. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act transient may be transient Persons, unknown to the Collectors and other Persons Offenders. under this Act; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and to convey him or them before any One or more of the Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Offence shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

Conviction XC. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders of Offenders, against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen; (that is to say),

Form of ‘ \ 15 E it remembered, That on the Day of

Conviction. ‘ to wit. j in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ‘ yf. B. is convicted before me C.D. [or, before us C. D.

* E* F.] One [or, Two] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

‘ County

Compelling Witnesses to attend.

276

Application

277

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

♦ County of [ specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when

* and where the same was committed, as the Case may be.] Given under t my Hand and Seal, [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first t above mentioned/

XCI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be considered a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or the Appointment of the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or in any other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the said Party or Parties distraining be deemed or considered a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards happen to be done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage which he, she, or they shall have sustained thereby, with usual Costs, and no more, in an Action of Trespass, or on the Case, at the Election of the Person or Persons so aggrieved.

XCII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Ten Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of good and sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought, nor if such Tender of Amends shall be made at any Time after the said Action brought, and before the Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit, to the Time of such last-mentioned Tender; but on Proof of such Tender on any Trial to be had in such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suffer Judgment as in Cases of Nonsuit, with full Costs, to be recovered in the same manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Costs in any other Case by Law; or in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye Law, or Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Committee of Management, or by any Order, Judgment, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons may within [Local.'] 4 A Three

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form.

Plaintiff not to recover.

norta>vqo;

Appeal.

+ hllO\

' \ Wr7

278 4° GEORGII IV. CapAx.

Three Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgment, or Determination shall have been made or given, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County, City, or Place in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise (first giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City, or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon); and the said Justices shall in a summary Way either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General or Quarter Sessions, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, City, or Place; and the said Justices may, if they see Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Law, Order, Judgment, or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable.

Declaring XCIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein it may be what shall be requisite or necessary for any Person or Persons, or Party or Parties, to serve any Notice or Notices upon the said Company, or any Writ or Writs or other legal Proceedings, the Service thereof upon the Chairman or any Member of the said Committee of Management for the Time being, or left at his usual Place of Abode, or upon the Clerk of the said Company for the lime being, or at the Office of such Clerk, or left at his usual Place of Abode, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Company.

good Service of Notices on the Company

Limitation XCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or of Actions. Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Three Calendar Months after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid, brought, and tried in the Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may, at his, her, or their Election, plead specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and under the Authority of this Act j and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Ten Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made and tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants j and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover full Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cases by Law.

v

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which the aforegoing Act refers.

County and Parish. Owners. Occupier. Description of Property.

Southampton: Havant. Devisees in Trust of Thomas Bayly Silver, deceased. James King A Close of Land called Langs tone Lane Field, and a Close of Land called Salt Piece.

279

[Public Act.]

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823,

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS

Cap. x.

An Act for erecting a Bridge over the Water of Cary, from Pomphlet Point, to or near to Great Prince Rock, in the County of Devon.

[2d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled 52G. 3. c. 50. An Act for the Improvement of certain Parts of the Harbour of Catwater, within the Manor of Plympton, in the County of Devon, and for more effectually providing for the Security of the Communication from Pomphlet Point across the contiguous Water of Lary, within the said Manor; and thereby, after reciting that the Harbour of Catwaterr within the Port of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, is a very ancient Harbour, and that such Parts of the said Harbour as lie to the Eastward of a Line drawn from Monkeydoe, on the North Side of the said Harbour, to Ivey Cove, on the South Side of the same, are reputed to be within the Manor and Honor of Plympton, in the said County of Devon; and that the Passage across Catwater from Oreston to Catdown, is an ancient established Passage, of which the Right Honourable John Earl of Morley (then called John Lord Boringdon), Lord of the said Manor of Plympton, is Proprietor, and that the said John Earl of Morley, (then John Lord Boringdon) Lord of the said Manor of Plympton had, in aid of the said Passage, and to the great Advantage and Convenience of the Public, recently established, by Means of a Ferry Boat, known by the Name of The Flying Bridge, a Communication across the contiguous Water of \LocalJ\ 4 B Lary,

282

Pow«r to the Earl of Morley to erect the Bridge.

Its Height to be 25 Feet above Mid Tide.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

Lary, from Pomphlet Point to the New Cot opposite the same, and that it was expedient that such Communication should be rendered more safe and secure, it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the said John Earl of Morley (then John Lord Boringdon), Lord of the said Manor of Plympton, and his Heirs and Assigns, from Time to Time to place, or cause to be placed, across the Water known by the Name of the Lary, such Rope or Hawser as might be found necessary for the due and safe Working Passage and Re-passage of the then present or any other Ferry Boat, commonly known by the Name of The Flying Bridge, to and from the Point called Pomphlet Point, and the New Cot opposite to the same: And whereas since the passing of the said Act the said Ferry Boat, called The Flying Bridge, hath been maintained by the said John Earl of Morley, at the said Communication across the Water of Lary, to the great Advantage and Convenience of the Public: And whereas in consequence of the great Number of Persons who resort to the said Ferry Boat, called The Flying Bridge, and the necessary Delay occasioned by the crossing and re-crossing of the said Boat, it is desirable that a permanent Bridge should be erected across the said Water of Lary in lieu thereof: And whereas the said John Earl of Morley is willing, at his own Expence, to erect a Bridge across the said Water of Lary, from Land belonging to him at Pomphlet Point aforesaid, to other Land, also belonging to him, situate at or near to a Place called Great Prince Rock, in the said County of Devon; but inasmuch as the Purpose aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s 'most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful to and for the said John Earl of Morley, Lord of the said Manor and Honor of Plympton, or the Lord of the said Manor and Honor for the Time being, at his or their own Costs and Charges, to erect, complete, and maintain a Bridge across the said Water of Lary, from Pomphlet Point to or near to Great Prince Rock aforesaid, and for that Purpose to construct, build, and keep in Repair such Erections, Piers, Arches, and other Works, and do all such other Things as he or they shall think convenient or necessary for making, effecting, and preserving the said Bridge.

II. And in order that the said John Earl of Morley, or the Lord of the said Manor and Honor for the Time being, may be enabled to make the extreme Points of the said intended Bridge from Pomphlet Point aforesaid, to or near to Great Prince Rock aforesaid, accessible with easy Acclivities and Declivities, and at the same Time to erect the said Bridge with as little Inconvenience as may be to the Navigation of the Water which the same is intended to cross; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said John Earl of Morley, or the Lord of the said Manor and Honor for the Time being, so to erect and make the said Bridge, that the same shall in all Parts thereof be of the Height of Twenty-five Feet at the Bottom thereof, above the Surface of the Water at Mid Tide in ordinary Spring Tides, or any greater Height which the said John Earl of Morley, or the Lord of the said Manor and Honor for the Time being, shall think fit; but it shall not in any Part thereof, where the same shall cross the Water, be of any less Height.

5

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case at any Time or Times after the said Bridge shall have been completed, the Passage over the same may be rendered dangerous, by Means of unforeseen Accidents or Damage, then and as often as it shall so happen, it shall be lawful for the said John Earl of Morley, or the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being of the said Bridge, during such Time or Times as shall be necessary for repairing or rebuilding the said Bridge, to erect and build a temporary Bridge at such Place or Places near the Site of the said Bridge as he or they shall think proper, and to receive, for Passage over the said Water of Lary such Tolls or Pontage as are herein-after authorized to be taken, for passing over the said intended Bridge.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said John Earl of Morley, or the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Bridge, shall and may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, and Toll House or Toll Houses, in, upon, across, or near to the said Bridge, in such Manner as not to obstruct any ancient Road or Way; and that the Tolls or Pontage following may be demanded and taken by such Collector or Collectors, or other Persons as the said John Earl of Morley, or the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Bridge, shall from Time to Time appoint, at the said Gate or Turnpike, or One of the said Gates or Turnpikes, for each and every Time of passing over the said Bridge; (that is to say).

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse or Litter, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of Three Shillings: For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse or Litter, drawn by Four or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse or Litter, drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse or Litter, drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence : For every Chaise, Car or Chair, with Two Wheels, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast, the Sum of One Shilling: For every Carriage (without Horses) of any Description which shall be fastened or tied, or in any manner affixed to another Carriage, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every covered Waggon, drawn by more than Four Horses, or othtir Beasts, the Sum of Four Shillings:

For every covered Waggon, drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts, thte Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence:

For every covered Waggon, drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Three Shillings:

For every covered Waggon, drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

For every covered Cart, drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Two Shillings:

283

Power, when necessary to erect a temporary Bridge.

Power to erect Gates, and take Tolls or Pontage.

Tolls or Pontage.

For

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

For every covered Cart, drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence:

For every covered Cart, drawn by One Horse or other Beast, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence:

For every other Waggon, Wain, Tumbril, or Dray, drawn by Four or more Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence: For every other Waggon, Wain, Tumbril, or Dray, drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Three Shillings:

For every other Waggon, Wain, Tumbril or Dray, drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

For every other Waggon, Wain, Tumbril or Dray, drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence:

For every other Cart, Wain, Tumbril or Dray, drawn by Three Horses, or other Beasts, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every other Cart, Wain, Tumbril or Dray, drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts, the Sum of One Shilling and Two-pence:

For every other Cart, Wain, Tumbril or Dray, drawn by One Horse, or other Beast, the Sum of Ten-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Ass, laden or unladen, (and not drawing), or carrying only one Person, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Foot Passenger, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Carriage used for the Purpose of drawing or conveying Timber, having the Fellies of the Wheels cylindrical, and of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a flat and level Surface, drawn by Eight Horses, or other Beasts, the Sum of Five Shillings; and having the Fellies of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, drawn by the like Number of Horses, or other Beasts, the Sum of Twelve Shillings:

For every Carriage used for the drawing or conveying Timber, drawn by Seven Horses, or other Beasts, having the Fellies of the Wheels cylindrical, and of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a flat and level Surface, the Sum of Four Shillings and Sixpence; and having the Fellies of the Wheels of a less. Breadth than Six Inches, drawn by the like Number of Horses, or other Beasts, the Sum of Ten Shillings:

For every Carriage used for the Purpose of drawing or conveying Timber, drawn by Six Horses, or other Beasts, having the Fellies of the Wheels cylindrical, and of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a flat and level Surface, the Sum of Four Shillings; and having the Fellies of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, drawn by the like Number of Horses, or other Beasts, the Sum of Nine Shillings:

For every Carriage used for the Purpose of drawing or conveying Timber, drawn by Five Horses, or other Beasts, having the Fellies of the Wheels cylindrical, and of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a flat and level Surface, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence; and having the Fellies of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, drawn by the like Number of Horses, or other Beasts, the Sum of Eight Shillings:

For every Carriage used for the Purpose of drawing or conveying Timber, drawn by Four Horses, or other Beasts, having the Fellies of the

Wheels

285

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

Wheels cylindrical, and of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a flat and level Surface, the Sum of Two Shillings and Nine-pence; and having the Fellies of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, drawn by the like Number of Horses, or other Beasts, the Sum of Six Shillings:

For every Carriage used for the Purpose of drawing or conveying Timber, drawn by Three Horses, or other Beasts, having the Fellies of the Wheels cylindrical, and of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a flat and level Surface, the Sum of Two Shillings; and having the Fellies of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, drawn by the like Number of Horses, or other Beasts, the Sum of Five Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said John Earl of Morley, or the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Bridge, from Time to Time to lessen and diminish the Tolls or Pontage granted by this Act, and afterwards again to raise and augment the same, but so as not to exceed the Tolls or Pontage hereby authorized to be taken.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Coach, Chariot, Hearse, Chaise, Chair, Waggon, Wain, Cart and other Carriages whatsoever, and the Horses and other Beasts drawing such Carriages respectively, and also all and every Horse, Mule and Ass, laden or unladen and not drawing, and also every Foot Passenger, and also all Oxen, Cows and Neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Swine, Sheep and Lambs, for which the Tolls or Pontage hereby granted shall be paid, shall be allowed to pass over the said Bridge, and also return, without being chargeable with the Payment of any Toll or Pontage for returning once on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night), the respective Persons attending such Carriages, Horses or other Beasts or Cattle as aforesaid, producing the Tickets denoting such respective Payments, which are herein-after required to be delivered to them on Payment of such Toll or Pontage.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any Horse or Horses shall pass over the said Bridge, not drawing any Carriage, and a Toll or Pontage shall be paid on such Horse or Horses at the said Bridge, and the same Horse or Horses shall return drawing any Carriage on the same Day, the Toll or Pontage paid on such Horse or Horses on their originally passing shall be deducted from the Toll or Pontage payable on the same when drawing the Carriage to which they shall be attached on their Return, so that no higher Toll or Pontage shall in the whole be taken than if such Horse or Horses had in the first Place passed over the said Bridge drawing the said Carriage.

Vm. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall pass over the said Bridge, not having any Horse or Horses, and who shall pay a Toll or Pontage for himself, herself, or themselves only, and such Person or Persons shall return on the same Day with any Horse or Horses for which a Toll or Pontage on such Return shall also be paid, the Toll or Pontage paid by such Person or Persons on his, her, or their qri-ginally passing shall be deducted from the Toll or Pontage payable on the said Horse or Horses when so returning, so that no higher Toll or Pontage shall in the whole be taken than if such Person or Persons had in the first Place passed over the said Bridge with such Horse or Horses.

[Local.'] 4 C

Power to diminish Tolls or Pontage.

Carriages, Foot Passengers, &c. may pass and return on the same Day for one Toll.

Horses having passed and returning drawing a Carriage, Tolls or Pontage paid on Horses to be deducted.

Persons, having passed, returning with a Horse or Horses, Tolls or Pontage paid for themselves to be deducted.

286

A Table of Tolls or Pontage to be put up.

Tickets, denoting Payment, to be provided and delivered to Persons paying Toll or Pontage.

To enforce Payment of Toll or Pontage.

Collector may distrain.

If Toll or Pontage and Charges not paid in Four Days, Distress may be sold.

Disputes concerning Tolls or Pontage may be settled by a Justice or Justices of the Peace.

4" GEORGII IV. .x.

IX. And be it further enacted, That before any Tolls or Pontage shall be demanded for passing over the said Bridge, the said John Earl of Morley, or the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Bridge, shall cause to be put, and afterwards to be continued at the Toll Gate, or every Toll Gate on or near to the said Bridge, a Table painted in distinct and legible Black Letters, on a Board with a White Ground, containing a List of all the Tolls or Pontage payable at the said Bridge, distinguishing the several Tolls or Pontage, and the different Sorts of Carriages for which they are to be paid where there is any Variation therein; and shall provide or cause to be provided. Tickets denoting the Payment of Toll or Pontage, one of which Tickets shall be delivered gratis to the Person paying the Toll or Pontage.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Renter or Renters, Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls or Pontage, or any of them, to stop and prevent the Passage of any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Tolls or Pontage, or any of them, or the Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage or other Thing for or in respect whereof the said Tolls or Pontage ought to be paid; or if any Person subject or liable to the Payment of any of the said Tolls or Pontage shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Renter or Renters, Collector or Collectors of such Tolls or Pontage, by himself or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he or they shall think necessary, to seize and distrain any Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage or other Thing, upon or in respect of which any such Toll or Pontage is imposed, together with their respective Bridles, Saddles, Gears, Harness, or Accoutrements (except the Bridle or Reins of any Horse or other Beast separate from the Horse or Beast so taken) or any Carriage, in respect of the Horses or Cattle drawing the Carriage on which such Toll or Pontage is imposed, or any of the Goods or Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay; and if the Toll or Pontage, or any Part thereof, so neglected or refused to be paid, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining, may sell the Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage, or Things so seized and distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus of the Money to arise by such Sale (if any) and what shall remain unsold, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls or Pontage, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure, Distress and Sale, shall be deducted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Disputes shall happen respecting the demanding or taking, or the Payment of Toll or Pontage, or about the Amount of Toll or Pontage due, or the Charges of keeping or selling any Distress, such Dispute or Disputes shall be heard and determined by any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which the Cause of Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter upon Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses (which Oath every such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized and empowered to administer) and shall determine the Amount of the Toll or Pontage due, and other Matters in Dispute between the Parties, and may also award such Costs to be paid by either Party to the other, as to such Justice

287

4° GEORGII IV. Gago.x.

or Justices shall seem just and reasonable; all which Costs, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so awarded or directed to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand arid Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices (which Warrant every such Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered to issue) and the Overplus (if any) after Payment of such Costs, and the Costs of such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Person or Persons who^e Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not The Royal

extend or be construed to extend to charge with Toll any Horses or Car- ex-

riages attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family. emp e

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall give to or Penalty on receive from any Person, other than the Renters or Collectors of the Tolls

or Pontage, or forge, counterfeit, or alter any Note or Ticket directed to 10 ets' be given, with Intent to evade the Payment of the Tolls or Pontage, or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall fraudulently or forcibly pass through Forcibly, &c. any such Toll Gate, or shall leave upon the said Bridge any Horse, Cattle, passing. Beast, or Carriage whatsoever, by reason whereof the Payment of any Tolls or Pontage shall be avoided or lessened; or shall take off or cause Taking off to be taken off any Horse or other Beast or Cattle from any Carriage Horses, &c. before having passed over the said Bridge, and after having passed the said Bridge shall put on the same, or shall do any other Act whatever, whereby the Payment of all or any of the Tolls or Pontage shall or may be evaded; every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom he or she shall be convicted.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said John Power to let Earl of Morley, or the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Bridge, from Time to Time to let the Polls or Pontage hereby au- Pontage, thorized to be taken, or to compound with any Person or Persons, for the Passage by him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages over the said Bridge, for any Term or Terms of Tears, or lesser Period, in such Manner as he or they may think proper.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or other Person collectors authorized or appointed to collect the Tolls or Pontage on the said Bridge* permitting shall permit or suffer any Person, Horse, Cattle, or Carriage to pass over Carriages to the said Bridge, through any Toll Gate at which such Collector or other PJJJ °*Her-Person shall be stationed, without paying the Toll or Pontage payable, or ^lowetfby shall be guilty of any other Misconduct in his or her Office, every Col- this Act, and lector or other Person so offending and being thereof convicted before any not prose-Justice or Justices, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not ex- cuting» ceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before Penalty* whom he or she shall be convicted.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Collector of the said Tolls Collectors or Pontage shall place or cause to be placed on some conspicuous Part of to put up the Front of the Toll House at which he or she shall be stationed, and so their Names that the same shall appear to public View, his or her Christian and Sur- on a Board 8

name,

288

and a Board in Front of Toll House, containing a List of Tolls or Pontage payable. Collector neglecting to do so, or taking a greater or less Sum than is authorized, or offending in the Particulars herein mentioned;

[Penalty.]

Collector, &c. discharged, refusing to deliver Possession of House, &c. Justices may remove them and their Goods.

For removing Annoyances.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

name, painted in Black Letters on a Board with a White Ground, each of such Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length, and of a Breadth in proportion, and that such Board shall be and remain at such Toll House during the whole of the Time that the Person whose Name shall be expressed thereon shall be on Duty thereat; and every such Collector shall place or cause to be placed, on the Front of the Toll House at which such Collector shall be stationed, the Board hereinbefore directed to be provided by the said John Earl of Morley, or the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Bridge, containing the List of the Tolls or Pontage; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Boards respectively as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time he or she shall be such Collector as aforesaid, or shall demand and take a greater or less Toll or Pontage from any Person than he or she shall be authorized to do, or shall refuse to permit or suffer any Person or Persons to read, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading the Inscriptions on such Boards respectively, or shall refuse to tell his or her Christian and Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same on being paid the said Tolls or Pontage, or any of them, or shall in answer to such Demand give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or omit to give to the Person paying the Toll or Pontage a Ticket denoting the Payment of the same, or upon the legal Toll or Pontage being paid or tendered, shall unnecessarily detain, or wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Passenger or Passengers from passing over the said Bridge, or shall make use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Traveller or Passenger; then and in every such Case every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom he or she shall be convicted.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Toll Collector who shall be discharged from his or her Office by the said John Earl of Morley, or the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Bridge, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of the Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, which he or she enjoyed in right of his or her Appointment to that Office, within Two Days after Notice of his or her Discharge shall be given to him or her, or left at his or her House; or if the Wife or Family of any Toll Collector, or his or her Deputy, who shall die, be absent, or shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of such Building and Appurtenances within Four Days after any other Collector shall be appointed thereto; then and in either of the said Cases, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Buildings shall be situate, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order a Constable, or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House and Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods, out of such House, and to put the new appointed Collector into the Possession thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Steward, Surveyor, or Agent, to be appointed by the said John Earl of Morley, or the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Bridge, and such Persons as he or they shall respectively appoint, from Time to Time, to remove all Obstructions, Annoyances, and Encroachments

4° GEORGII -IV. Cap. x. 289

ments on the said Bridge, or on or by the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Bridge, or the Avenues immediately leading thereto, by any Erection whatsoever, within Fifty Feet of the said Bridge, or by Timber,

Stone, or Carriages, or by any Water Troughs, Tubs, or other Things for watering Horses or Cattle, or for any other Purpose, or by Sawpits,

Hovels, Ashes, Rubbish, Lime, Sand, or otherwise, or by laying or placing Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or other Matters or Things in or upon the said Bridge, or in front of any House within Fifty Feet of the said Bridge, or by any other Ways or Means whatsoever, and to open, scour, cleanse, wi4en, or make deeper any Watercourses adjoining or near thereto, and make the same as deep and large as they shall think necessary.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, penalty on from and after the said Bridge shall be erected, throw, cast, or lay any throwing Dust, Dirt, Ashes, Rubbish, Dung, or other Filth or Annoyance in or Rubbish on upon the said Bridge, every such Person and Persons, being convicted 116 n ge* thereof, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before

whom he, she, or they shall be convicted, over and above the Charges of removing such Filth or Annoyance, which the said Steward, Surveyor, or Agent is hereby authorized to remove; and all the said Forfeitures, as well as the Charges of removing such Annoyances (which Charges any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon is or are hereby authorized to settle and ascertain), shall be levied and raised in the same Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are directed to be levied by virtue of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on draw or cause to be drawn upon the said Bridge any Tree or Piece of drawing Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall 1,mber* suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, which shall be conveyed

upon any Wheel Carriage, to trail upon any Part of the said Bridge to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall ride upon any Riding or Footpath or Causeway on the said Bridge, made or set apart for the Use driving on or Accommodation of Foot Passengers, or shall lead or drive any Horse, FoorPath-Ass, Mule, Swine, or Cattle or Carriage of any Description, or any Wheelbarrow, Truck, or Sledge, or any single Wheel of any Waggon,

Cart, or Carriage, apart therefrom, upon any such Footpath or Causeway, or shall cause any Injury or Damage to be done to the same, or the Posts,

Rails, or Fences thereof j or if any Person driving any Horse or other Obstructing Beast on the said Bridge carrying any Iron Bar or Rod, Basket, Pack, or Travellers. Pannier, or any other Matter or Thing, shall place such Bar or Rod,

Basket, Pack, or Pannier, Matter or Thing, so that the same or any of them shall project more than Thirty Inches from the Side of such Horse or other Beast, or so as in any Manner to obstruct or impede the Passage of any Person; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire Making any or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to or wantonly let Bonfires, &c. off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or other Firework upon the said Bridge, or play at Football or any other Game or Games thereon, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person shall Leaving leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatever upon the Waggons, said Bridge, or on the Side or Sides thereof, without any proper Person [Local.] 4 D in

290

For preventing wilful Damage to the Bridge.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

in the sole Custody or Care thereof, longer than may be necessary, except in Cases of Accident, and in Cases of Accident for a longer Time than may be necessary to remove the same; or if any Person shall, after having blocked or stopped any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in troing up the said Bridge, cause or suffer to be or remain on such Bridge the Stone or other Thing with which such Cart or Carriage shall have been blocked or stopped; or if any Person or Persons shall pull down, damage, injure, or destroy any Lamp or Lamp Post put up, erected, or placed on the said Bridge, or upon, against, or near to any Toll House erected on or near the same, or shall extinguish the Light of any such Lamp, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, over and above the Damages occasioned thereby, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom he or she shall be convicted.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously damage the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or any Gate, Turnpike, or Toll House belonging thereunto, or shall wilfully or maliciously, and without Authority from the said John Earl of Morley, or the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Bridge, remove or take away any Works thereunto belonging, or in any way direct or procure the same to be done, or shall be aiding or assisting therein, whereby the said Bridge or the Works thereof may be damaged; any Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom he or she shall be convicted.

Masters of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Damage or Mis-Vessels liable chief shall be done to the Bridge, or any of the Works which shall be for Damage, constructed in pursuance of this Act, by any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, through the Mismanagement or Negligence of any Person having the Command of any such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, or any of the Mariners or Persons employed therein, then and in every such Case every Master, Owner, or other Person having the Command of such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, shall be and is hereby made answerable and accountable to the said John Earl of Morley, or the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Bridge, for the Amount or Value of any such Damage or Mischief; and the same, provided it shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, if not forthwith paid and satisfied, shall and may be recovered in such Manner as die Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed are in and by this Act directed to be recovered.

Masters to recover from their Servants any Sums paid for their Defaults.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master or Owner or Owners of any such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damages by reason of any Neglect or Default done or committed by his, her, or their Servants or Mariners, or any of them, such Servants or Mariners, and each and every of them, shall be liable to repay such Penalty or Damages (with the Costs thereof) to such Owner or Owners; and in case of Nonpayment upon Demand thereof, and Oath made by such Owner or Owners of the Payment made by him, her, or them of such Penalty, Satisfaction, or Damages, and that the same, and the •* • 6 Costs

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. x. 291

Costs thereof, have not been repaid to him, her, or them by such Servants or Mariners, or any of them, although demanded (such Oath to be made before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Penalty or Satisfaction shall have been recovered), the Amount thereof, provided the same shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered in the manner as any Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Penalty on shall resist or make forcible Opposition against any Person or Persons employed in the due Execution of this Act, or shall assault any Surveyor, *

Engineer, Steward, or Agent, or any Renter or Renters, or Collector or Collectors of Tolls or Pontage, in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices, or shall make any Rescue of Cattle or other Goods distrained by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom he or she shall be convicted.

Collectors not incompetent to give Evidence.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Col- Power to lector, Agent, or any other Person or Persons, with such Assistance as Collectors to he or they shall think necessary, to seize and detain any Person or Per- p"^ sons to him or them unknown, who shall refuse to pay the Toll or Pontage sons guilty of payable by him, her, or them, or who shall be seen by such Collector, Offences. Agent, or other Person or Persons, to commit any other Offences against this Act, and forthwith to convey him, her, them, or any of them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Refusal or Offence shall take place, or be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

LI TvJRj O Si Ir\ • v t. - r >i t c, • i *01 i') c.'DIJ&Ul O IliwB

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Information,

Complaint, Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls or Pontage, or any Offence committed against this Act, the Person or Persons appointed to collect such Tolls or Pontage, or other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said John Earl of Morley, or the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Bridge, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence therein.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be Witnesses to summoned as a Witness to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of be compelled the Peace, respecting any Matter of Fact relating to any Information or to atten Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on the Part of the Pro*

secutor, or the Person or Persons accused, shall, after a reasonable Sum for his or her Costs and Charges shall have been tendered or paid to him or her, refuse or neglect to appear at the Place and Time by such Summons appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such Neglect or Refusal, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, on Proof of such Summons having been served, to issue his or their Warrant under his of their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to bring such Person before him or them; and if on Appearance, or on being brought before any Justice or Justices, such Person or Persons shall Tefuse to be examined on Oath, or being a professed Quaker, on solemn Affirmation, concerning the Premises, without having some just Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, such Person or Persons shall forfeit for every such Neglect or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

292

Recovery and .Application of Penalties.

Distress.

Penalties not paid.

Imprison-

ment.

Commit-

ment.

Conviction of Offenders.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed, shall, upon Proof and Conviction of the Offences respectively, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the same Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines may be so inflicted or imposed, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are in every such Case hereby fully authorized to administer,) be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus (if any) after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his, her, or their Appearance before such Justice or Justices on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if, upon the Return of such Warrant, it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, or Place where the Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall from Time to Time be paid to the said John Earl of Morley, or the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Bridge, for his and their own Benefit.

XXIX. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words, to the same Effect j (that is to say),

£^!yhOTf V TlE remembered. That on the Day of

° in the Year of our Lord A.B. is

* convicted before me C.D. [or before us C.D. and E. i7.] One [or 4 Two, as the Case may be] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County or Borough, for [here specify the Offence, and when

* ? 4 and

4° GEORGII IV. x. 293

* and where committed] contrary to an Act passed in the Fourth Year

« of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the ‘ Title of this Act]; for which Offence I [or we] adjudge the said ‘ A.B. to have forfeited the Sum of [or shall be committed to for the Space of .]

‘ Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals]], the Day ‘ and Year first above written.*

XXX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distress not made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, unlawful for the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or of Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or any Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done in making the Distress.

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall Informers be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, from Time to Time, if he or mayliave they shall see Cause, to adjudge that Part of any Fines, Penalties, or For- p^naltica feitures, shall be paid to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers,

or any Person or Persons (not being a Witness or Witnesses) taking or seizing the Person or Persons convicted or assisting therein, or any of them.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Power to or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any appeal. Matter or Thing done by any Justice or Justices in pursuance of this Act,

such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the first or next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Twenty-one Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against, and within Five Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with sufficient Sureties, to bring such Appeal, and abide the Award or Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, and also to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture in case the Conviction shall be affirmed; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they the said Justices shall judge proper; and the said Justices may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and all such Orders and Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive on all Parties, t<p gll Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and no Certiorari, or other Writ or Process, for Proceedings the Removal of any such Conviction, or any Proceedings /thereon, into not to be any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall be allowed or ^"'eHor granted : Provided always, that in case there shall not be Time to give Courts^ > Notice and enter into Recognizances as aforesaid, before the next Session i [Local.'] 4 E; . to

294

No Plaintiff to recover in any Action without Notice, or after Tender of Amends.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Bridge when to be built.

Saving Rights of the Embankment Company.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

to be holden after the Conviction of any Person or Persons appealing, then and in every such Case such Appeal may be made to the next following Session, and shall be there heard and determined.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing signed by his, her, or their Attorney (specifying the Cause of Action), shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants at least Twenty-one Days before the same shall have been brought; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; but in case no Tender of Amends shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants (by Leave of the Court), at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments shall be made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in such Case such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and such Action or Actions shall be laid or brought in the County where the Cause of Action shall have arisen and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in all Actions or Suits so brought shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit was brought after the Time so limited, or should be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for the Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Bridge shall not, within Five Years from and after the passing of this Act, be completed so as to make the same passable for Horses and Carriages, that then and from thenceforth all and singular the Powers and Authorities hereby given shall cease and determine to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interests of the Company of Proprietors for embanking Part of the Lary near Plymouth, acting under Two several Acts of Parliament, one passed

295

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Parcels of 42G. 3. C. 32. Land, situate between Great Prince Rock and the Village of Crabtree, called Tothill Bay and Lipson Bay, near to the Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and preserving the same from the Sea; and the other passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of the same King, intituled An Act to 43G. 3.C. 15. enable the Company of Proprietors for embanking Part of the Lary near Plymouth, to make and maintain a Road from a certain Place called EfFord Quay, in the Parish of Eggbuckland in the County of Devon, to the Borough of Plymouth; and that the said Company shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all Lands, Tolls, Profits, and Privileges, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they have held and enjoyed the same before the passing of this Act.

[Public Act.]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, or others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

JC

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV- REGIS.

Cap. xi.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a new Court Room, Record Rooms, and other Offices, for the County of Forfar.

[2d May 1823.]

WHEREAS the Court Room, in the Royal Burgh of Forfar, in the County of Forfary which is commonly used by the Sheriff Depute of the County and his Substitutes for the Purpose of administering Justice and discharging the other Duties of their Offices, is neither sufficiently large nor in other Respects well adapted for the various public Purposes to which such a public Building must necessarily be applied; and in other Respects there is not suitable Accommodation for carrying on the judicial Business of the County; and a new Court Room, Offices, and other Buildings, have become necessary: And whereas the Room in which the Public Records of the County are kept is not only too small but damp and ill aired, and it is important to the Rights and Interests of all the Proprietors of Land in the said County, and other Persons connected therewith, that Offices or Places for the Deposit and safe Custody of the said Records should be provided : And whereas no Provisions are contained in any existing Law or Act of Parliament for determining by what Persons, or out of what Description of Property or Funds, or in what Manner, the Expence of building, providing, and maintaining such Court Room, Sheriff Clerk’s Office, Sheriff’s Room, Sheriff Clerk’s Room, Record Rooms, and other Offices is or ought to be paid; all which Buildings will be of great Benefit to the County of Forfar: may it therefore please Your Majesty [Local.~\ 4 F that

298

Commissioners.

Meetings.

Quorum.

Penalty on acting if not qualified.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Justices of the Peace and Commissioners of Supply of the County of Forfar, being in the actual Possession of the Property, or Dominium utile, of Lands valued in the Cess Books of the said County at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, the Sheriff Depute and the Sheriff Substitutes of the County of Forfar for the Time being, and the Provost and first or eldest Baillie of the Burgh of Forfar for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby nominated and appointed Commissioners for building, furnishing, repairing, and keeping in Repair the Court Room, Record Rooms, and other Offices, for making Avenues to the same, and for executing all the other Powers by this Act committed to the said Commissioners.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall hold their first stated Meeting at Forfar on the Fifth Tuesday after the passing of this Act, or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be; of which first Meeting the Clerk to the Commissioners of Supply of the said County is hereby directed and required to give Notice by Advertisement in any One Newspaper usually circulated through the said County at least Ten Days before the Day of such Meeting, and their next stated Meeting at Forfar, on the Day of the Michaelmas Meeting of Freeholders of the said County, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three; and that the said Commissioners shall thereafter hold Two stated Meetings at Forfar in every Year, One on the Day on which the Commissioners of Supply of the said County of Forfar shall meet for the Purpose of assessing the Land Tax in the said County, and the other on the Day of the Michael-mas Meeting of Freeholders of the said County; and the Clerk to the Commissioners of Supply shall have Power, and he is hereby ordered and required, when directed, (by Writing under the Hands of any Three or more Commissioners,) to call at any Time an extraordinary Meeting of Commissioners to be held at Forfar, giving the like previous Notice of the Time, as herein-before directed, with regard to the first stated Meeting, and also Notice of the Purpose of the Meeting; and at such Meeting no Business shall be entered into or decided upon, other than what shall be specified in the Notice given as aforesaid; and it shall not be in the Power of any Ordinary or Extraordinary Meeting to rescind, alter, or vary the Determination of any former Ordinary or Extraordinary Meeting, unless previous Notice of the Intention of so doing, and the Time of the Meeting, be given by Advertisement in the Newspaper as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That at all Ordinary and Extraordinary Meetings of the said Commissioners, any Five of them shall be a Quorum, and at such Meetings the Commissioners shall have Power to adjourn to any future Day; and if a Quorum of Commissioners shall not be present, any One or more of the Commissioners present shall have Power to adjourn, but not to do any other Business.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any Person (other than those hereinbefore named Commissioners by virtue of their Offices) not qualified as aforesaid shall notwithstanding presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall,* for every such Offence,

forfeit

4° GEORGII 1IV. Cap. id. 299

forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of Prosecution, to be levied by summary Complaint of any One of the said Commissioners hereby appointed before the Justices of the Peace for the County of Forfar, at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff Depute of the said County, or his Substitutes, to be paid to the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer, and applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Person complained of.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners at their first or any May elect a subsequent Meeting shall by a Plurality of Voices elect a Preses, and Qg^S,antj appoint a Clerk and Treasurer, to hold and exercise their Offices at the Treasurer. Will and Pleasure of the said Commissioners, either separately or jointly,

with reasonable Salaries or other Allowances for their Trouble; and such Clerk and Treasurer shall find Security for the due Execution of their Offices, and shall at all Times obey the lawful Commands and Instructions of the said Commissioners.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Offices of lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint the Person or Persons who ani| may be appointed to act as their Clerk or Clerks, or the Partner of any npt

such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of held by one this Act, or to appoint the Person or Persons who may be appointed Person. Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks of the said Commissioners; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Scotland, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill,

Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners may, if they shall Power to ap-think fit, appoint a Committee or Committees of their Number to super- point a Com-intend the Progress of the Buildings to be erected, or to carry into Effect mlttee* any of the Purposes of this Act, to which Committee or Committees the Commissioners may delegate such of the Powers hereby granted to them

as they shall think proper.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners may sue and be Commission-sued for any Matter or Thing to be done in the Execution of this Act er8 may *ue in the Name of One of the said Commissioners, or of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and no Action or Suit, wherein the e;r

said Commissioners shall be concerned as Pursuers or Defenders in the or Treasurer. Name of One of them, or of their Clerk or Treasurer, by virtue of this Act, shall abate by the Death or Removal of any such Commissioner, Clerk, or Treasurer, but that one of the said Commissioners, or the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being, shall be deemed to be the Pursuer or Defender (as the Case may be) in

every

300

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

every such Action or Suit; and the said Commissioners shall be entitled to acquire all Rights of Property and Servitude connected with the said Court Room, Sheriff Clerk’s Office, Sheriff’s Room, Sheriff Clerk’s Room, Record Rooms, and other Offices, and the Scite or Area Conveyances thereof, and Avenues leading to the same; and the Rights and to the Com- Conveyances thereof to the said Commissioners shall be taken in favour be^aken^n ° t^ie‘1 Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, and his Successors in Name of Office j which Rights and Conveyances so taken shall be sufficient for their Trea- vesting the Subjects thereby conveyed in the said Commissioners, surer.

Assessment

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the said the Purposes Commissioners, at their first or any subsequent Meeting, to assess or of this Act. cause to be assessed upon all Lands, Teinds, Fishings, and other Property valued in the Cess Books of the said County, any Sum not exceeding Three thousand five hundred and ninety-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven-pence Sterling, to be payable by Two Rates or Assessments; the One thereof to be raised and paid upon the First Monday of June immediately after the passing of this Act, and the other upon the First Monday of April in the next or following Year; which Assessment shall be collected by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, who shall have a reasonable Allowance for his Trouble; and in case of Non-Payment thereof within Fourteen Days after the same shall be due and demanded, then it shall be lawful for the said Collector to apply to any of the Justices of the Peace of the said County for a Warrant to enter his, her, or their House or Houses, and seize and take Possession of his, her, or their Goods and Effects; and which Warrant the said Magistrate is hereby authorized to grant, upon Proof made on Oath before him of such Demand having been made, and of such Person or Persons being in arrear; and if such Assessment shall not be paid within Three Days after such Seizure shall be made, together with the Costs and Charges thereby incurred, then such Collector is hereby authorized to sell by public Roup such Part of the said Goods and Effects as shall be sufficient to pay the said Assessment, with the Costs and Charges attending such Seizure and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the said Owner or Owners, such Costs and Charges to be ascertained by the Justice of the Peace who shall have issued the said Warrant; and the Assessment so to be levied, recovered, and collected as aforesaid, shall be applied by the said Commissioners in defraying the Expence of procuring Plans and Estimates, purchasing Ground, and erecting the said Court Room, Sheriff Clerk’s Office, Sheriff’s Room, Sheriff Clerk’s Room, Record Rooms, and Offices, and for completing the same with all necessary Furniture, together with every other Expence attending the applying for and passing of this Act, and carrying the same into Execution, in all the Purposes therewith connected : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to relieve the Royal Burgh of Forfar, or Inhabitants thereof, or any other Person or Persons, of any Obligations they may be under, either by Law or otherwise, to build and maintain a Gaol or Prison for the said County of Forfar, or Royal Burgh of Forfar, or to provide Parts or Portions of the Furniture, Benches, or other Accommodations necessary for or belonging to such Gaol or Prison.

4" GEORGII IV. 301

X. And be it further enacted, That the whole Proprietors of Land, Interest to and others, within the said County of Forfar, liable in the aforesaid f0er^raeares Assessment, shall also be liable and chargeable with the legal Interest of of Assess-all Arrears of the Assessments hereby imposed from and after Twenty ment.

Days from the Period at which the same are payable; and the said Collectors shall, in like Manner, be liable in and chargeable with the legal

Interest of all Monies above Forty Pounds which may come into their Hands under Authority of this Act, while the same continues in their Hands.

XI. And be it enacted, That every Landholder in the said County, pos- Power to sessing or holding Estates under Settlements of strict Entail, who shall Called have made Payment of the foresaid Rates or Assessments, of which Pay- Estates, ment or Payments, a Receipt, one or more, under the Hands of the Collector, shall be sufficient Evidence, shall be a Creditor to the succeeding

Heirs of F.ntail, for Three-fourths of the Sum or Sums so paid by him; and his Executors or Assignees shall be entitled, and are hereby authorised to recover the same with the Interest thereon, against the succeeding Heir of Entail, in the same Manner competent to Proprietors of Entailed Estates, who have laid out Money in Improvements under Authority of an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late 10G S. c. 51. Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements of strict Entail.

XII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Commission-Power and Authority to purchase and acquire suitable Ground for the rs mj^rcon" Scite of the said Buildings, and to contract with and employ Artists, Bunding9> Tradesmen, and other Persons, for erecting the said Court Room, Sheriff &c.

Clerk’s Office, Sheriff’s Room, Sheriff Clerk’s Room, Record Rooms,

and other Offices, whether such Artists, Tradesmen, and other Persons, be Burgesses, Freemen, or Members of the incorporated Trades of the said Royal Burgh of Forfar or not, and to direct Improvements on the said Court Room, Record Rooms, and other Offices, at all Times during the Execution of the Work, and to do whatever may be necessary, proper, and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act completely into Effect; and to fit up and complete in a suitable Manner the said Court Room, Record Rooms, and other Offices.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said Court Room, Sheriff Clerk’s Buildings to

Office, Sheriff’s Room, Sheriff Clerk’s Room, Record Rooms, and other tested i n

Offices, when finished, and Avenues leading to the same, together with the Commis-all Materials for the Purpose of being made use of for the same, shall sioners.

be vested in the said Commissioners; and they, or any One, or their Clerk or Treasurer, are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Suit before any Court competent, as accords, against any Person or Persons who shall steal or take away, or receive, if stolen, any such Materials, or disturb the said Commissioners in the Use thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Bodies Corporate or Colie- Inc°rP°* . giate. Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirsof Entail, Husbands, Trustees, and others Tutors, and Curators, and all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, empowered

\_Local.~\ 4 G though to sell.

302 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and required to sell and convey all such Lands and Premises as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, upon such Satisfaction being made to the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers, as can be agreed upon by and between the said Commissioners, and such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers; and in the Event that they cannot agree then upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be awarded by a Jury in the Manner hereinafter directed.

Commissioners to take Ground, and give Compensation to Owners and Occupiers.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to take and acquire for the Purpose of erecting thereon the aforesaid Buildings, and for providing a suitable Access or Accesses thereto, the following Pieces of Ground, all situated within the Royalty of the Burgh of Forfar, videlicet, that Piece of Ground situated behind the present Jail and on the North Side thereof, belonging to the Magistrates and Town Council of Forfar, presently occupied as a Flesh Market, with the Houses thereupon built, together with the small House occupied by Frederick Gall Cooper; as also that Piece of Ground and House built thereon belonging in Property to Bailie James Murray, and presently occupied by William Proctor, Peter Ranken, and David Milne, and others, likewise situated behind and on the North of the present Jail, and contiguous and adjacent to the Ground above mentioned; as also that Piece of Ground and House built thereon, belonging in Property to the Heirs of David Siettie, and presently occupied by Mrs. Charles Wood, and adjacent to the Properties above described; and also the vacant Ground, Streets, Lanes, or Passages around the said Buildings, or as much thereof as shall be requisite for erecting and completing the said Court Room, Record Rooms, and other Offices, upon Payment of the Value thereof and of the Houses and Buildings erected thereon, to the Owners and Occupiers; and if such Owners or Occupiers shall not be satisfied with the Offer that may be made to them by the said Commissioners, or shall refuse to treat with them, or be absent, the said Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to apply to the Sheriff Depute of Forfarshire, or his Substitute, to summon and empannel a Jury to determine the Price to be paid by the said Commissioners, and the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute upon such Application being made, is hereby authorised and required to summon and impannel a Jury of Fifteen discreet, substantial, and disinterested Persons, being either Owners or Occupiers of Lands or Burgage Property within the County, to come and appear before him at such Time and Place as by his Warrant and Precept shall be directed, Intimation of Fourteen Free Days being given by the Commissioners of such Appointment to the Parties or their known Agents; and on the appointed Day, the Jury being duly sworn, the said Sheriff shall proceed to examine upon Oath in their Presence such Witnesses as shall be summoned by either Party; and upon their Depositions and other competent Evidence such Jury shall determine the Price to be paid by the said Commissioners, and their Verdict shall be final and conclusive on all Parties, without being subject to review or stay by Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction, or in any other Manner whatsoever *, and the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute shall thereupon order Payment of the Sums awarded by the Jury, and shall ordain the Owners and Occupiers of the Premises, or their Trustees, Tutors, or Curators, upon Payment or lawful Tender thereof, quietly to permit and suffer the *'J ‘ • said

303

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

said Commissioners to take Possession of the said Grounds as their Property.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such Jury Expences shall by their Verdict adjudge the said Premises to be of greater Value than

the said Commissioners shall have offered for the same, but less than the 0 ’ *JRK Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers shall have required,the Expence of such Jury shall be borne and discharged by such Commissioners, and such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but incase the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers the Sum required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Commissioners; and in case the said Jury shall award the Sum so offered by the said Commissioners, or any less Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners,

Occupier or Occupiers: Provided also, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating, such Expences shall be borne by the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Lands and Premises which may be acquired by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act shall be vested in the said Commissioners, by the simple Discharge for the agreed on Price, or appraised Value thereof, or by Consignation of the said Price or Value in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of the British Linen Company, as the Case may be; and it shall be sufficient to record the Discharge or the Voucher of Consignation in the Sheriff Court Books of the said County of Forfar; whereupon the said Commissioners shall be entitled to take and use the said Land and Premises, and shall hold the same as validly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the respective Owners thereof had executed in their favour regular Dispositions of the same, and Infeftments had followed thereupon.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to the Provost, Magistrates Magistrates and Council of the Burgh of Forfar, notwithstanding the Pro* of Forfar . visions in the Act passed in the Third Year of the Reignof His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Mode of accounting for the Common Good not^ and Revenues of the Royal Burghs of Scotland, to sell and alienate to the said withstanding Commissioners by private Bargain and without the Necessity of Public Roup SG.4. c. 9l. or Auction the Piece of Ground belonging to them before-mentioned, with the Buildings thereon; and that either for a Sum of Money or for such other equivalent as the said Magistrates and Council shall consider to be just and equitable; and which Sale by private Bargain, with the Deeds of Conveyance and Alienation following thereon, shall be equally valid and effectual to the said Commissioners, as if the said Ground and Buildings thereon had been acquired by them from the said Magistrates and Council, at a Public Roup or Auction, in Terms of the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

How Ground is to be vested in Commissioners.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages purchased, of Comp_en-taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life Rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, married

nation when amounting to 2001.

304 4" GEORGII IV. i.

ried Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction, and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of the British Linen Company, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Heritages, in the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages standing settled therewith, to the same or the like Intents, Uses, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application where the Compensation is less than 2001. and not less than 201.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Incorporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, and not less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such principal Money, and the Interest arising therefrom, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable.

4° GEORGII IV. i. 305

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as last before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such Cases the same shall ie8s than 201. be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Heritages so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of the British Linen Company, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (describing them,) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby impowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Treasurer or Treasurers, Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of the British Linen Company, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Banks as aforesaid.

In case of not making out Title, Purchase Money to be paid into the Banks, subject to the Order of the Court of Session.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise Where touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Question Banks in pursuance of this Act for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene- J0UChtniTtIie ments, or Heritages, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Right to Tenements or Heritages, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Per- such Money, son or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, according to such Pos-[.Local,'] 4? H session.

306 4° GEORGII IV. i.

session, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money, and the Interest thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Buildings hereby authorized to be erected, and the Furniture for the same, shall be kept in Repair and insured against Fire in all Time coming by the said Commissioners, out of the County Fund called the Bridge and Rogue Money of the said County, which Fund is hereby charged and chargeable with the Expence of such Repairs, Insurance, and incidental Expences, including a reasonable Allowance to a Person to be appointed by the said Commissioners to take the Charge of the Buildings.

Expences of

XXV. And be it enacted, That the whole Expence of preparing, pro-the Act how curing, and passing this Act, and all other Expences attending the same, to e pai . sha.ll be paid and defrayed out of the first and readiest of the Monies to be collected by virtue of this Act.

Account of

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That when the whole of the said Expences of Works authorized and directed by this Act shall be finished, an accurate Works to be Account of the total Expence laid out shall be made up and certified by with°Sheriff any Three or more of the Commissioners or of their Committee, which Clerk. Account, with the Books, Papers, Receipts, and other Writings and Vouchers, Plans, Drawings, and Designs, relative to the Execution of the Works, shall be deposited with the Sheriff" Clerk of the said County, on his Receipt, for the Information of all concerned; and if any free Balance shall remain in the Hands of the said Treasurer of the Monies raised by the aforesaid Assessments, the same shall be laid out and disposed of at the Sight of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, as a Fund for assisting to keep in Repair the said Court Room, Record Rooms, and other Offices, and the Furniture thereof, and the Avenues leading to the same, in all Time coming.

Interest in

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Right and Interest com-Sheriff’s petent to the Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, Commissioners of Sup-"ootn, plyy and Heritors of the said County, or any of them, in the present vested in the Sheriff’s Court Room, Sheriff Clerk’s Office, and Record Rooms, or Commis- any of them, or the Pertinents thereof, be hereby reserved entire, and gioners. that all such Right and Interest shall henceforth be vested in the Commissioners by this Act appointed; and it shall and may be lawful to the said Commissioners, or a Quorum of them, in consideration of such Equivalent as may be agreed upon between them and the Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the said Burgh of Forfar, to grant, dispone, assign, and convey to the said Magistrates and Council, the whole Right and Interest in the said Court Room, Clerk’s Office, and Record Rooms, and Pertinents, or any Part thereof, and to execute a Disposition, Assignation, or other Deed for that Purpose, which shall be good, valid, and effectual to the said Magistrates and Council: Provided nothing in this Act contained shall be held or construed to prejudge any Right or Claim

competent

Buildings to be kept in Repair.

307

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

competent to the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Burgh, to the Property and Possession of the said Sheriff Court Room, Sheriff Clerk’s Office and Record Rooms, and Pertinents thereof: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained, shall prejudge any Right of Property or Possession competent to the said Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, Commissioners of Supply, or any of them in the present Town and County Hall, or any Right competent to the said Magistrates and Council, to the exclusive Property and Possession thereof.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Appeal. Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Proceeding to be had in the Execution of this Act, for which no Relief is hereby provided, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons, within Six Calendar Months after the Matter complained of

shall be done, but not afterwards, to lodge an Appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions of the said County of Forfar, the Appellant giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal to the Defender or Defenders, and to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and to the Clerk of the Justices of the Peace, and lodging with such Appeal a Bond with sufficient Caution for implementing the Sentence to be finally pronounced by the said Justices; and such Justices shall have Authority to hear and determine the Matters in Dispute, and their Judgment therein shall be final and conclusive, and not subject to review by Advocation, Suspension, Reduction, or otherwise, any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be com- Limitation menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance Actions, or by virtue of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or cause of Action accrued, for which such Action or Suit

shall be so brought; and the Defender or Defenders in any such Action or Suit may deny the Libel, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence.

[Public Act.]

XXX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all

Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

4 Hk

An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving the Roads from Union Point near Uckfield to the Sea Houses in Eastbourne, and from Horsebridge to Cross in Hand, all in the

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Tear 17G. 3. C. 96.

of His late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of Westham in the said County, and for more effectually repairing the said Road, and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Side Gate on the Horsebridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross in Hand to Burwash in the said County: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Seventeenth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing an Act made in the

* Twenty-seventh Tear of His late Majesty King George the Second, for ‘ amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Union

* Point, near the Town of Uckfield in the County of Sussex, to Langney

LI

Cap. xii.

4 1

1 Bridge,

310

3 G.4.C. 126.

17G. 3. C. 96. 42 G. 3. c. 9. repealed.

4° GEORGII IV. xii.

* Bridge in the Parish of Westham in the said County and for more effec-‘ tually repairing the said Road, and also for amending, widening., and keeping ‘ Repair the Road from the Side Gate on the Horsebridge Turnpike Road

* /» Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross in 4 Hand to Burwash in the said County And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said recited Acts .\ftave repaired and improved the said respective Roads, and have for that Purpose, in pursuance of the Powers to them Thereby given, borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit-of the Tolls thereby granted, Part of which Sums of Money still remains undischarged and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and maintained in Repair unless further Provision be made by Parliament for the amending, improving, and maintaining the same in Repair, and for imposing Tolls or Duties for that Purpose, and for altering, increasing, and regulating the same : And whereas the Powers, Provisions, and Authorities given by the said before-mentioned Acts are, in many respects, insufficient and inconvenient, and it is expedient that the same be altered, amended, and regulated, and that the said Acts should be repealed: And whereas it will be attended with much Convenience to the Public if the said Turnpike Road from Union Point to Langney Bridge, now terminating at the said Bridge, were extended from the same Bridge through and along the present Parish Road, in the Parishes of Westham aforesaid, and Willingdon and Eastbourne, all in the said County of Sussex, unto and to terminate at a certain Place called Broadbourne, situate near the Sea Houses, in the Parish of Eastbourne aforesaid; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, the said recited Acts passed in the Seventeenth and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and instead thereof this Act shall from thenceforth Commence and take effect, and be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned^ for the Purpose of more effectually amending, widening, altering, straightening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Turnpike Road leading from Union Point aforesaid to Langney Bridge, with the Addition of the said Parish Road from Langney Bridge aforesaid to Broadbourne, and which said Turnpike Road, including the aforesaid Addition, extends through the several Parishes or Hamlets of Uckfield, Littlehorsted, Framfeld, East hot hly, Laughton, Chiddingly, Hellingly, Arlington, Hails ham, Westham, Willingdon, and Eastbourne, all in the said County of Sussexx and is herein-after called or distinguished by the Name of The Horse-bridge Turnpike Road, and comprises a Distance of Twenty Miles or thereabouts\ and also the said Turnpike Road leading from the Side Gate on the said Horsebridge Turnpike, Road in the said Parish of Hel-lingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross in Hand to Burwash; and which said last-mentioned Road extends through the several Parishes

of

. 4° GEORGII IV. > C*jo.xii. 311

of Hellingly and Waldron aforesaid, and Heathfield, all in the said County, and is herein-after called or .distinguished by the Name of The Horeham or Branch Turnpike Road, and comprises a Distance of Seven Miles or

thereabouts, v,. •.. - >«■> - \ f «>v

\. V>/V ini-3'i-' a ' .ay \.TVi i i\Wi

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, passed in the Extending

Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the the G°eneralof Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties) Forfeitures, Payments, Reme- Act, dies, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts 3G.4. c. 126. thereof as are expressly varied, altered, bt repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

) - jji >Ui

JII. And be it further enacted, That the whole of the Tolls and New Term Duties by this Act granted and imposed for the keeping and maintaining "jj JjjJ1jor the Roads hereby directed to be kept and maintained, shall, for and n,er Debts dining the Term of this Act, be charged with and, matje subject to the &c. Payment of all Monies heretofore bprrowed for the making,and maintaining any or either of the Roads directed by tfre said recited Acts of the Seventeenth and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or either of them, to be made and maintained, and now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts, or secured upon or made payable out of the Tolls', and Duties thereby granted, or any Part thereof, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, equally and without any specific Appropriation or Division of such Tolls, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, or of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected; and that all and every Person and Persons owing any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, which in anywise concern the said Roads, or either of them, shall be liable to the Payment thereof to the Trustees for executing this Act j and all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities duly entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for executing the said last-mentioned Acts, or either of them, for or concerning any Matters or Things rer specting the said Roads, or either of them, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity until the same are fully satisfied and performed on Account and for the Benefit of the said Roads j and all Contracts or Agreements duly made or entered into by the Trustees for executing the said last-mentioned Acts, or either of them, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees under this Act, according to the Terms qr Stipulations thereof respectively, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said last-mentioned Acts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees. Peace acting for the County of Sussex, together with Sir Henry Blackman Knight; the Reverend Alexander Brodie Doctor in Divinity; Sir Charles Blunt Baronet; the Right Honourable Lord George Henry Cavendish, the Honourable Charles Compton Cavendish, the Honourable Henry Frederick Compton Cavendish, George Court hope, George Courthope the younger, the Reverend James Capper Clerk, the Reverend Richard Constable Clerk,

Edward Jeremiah Cartels, Herbert Barrett Curteis, Thomas Calverley,

George

312

Power to appoint additional Trustees.

Trustees to be sworn.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap

George Carey, Sir Thomas Dyke Baronet; John Apsley Dalrymple, Alexander. Donovan, John Darby, Thomas Day, John Denman, William Elphick the elder, William Elphick the younger, John Fuller of Rose Hill, Henry Freeman, Joseph Fuller, Davies Gilbert, the Reverend Henry Grace Pennington Gorringe, Stephen Gower, Francis Gorringe, the Reverend Robert ■Hare Clerk, William Harison, Charles Harison, Richard Hart, the Honourable Charles Cecil Cope Jenkins on, Thomas Read Kemp, John King, William Kenward, the Reverend Edward Rudstone Langdale, Ewan Law, William Lashmar, William Long, William Courthope Mabbott, Eardley Wilmot Lade Michell, John Mynn, Thomas Moon, William Martin, Matthew Martin, William Mannington, Thomas Noakes, Thomas Partington, Caleb Pearce, John Putland, the Reverend Edward Rorbert Raynes Clerk, the Reverend Edward Raynes Clerk, the Reverend Thomas Raynes Clerk, Samuel Rickman, David Rickman, Nathaniel Rickman, Richard King Sampson, William Thomas Stone, David Stone, Robert Stone, Samuel Sinnock, Matthias Slye, John Stubbington, Inigo Thomas, George Thomas Thomas, the Reverend John Thompson Clerk, Philip Turner, Francis Wameford, the Reverend George Woodward Clerk, John Harry Willard, Thomas Woodward, John Woodward, John Whiteman, Henry Harcourt Waters, Nicholas Willard of Eastbourne, and their Successors, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, altering, straightening, improving, and keeping in repair the said Turnpike Roads by this Act intended to be amended, widened, altered, straightened, improved, and kept in repair, and for otherwise putting into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of ■His present Majesty, as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at their First Meeting herein-after directed, or at any subsequent Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which subsequent Meeting, and of the Purpose thereof, Twenty Days Notice shall be given, by Insertion in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the County of Sussex') to elect and appoint any Number of Persons not exceeding Five in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees so to be elected and appointed shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed by this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and prescribed, and unless, being so qualified, he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned) take and subscribe, before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same), the Oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, that I will truly and impartially, according to the best

* of my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee, by virtue of an Act passed

‘ in

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii. 313

* in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth,

* intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this ActJ, and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled ‘ fhere set forth the Title of the General Turnpike Act.]

'So help me GOD.*

Afld if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding, touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at FirstMeeting. the House of Armgill Terry, known by the Sign of the King’s Head at Horsebridge aforesaid, on the Second Thursday next after the passing of

this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall then proceed to carry the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act into Execution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they For appoint-are hereby required, at their first Meeting to be held under this Act, and j^rsg* afterwards as Occasion may require from Time to Time, by Writing under another8’ their respective Hands, to appoint a Clerk and a Treasurer, and such Sur- Officers, veyors, Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to remove such Clerks,

Treasurers, Surveyors, Collectors, and other Officers, or any of them, and on the Removal, Death, or Resignation of such Clerk, Treasurer, or any of such other Surveyors, Collectors, or other Officers, to appoint others in their Stead; and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any Monies arising by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act and this Act, to allow and pay to the Clerk, Treasurers, and Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting them or any of them in or about the Execution of this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances, for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Services, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time deem reasonable and direct.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Col- Old Officers lector of the Tolls, Surveyor, and other Officer and Officers (except the continue Treasurer) nominated and appointed under or by virtue of the said Acts pointed*" &P" hereby repealed, or either of them, shall hold and enjoy their several and P respective Offices and Employments until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees; and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers, shall have the like Powers

[Local.4 K and

314 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

and Authorities fof carrying this Act and the said last-mentioned Act into Execution, and Shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he or they had been nominated or appointed under and by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted That all Officers or other Persons who are or have been employed, or who have received or shall receive any Tolls or other Money by virtue or on account of the said Acts hereby repealed, or who have or shall have in their Custody or Possession any Money, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or any Things relating to the said Roads, by the before recited Acts directed to be improved and repaired, or either of them, shall account for and pay and deliver over the same, and every Part thereof, to the Trustees hereby appointed, in like Manner and under the like Pains and Penalties, and with the like Powers to the Trustees for enforcing the Recovery thereof, as the several Collectors and other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act and this Act are required to pay or account for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of collecting and continue and receiving the Tolls hereby granted, the Trustees appointed or to be ap-Gates Toll pointed in or by virtue of this Act shall and may and they are hereby Houses, &c. authorized and empowered to continue all or any of the Toll Gates and

Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, and shall and may erect, or cause to be erected, such and so many other Toll Gates and Weighing Engines, in, upon, or across such Parts of the said Turnpike Roads by this Act directed to be maintained and kept in Repair, and also such and so many Toll Gates on the Side of either of the said Turnpike Roads, and in, upon, or across any Lane or Highway that does or shall lead into or out of the same, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and expedient, subject nevertheless to such Regulations, Restrictions, and Directions as in this Act or the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty are laid down, mentioned, or contained, concerning the placing or erecting of such Toll Gates or Weighing Engines; and also shall and may erect and provide a Toll House, with suitable Buildings, a Garden, and other Conveniences, not exceeding Ten Perches of Land, at or near each of the said Toll Gates.

Books, &c. relative to former Acts to be delivered to Trustees.

Power to

Power to re-

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said move Toll Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered

Gates, &c. from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates erected by the Authority of the said several Acts hereby repealed, or either of them, or which shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, or across either of the said Turnpike Roads, or on the Side or Sides of any Part thereof respectively, to be removed to and erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of such other Part or Parts of the said Turnpike Roads hereby directed to be maintained and kept in Repair, or either of them, or otherwise to be wholly removed and taken away, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and direct, provided that none of the said Toll Gates shall be removed or taken away as aforesaid, unless Notice in Writing of the Intention to remove or take away the same shall have been affixed upon all the Toll Gates then standing upon

9 the

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii. 315

the said Turnpike Roads, nor unless such Notice shall have been advertised in some Newspaper published in the said County of Siusex, Twenty Days at least previous to such Order being made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to sell Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses, the Pre9ent or Building or Buildings, heretofore purchased, erected, or intended for ToU Housed the Purpose of a Toll House or Toll Houses, by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed^ or either of them, or hereafter to be purchased or erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, which shall be considered by the said Trustees as useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or by private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same, and to convey, assign, and surrender the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, according to the Nature and Tenure of the Estate by which the same may be holden $ and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, according to the Nature of Tenure thereof, discharged from all Trusts, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be answerable for the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money : Provided always, that such Preference of Purchase shall be given to the Person or Persons from whom any Land on which any Toll Houses may have been erected was purchased, leased, or taken in Exchange, or to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto, as is by the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road is or are authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by virtue of this Act take Tolla' Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required to demand and take (subject to the Restrictions and Exemptions herein-after mentioned), at each and every of the respective Toll Gates and Side Gates which shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, or across each of the said Turnpike Roads, or any Lane or Highway leading into the same, before any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, or any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same, the several Tolls and Duties following j (that is to say),

For the first or only Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Chaise Tolls.

Marine, Coach, Landau, Berlin, Barouche, Sociable, Chariot, Calash,

Hearse, Break, Chaise, Curricle, Gig, Chair or Taxed Cart, Market Cart, or other Cart for the Conveyance of Passengers or light Goods or Articles, the Sum of Sixpence: ' ‘ ,

For every other Horse or Beast of Draught drawing the same, the Sum of Three-pence:

For

316

4° GEORGII IV. xii.

For the first or only Horse or Beast of Draught (except Asses) drawing any Waggon, Cart, Caravan, used for the Conveyance of Goods, or other such like Four-wheel Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards at the Bottom or Soles thereof, in the Summer Part of the Year the Sum of Sixpence, and in the Winter Part of the Year the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every other Horse or Beast of Draught (except Asses) drawing any such last-mentioned Waggon, Cart, Caravan, or other such like Four-wheel Carriage, in the Summer Part of the Year the Sum of Two-pence, and in the Winter Part of the Year the Sum of Three-pence:

For the first or only Horse or Beast of Draught (except Asses) drawing any such Waggon, Cart, Caravan, or other such like Four-wheel Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half, and less than Six Inches at the Bottom or Soles thereof, in the Summer Part of the Year the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny, and in the Winter Part of the Year the Sum of One Shilling:

For every other Horse or Beast of Draught (except Asses) drawing any such Waggon, Cart, Caravan, or other such like Four-wheel Carriage as last-mentioned, in the Summer Part of the Year the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny, and in the Winter Part of the Year the Sum of Three-pence Halfpenny:

For the first or only Horse or Beast of Draught (except Asses) drawing any such Waggon, Cart, Caravan, or other such like Four-wheel Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Four Inches and a Half at the Bottom or Soles thereof, in the Summer Part of the Year the Sum of Nine-pence, and in the Winter Part of the Year the Sum of One Shilling and Two-pence:

For every other Horse or Beast of Draught (except Asses) drawing any such Waggon, Cart, Caravan, or other such like Four-wheel Carriage, in the Summer Part of the Year the Sum of Three-pence, and in the Winter Part of the Year the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For the first or only Horse or Beast of Draught (except Asses) drawing any Cart, or other such like Two-wheel or Three-wheel Carriage (other than and except any Chaise, Curricle, Gig, Chair, or Taxed Cart, Market Cart, or other Cart for the Conveyance of Passengers or light Goods or Articles) having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards at the Bottom or Soles thereof, in the Summer Part of the Year the Sum of Four-pence, and in the Winter Part of the Year the Sum of Sixpence:

For every other Horse or Beast of Draught (except Asses) drawing such Cart or other such Two-wheel or Three-wheel Carriage as last-mentioned, in the Summer Part of the Year the Sum of Two-pence, and in the Winter Part of the Year the Sum of Three-pence:

For the first Horse or Beast of Draught (except Asses) drawing any Cart or other such like Two-wheel or Three-wheel Carriage, (other than and except as aforesaid), having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half, and of less Breadth than Six Inches at the Bottom or Soles thereof, in the Summer Part of the Year the Sum of Five-pence, and in the Winter Part of the Year the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny:

For every other Horse or Beast of Draught (except Asses) drawing such last-mentioned Cart, or other such like Two-wheel or Three-wheel Carriage, (other than and except as aforesaid), in the Summer

Part

t *

317

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xii.

Part of the Year the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny, and in the Winter Part of the Year the Sum of Four-pence:

For the first Horse or Beast of Draught (except Asses') drawing any Cart or other such like Two-wheel or Three-wheel Carriage (other than and except as aforesaid) having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Four Inches and a Half at the Bottom or Soles thereof, in the Summer Part of the Year the Sum of Sixpence, and in the Winter Part of the Year the Sum of One Shilling:

For every other Horse or Beast of Draught (except Asses) drawing any such last-mentioned Cart or Carriage (other than except as aforesaid), in the Summer Part of the Year the Sum of Four-pence, and in the Winter Part of the Year the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Ass drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Caravan, or other such like Carriage, One Half the Toll hertin-before enacted in respect of every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing the same : •’

For every Horse or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence: .

For every Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Ox or other Neat Cattle, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Score of Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Two-pence, and so in proportion for any less Number, except the same shall be under Five, for which the Sum of One Halfpenny shall be paid:

For every Score of Calves or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence, and so in proportion for any less Number:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing, between the Tenth Day of October and the Tenth Day of April, any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, laden with any Kind of Timber, Plank, Boards, Wood, Bricks, or Tiles, Bolders, Flints, Iron, Gravel, Coals, Marie, Chalk, or Sand, One Half more than the Tolls herein-before enacted, in respect of such Horse or other Beast, provided that such additional Toll shall not be taken on account merely of any small Quantities, not exceeding Three Hundred Weight of any of the Articles aforesaid, in such Carriage:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing, between the Twenty-ninth Day of October and the Tenth Day of April, any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, laden with Lime, One Half more than the Tolls hereinbefore enacted in respect of such Horse or other Beast:

And for the Purposes of this Act, in all Carriages wherein Oxen or Neat Cattle shall be used, Two Oxen or Neat Cattle shall be considered as One Horse.

iwC’Tjv/vi. _... k§ STCfrri unit vmo .vi • l

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Tolls by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act authorized to be taken, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise and be produced therefrom, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and the same and every Part thereof shall be levied, collected, paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned, in manner directed by the said last-mentioned Act and this Act.

i I 4 .

CLocal.'] 4 L XVI. And

Tolls vested in Trustees.

318

Tolls to be paid but once in the same Day for Riding Horses, and in other Cases forpass-ing and returning.

Limiting the Number of Tolls.

Tolls not to be paid at Two Gates within One Mile of each other.

4° GEORGII IV. xii.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid Toll for passing through any Toll Gate upon either of the said Turnpike Roads, with any Horse or other Beast or Beasts, or Cattle laden or unladen, and not drawing, shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Toll for passing and repassing through the same Toll Gate on the same Day, before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the same Horse, Beast or Beasts, or Cattle, not drawing, but shall pass and repass Toll-free; and no Person who shall have paid Toll for passing through any such Toll Gate, with any Horse or Horses or other Beast or Beasts drawing any Carriage or Carriages whatever, shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Toll for returning through such Toll Gate or Toll Gates on the same Day, before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the same Horse or Horses or other Beast or Beasts drawing the same Carriage, or not drawing any Carriage, but shall return Toll-free with the same; but no Person shall be permitted to pass a Third Time in any one Day, to be computed as aforesaid, with any Horse or Horses or other Beast or Beasts drawing any Carriage whatever through any Toll Gate, until he shall pay such and the same Toll as may be demanded and taken from him under and by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act and this Act, for the same respectively, upon his first passing, and so toties quoties, for every Third Time that any Person shall so pass in one and the same Day with the same Horse or Horses or other Beast or Beasts drawing the same Carriage, the said Tolls shall be demanded of and paid by such Person for such Horse or Horses or other Beast or Beasts so drawing respectively, in such and the like Manner as if it had been the first Time that he had passed with such Horses or other Beasts so drawing such Carriage respectively through such Toll Gate; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away or reduce the Exemption given by the said last-mentioned Act, in respect to Horses travelling for Hire under the Post Horse Duties Act, and returning within certain Hours with the same Carriage empty, or without a Carriage.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, nor any other Horse or Beast passing on the same Day through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with or liable to pay the Tolls hereby granted at any greater Number of Gates upon any one Road than are herein-after mentioned, (that is to say), upon the whole Length of the said Horsebridge Turnpike Road, from the said Union Point to Broadbourne aforesaid, at Five Gates only and no more; and upon the whole Length of the said Horeham or Branch Road, from the said Side Gate at Horse-bridge to the Junction with and Termination of the said Road in the said Turnpike Road from Cross in Hand no Burwas/j, at Three Gates only (including the said Side Gate at Horsebridge) and no more : Provided also, that no Person having paid Toll at any Gate erected or to be erected on either of the said Roads, shall be liable to the Payment of any Toll on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid) for the same Horse or other Beast, Cattle or Carriage, at any other Gate erected on either of the said Roads, situate within One Mile of the Gate at which such Toll shall have been

319

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

been paid : Provided also, that no more than Three Gates shall be erected within the Space of Six Miles on the said Roads.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Horses or Stage other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach or any Stage Waggon, Van, Cara- Coaches, &c. van, or other Stage Carriage, for which Toll shall have been paid, and xirJ^y0fach which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll passing> Gate, shall be again chargeable with Toll for repassing through such Toll

Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat; and that the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Roads on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall Exemptions be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act for any Horse, Beast, or from To11* other Cattle drawing any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Grass, Clover, and Saintfoin, which has grown or arisen on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such Grass, Clover, and Saintfoin; or for any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle drawing any Waggon or Cart belonging to the Inhabitant or Inhabitants of any Parish through which either of the said Turnpike Roads shall run, on passing through any Gate or Turnpike continued or to be erected by virtue of this Act, solely for the Purpose of being repaired, or solely for the Purpose of carrying any Corn or Grain threshed from the Barn or Barns of such Inhabitant or Inhabitants, to his or their own Granary or Granaries, such Horse, Beast, or other Cattle not going or returning on those Occasions out of the Parish in which such Inhabitant or Inhabitants shall reside, or not more than Two Miles on the said Turnpike Roads, or either of them.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Sinking Act, the Sum of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum on the aggregate 10und* Amount of all the Principal Monies now due and secured on the Tolls of the said Roads, or either of them, and on the Amount of every further Sum of Money which shall be afterwards borrowed or taken up at Interest on the Credit or Security of the Tolls hereby granted and imposed, shall be charged on and during the Continuance of this Act be appropriated and paid out of the Tolls hereby granted and imposed, in order to form a Sinking Fund, for the gradual Payment of all and every the said Monies, in manner herein-after directed; and that after the Payment of any such Principal Monies, the full Interest which would have been otherwise payable for or in respect of the same to the Creditor or respective Creditors, shall from thenceforth, and during the Continuance of this Act, be charged on and appropriated and paid out of the said Tolls, in aid of the said Sinking Fund, and that as often as the said Sinking Fund shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, then and in such Case that Sum, or any further Part of the Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer, if the Trustees shall think proper, shall be applied in Payment of an equal Amount of the Principal Monies borrowed by the Trustees under the former Acts, and upon the Credit or Security of the Tolls arising from the said Roads, and then remaining due and owing to or amongst the said4Creditors, without Regard

to

320

Application of Monies.

Tolls to be paid to the Treasurer.

4d GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

to the specific Fund upon which their Securities were charged, and either rateably or by Lot, as the said Trustees shall think proper; and when and as soon as all the Principal Monies so borrowed under the Authority of the said former Acts shall have been paid and discharged, then in Payment of an equal Amount of the Principal Monies which shall, after the passing of this Act, be borrowed or taken up at Interest, on the Credit or Security of the Tolls hereby granted and imposed, rateably or by Lot, among tire said Creditors, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That as well all the Monies which before the Commencement of this Act shall have been raised or produced by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, and which shall remain undisposed of, as also all other Monies which shall arise or be produced by virtue of this Act, shall be united into and form one general Fund for the Maintenance of both the said Roads by this Act directed to be maintained and kept in Repair, without any specific or distinct Appropriation or Division thereof, for the Service of either of the said Roads in particular, and shall be applied to and for the several Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; (that is to sayj, in the First Place, in Payment of all the Expences which have been incurred in applying for and obtaining and passing this Act; and in the Second Place, in paying all Arrears of Interest on any Sums of Money which have been already borrowed and shall be due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts hereby repealed, on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three; and also the Interest which shall from Time to Time become due in respect of every Sum of Money so borrowed as aforesaid, or which shall hereafter be borrowed or taken up at Interest on Security of the Tolls by the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, granted and imposed, equally and without Preference, on account of the Priority of such Securities, in point of Time or otherwise, and which Interest shall be paid annually, either to the Creditor or Creditors, or in aid of the Sinking Fund herein-before mentioned, as the Case may happen; in the Third Place, in defraying the Expences of making, erecting, and keeping in Repair the Toll Gates, Toll Bars, Weighing Engines, Toll Houses, and other Buddings erected and built, or hereafter to be erected or built, under the Authority of the said Act, and of altering, widening, repairing, and preserving the said Roads by this Act directed to be made or kept in Repair as aforesaid, and of erecting and making necessary and convenient Bridges, Arches, and other Works upon and near the same; and in the Fourih Place, in pa\ing the said Amount of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum, for providing such Sinking Fund as is herein-before directed; and the Residue thereof to be employed in aid of the said Sinking Fund, for the more speedy and effectual Reduction and discharging of the several Principal Sums of Money now due and owing or hereafter to be advanced upon the Security of such Tolls and Duties, in the Course and Manner herein-before directed, of and concerning the same, or otherwise to be carried as a Balance to the Account of the succeeding Year, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct.

XXII. And in order to secure the due Application of the Tolls hereby granted to the several Purposes and in the Order and Manner aforesaid, be it further enacted, That all and every the said Tolls shall always be paid by the several Collectors or Lessees thereof into the Hands of the

Treasurer

321

4° GEORGII IV. Cop.xii.

Treasurer for the Time being, to be appointed by the said Trustees, who shall pay and apply the same to the several Purposes and in the Order and Manner aforesaid, and shall especially keep a separate Account of the said Sinking Fund, and of the Application thereof; nor shall such Treasurer pay, disburse, or expend any Sum or Sums of Money (other than in Payment of the Interest annually, as it shall become due), without an Order or Authority in Writing, under the Hands of Two or more Trustees, but that all and every Sum or Sums of Money so paid, disbursed, or expended, without such Order or Authority, shall be disallowed in his Account.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as in case of often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be Non-pay-paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions ment ofCom-of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any by Trustees, Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind what- &c. the same soever done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be levied acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money istre,s*

shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices from the Clerk to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid j and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act and this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are Statute or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable Work, towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and the Inhabitants of all such Parishes, Townships, or Places liable to do Statute Work upon or to contribute towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto, in like Manner as heretofore \ and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place d [Local.l 4 M which

322

S'

4° GEORGII IV. xli.

which such Roads shall be situate, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such -Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Piace, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrict tions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors* shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if.any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle Qfc negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject ana liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused ot neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been •v 8 .> .... sent

323

4° GEORGII IV. Cap

sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the Coupty, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall not be personally subject to or liable to be charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage or Assignment by way of Mortgage or other Security to be made by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act: Provided always, that in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be defrayed out of the Tolls arising on the Turnpike Roads hereby directed to be amended and repaired.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon and have Continuance from the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

Trustees not to be personally liable for Mortgages.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Duration of the Act.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Preston to Garstang in the County of Lan-

[2d May 1823.]

caster.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road from 24G.2.C. 20. Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland : And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to continue the Term of an Act aaG.3.0.88, made in the Twenty fourth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two 43G. 3. C. 54. Acts, made in the Twenty fourth Tear of His late Majesty, and the Twenty-second Tear of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Sykes, and for maintaining and keeping in repair the Road from the Guide Post in the Township <f Slyne with Hest, to a Place called Hest Bank in the said Township: And whereas the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Acts for [Local] 4 N the

326

4° GEORGII IV. xiii.

the District of Road leading from the Town of Preston to the Town of Garstang in the said County, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, and is now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said District of Road, which Money cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless some of the Powers of the said Acts, so far as relate to the said District of Road, be altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and it would be convenient if the Powers for managing the said Road were consolidated in one Act of Parliament: And whereas it will tend to the Accommodation of the Public, and the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Parts, if Power is given to alter and direct the Course of Part of the said District of Road in Manner following; videlicet, from the East End of a certain Street in Preston aforesaid called Canal Street, and ending near the South End of a certain Close of Land, the Property of Edward Pedder Esquire, and now or late in the Occupation of Ann Pritt Widow, which said Diversion is in the Township of Preston, in the Parish of Preston, and County of Lancaster; another Diversion commencing near to and on the West Side of a certain Building situate on Preston Moor called The Old Race Stand, and ending at or near the Third Mile Stone on the Side of the said District of Road from Preston to Garstang, which said last-mentioned Diversion is in the Townships of Preston, Fulwood, and Broughton, and ift the Parishes of Preston and Lancaster in the said County of Lancaster; another Diversion commencing opposite the Gate leading to the Mansion House called Barton Lodge, and ending near the Fifth Mile Stone from Preston on the said Road, which said last-mentioned Diversion is in the said Township of Barton, and in the Parish of Preston aforesaid; another Diversion commencing near the Brick Kilns on the East Side of the said Road, and ending near to the Inn or Ale House on the West Side of the said Road, known by the Sign of The White Bully which last-mentioned Diversion is in the Townships of Barton, Bilsborough, and Myerscoitgh, and in the Parishes of Preston, Lancaster, and Garstang, all in' the said County of Lancaster; and another Diversion commencing near to a Dwelling House in the Occupation of George Holden on the West Side of the said Road, and ending at the Bridge over the Lancaster Canal, North of a certain Place called Bow Greave, which said last-mentioned Diversion i6 in the Township of Barnacre-with-Bonds, and in the Parish of Garstang in the said County of Lancaster; and also to authorize and empower the Trustees, to be named in the said intended Act, to take the several Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Orchards, Folds, Courts, Yards, Plantations, and Lands herein-after mentioned, and to add the Sites or Grounds thereof to the said Road: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third 3G.4.C. 126. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fourteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, the said Acts passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-second and Forty-third Years of the Reign

Acts repealed, and this Act to be put in force.

327

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

of His Majesty King George the Third, so far as relate to the said District of Road from Preston to Garstang, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and instead thereof this Act shall be put into Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair the Turnpike Road herein-after described.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the Powers of Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the 3G.4. c. 126. Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Reme- fended to dies. Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts *118 ct* thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution* as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and Tolls New Term hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby made subject and liable to and Tolls the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed, and are now due t(L and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said c s’ c* Acts, or any of them, on the said District of Road, and of all Interest

due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually to alt Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls granted by this Act ;, and all and every Person and Persons who may owe or be subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees of the said District of Road, or to any other Person or Persons for the Benefit of the said Trust, shall be liable to the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing this Act; and all Bonds, Cove* nants, and Agreements,. Contracts,- and Securities entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees of the said District of Road^ or any of them, according to the Provisions and Directions of the said recited Acts, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity until the same are fully satisfied and performed, on account and for the Benefit of the Trust created by this Act; and all Contracts or Agreements duly made or entered into by the Trustees of the said District of Road to or with any Person or Persons shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees for executing this Act, according to the Terms or Stipulations thereof respectively, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said recited Acts,

IV. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees. Peace acting for the County of Lancaster, together with Joseph Seaton Aspden, John Addison, Thomas Battye Addison, John Addison the younger,

Richard Atkinson, Thomas Ainsworth, John Abraham, Ralph Alderson,

Barton Fletcher Allen, John Allen, Thomas Fitzherbert Brockholes, Thomas

Boys, George Boys, John Bairstow, James Blanchard, William Brakell,

James Bleasdale, John Bir ley, William Birley, Thomas Bir ley, Joseph Bushell,

Thomas Birchell, Thomas Ball, Robert Bickerstaff, James Baines, John Fenton Cawthorne, William Cross, Henry Cross, William Cross the younger*

Thomas Buttler Cole, Samuel Crane, Greenhow Crane9 John Crook,

William

328

Power to appoint additional Truatees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

William Clayton of Grange, Edward Clayton, William Clayton Banker, William Saint Clare Doctor of Medicine, Paul Catterall, Peter Catterall, James Catterall, John Cafter all, John Dalton, Gabriel Doveton, Z)m>-

hurst, James Dixon, Richard Baines Dixon, Richard Eccles, Thomas Wilson France, Thomas Wilson France the younger, John William Richard Wilson Henry Fielding, Joseph Fielding, Jeremiah Fielding, Francis Hodgkinson Fielding, Henry Fisher, Robert Friend, Charles Gibson, Charles Gibson the younger, the Reverend Robert Gibson, Evan Richard Gerard, John Gardner, Edward Greenalgh, James Greenalgh, the Reverend Thomas Shuttleworth G rims haw, Nicholas Grimshaw, Edmund Grimshaw, John Green, John Gradwell, George Gradwell, Edward Gorst, Thomas Mee Gorst, Edward Gorst the younger, John Gorst, Septimus Gorst, John Greenwood, Samuel Horrocks, Edmund Hornby, Henry Hoghton, Samuel Horrocks the younger, Peter Horrocks, Robert Hesketh, Peter Hesketh, Charles Hesketh, the Reverend Hornby, James Heatley, Joseph Har-r/jofl, Henry Hulton, John Halibwton, John Hunter, the Reverend Robert Harris, Robert Holmes, George Jackson, William Jackson, Richard Jackson, Jonathan Jackson, Daniel Lion, John Law, Robert Law, William Leighton, William Lamb the younger, Edmund Lodge, Jonathan Lodge, Henry Myers, Thomas Miller, Edmund Margerison, Thomas Margerison, Thomas Moore Surgeon, William Miller, Matthew Miller, James Mounsey, Arthur Mi Isom, Robert Miller, Richard News ham, James News ham, Richard Newsham the younger, Christopher Oliverson, Robert Townley Parker, John Parker, Henry Parker, the Reverend John Pedder, the Reverend James Pedder, Edward Pedder, James Pedder, Edward Pedder of Preston, Richard Pilkington, William Ormerod Pilkington, John Prichard, Roger Parkinson, John Paley, John Paley the younger, Richard Palmer, Philip Park, Lawrence Rawstorne, William Rawstorne, James Rothwell, Robinson Watson Robinson Doctor of Medicine, Joseph Robinson, Ralph Riddle, Lord Stanley, the Honourable Edward Geoffrey Stanley, the Honourable Henry Stanley, James Shuttleworth, Robert Shuttleworth, Thomas Starkie Shuttleworth, John Swainson, John Smith, James Sidgreaves, George Sid-greaves, Edward Robert Travers, William Talbott, John Troughton, Thomas Trough ion, John Troughton the younger, James Threlfall, Richard Threl-fall, William Threlfall, George Teebay, James Teebay, John Taylor, William Taylor, the Reverend Roger Carus Wilson, Richard Willis the younger, Thomas Westby, Thomas Walmsley, Richard Walmsley, Ralph Watson, Jackson Walton, John Walton, John Winstanley, Christopher Bland Walker, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the present Turnpike Road from the East End of Canal Street aforesaid in the Town of Preston to the Town of Garstang in the County of Lancaster; and for carrying into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which Meeting,-and of the Purpose thereof. Ten Days Notice shall be given, as is directed by the said last recited Act respecting the Appointment of Trustees on Vacancies), to elect, nominate, and appoint any Number of

fit

329

4° GEORGII IV. xiii.

fit Persons, not exceeding Ten, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed; and such Trustees so elected and appointed shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said last recited Act and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed by this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed and prescribed, and unless being so qualified he shall before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned) take and subscribe before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath following; that is to say,

A.B. do swear. That I will truly and impartially, according to the Oath, best of my Judgment, execute and perforin the several Powers,

4 Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fouith Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George

* the Fourth, intituled An Act {here set forth the Title of this Act], and also

* an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty,

* intituled [here set forth the Title of the General Turnpike Act].

'So help me GOD.*

And if any Person shall act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act of Proceeding, touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at Meeting of some Place in the Town of Preston, and County of Lancaster, on the Trustees, Fourteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty-

three, and proceed to put the said last recited Act and this Act into '

Execution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they Appointing are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint such Officers, Sa-Collector or Collectors of the Tolls arising on the said Road, and Clerk larie8' &c* or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said

Road, and such other Officers as the said Trustees shall think necessary; and such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers,

{Local.] 4 0 or

Penalty on Trustee acting not being qualified.

Trustees to be sworn.

330

Former

Officers to continue.

Books, &c. relative to former Acts to be delivered to the Trustees under this Act.

Books used under former Acts to be Evidence.

Power to continue and erect Toll Gates, Toll Houses, &c.

4° GEORGII IV, Cap. xiii.

or any of them, from Time to Time to remove, and on Removal, Death, or Resignation of any such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, or other Officers, to appoint others in their Stead; and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any of the Monies arising by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, to allow and pay to the several Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting them, or any of them, in or about the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Services, as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Clerk, Surveyor, and all other Officers (except the Treasurer), who have been appointed under and employed in the Execution of the said former Acts hereby repealed, so far as the same relate to the said District of Road, shall respectively continue to exercise their Offices under this Act, until they shall respectively die, resign, or be displaced or be removed by the said Trustees, or be incapable of executing them, and shall be subject to the like Rules and Regulations, and Pains and Penalties, in all respects whatsoever, as if they had been appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or have been employed, or who have received any Tolls or other Money on account of the said District of Road, or who have or shall have in their Custody or Possession any Money, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to the Road by this Act directed to be improved and repaired, shall account for and pay and deliver over the same and every Part thereof to the Trustees in and by this Act named and appointed, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties, as the several Collectors and other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of this Act are by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act required to pay or account for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, so far as the same relate to the said District of Road, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

XII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby authorized to continue or remove all or any of the Toll Gates and Toll Houses which have been erected in, upon, or across any Part of the said Road by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, and shall and may erect or cause to be erected such and so many other Toll Gates and Toll Houses, Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, in, upon, or across any Part of the said Road, and also in, upon, and across such Parts, and in such Places of the said Road by this Act directed to be widened, improved, or kept in repair j and also such and so many Toll

8 . ' - i «. Gate

331

4° GEORGII IV. xiti.

Gate or Toll Gates on the Sides of the said Road as they the said Trustees shall think proper and expedient; and also shall or may erect or provide a Toll House with suitable Buildings, a Garden, and other Conveniences, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre of Land, at or near each of the said Toll Gates.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses 3611 PTe" erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed on the said Road, to Housee!

be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they si>all be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple, and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof:

Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given, where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by virtue of this Act take Tolls. Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take the several Tolls following, at each and every of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars, or Toll

Gate or Toll Bar, or Side Gate or Side Bar already erected by virtue of the said Acts upon the said Road to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and which by virtue of this Act shall be continued or erected in, upon, or across any Part of the said Road, and across or on the Side of any Street, Lane, Road, or Way leading into or out of any Part of the said Road, and on every Day, (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night) 5 (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Tolls. Barouche, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, Gig, Hearse, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray,

Car, Cart, Sledge, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny: _ - '• *

For

332

Tolls to be paid before Cattle pass the Gates.

Tolls to be vested in Trustees.

Limiting the Number of Tolls.

Stage Coaches, &c. to pay each Time of passing.

Exemption for Inhabitants of Fulwood and Broughton,

4° GEORGII IV. Cajp.xiii.

For every Score of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Score of Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Ten-pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And the said respective Tolls shall (subject to the Restrictions in the said last recited Act and this Act contained) be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, or other Beast, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, be permitted to pass through any Toll Gate erected, or to be erected or continued upon the said Road by virtue of this Act, or in, upon, or across any Lane, Street, or Way leading into the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Tolls by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act authorized to be taken, shall be vested in the said Trustees, and the same and every Part thereof shall be levied, collected, paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned in manner directed by the said last mentioned Act and this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to the Payment of more than Two full Tolls for passing or repassing with the same Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage on the same Day, the whole Length of the said Road.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Horses drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, shall be again chargeable with Toll for repassingr through such Toll Gate, in like manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat; and that the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Road on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XVIII. And whereas by the Diversion of the said Road in the Townships of FuJwood and Broughton aforesaid, in manner herein-before mentioned, the Inhabitants of the said Townships of Fulwood and Broughton respectively will, under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty and of this Act, be liable to repair and amend not only the said newly-diverted Parts of the said Road for the whole Lengths thereof in such Townships respectively, but also the said old Parts thereof, in lieu of which such newly diverted Parts are intended to be made, and on account of the Extent of the Burthen so cast upon them it is reasonable that the said Inhabitants should have Relief from the Payment of the full Tolls authorized by this Act to be collected in manner herein-after mentioned, be it therefore further enacted, That the Inhabitants of and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii. 338

and Hereditaments in Fulwood and Broughton aforesaid, shall not be subject or liable to pay at the present or any future Toll Gate or Toll Gates which shall be erected and set up under the Authority of this Act in or next adjoining to the said Townships respectively, on their Passage Southerly, nor in returning through the said Gate, more than One-half Part of the full Tolls authorized to be taken and recovered at such Gate or Gates respectively, nor be subject or liable to the Payment of any Toll whatsoever when passing or repassing with any Horse, Mule, or Ass, or any Cart, Caravan, or other Carriage laden with Milk, Butter,

Cheese, or other Dairy Produce, whether the same has been bought or sold by them respectively, or is going to be sold by them respectively, nor in returning empty or unladen from carrying or conveying the same, such Milk, Butter, Cheese, or Dairy Produce, being the Produce of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Fulwood and Broughton aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fourteenth Leases Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, all Demises, vacated. Leases, and Agreements for Leases of the Tolls heretofore ganted, shall

cease and be void, and the said Trustees are hereby required to make a fair and just Compensation and Satisfaction to the present Lessee or Lessees of the said Tolls for any Loss or Damage which he, she, or they shall and may sustain thereby, in case the same shall be demanded; and such Compensation and Satisfaction shall and may be recovered by such Lessee or Lessees from the said Trustees, in case of Refusal to make the same, on Demand made to their Clerk or Treasurer, by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, pr more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which, before Applica-the Day of the Commencement of this Act, shall have been raised and ^oncy! C produced by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, for or in respect of the said District of Road, and by this Act directed to be kept in repair, and which shall be remaining undisposed of on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, and also all the Monies which shall arise and be produced by and from the Tolls by the said last recited Act and this Act granted and made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue thereof, and not otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; (that is to say), in the first place. In the Payment of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall have been incurred in applying for, preparing, obtaining, and passing this Act, and otherwise relative thereto respectively, and in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Toll Gates, Toll Bars,

Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and keeping the same in repair, and of altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving the said Road by this Act directed to be kept in repair as aforesaid, and of erecting and making necessary and convenient Bridges upon the same, and otherwise executing the other Purposes of this Act, and in reducing, paying off,

[Local.'] " ' 4 P . " and ' " :‘ r

334

For paying Creditors by Lot.

Trustees not personally liable for Mortgages.

Road to be made according to Plan.

Lands marked in the Plan may be

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

and discharging the several principal Sums of Money and Interest which shall have been borrowed and secured in pursuance of and for the Purposes of the said Acts hereby repealed in respect of the said Road, and the several principal Sums of Money which may be hereafter borrowed and secured by virtue of this Act.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall at any Time or Times be desirous of paying off any Portion of the principal Monies due and owing upon the Credit of the said Road, it shall and may be lawful for them, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid (Notice of such intended Meeting, and of the Purposes thereof, being first given at least Fourteen Days preceding the same, by Advertisement in some Newspaper printed in or usually circulated within the said County of Lancaster), if they shall think fit, instead of paying the same rateably amongst all the Creditors, to determine by Lot to which of such Creditors the Whole or any Portion thereof shall be so paid, and to pay the same to such Creditor or Creditors only, or to any of the Creditors with the Consent of all the other Creditors; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally subject to or liable to be charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or other Security to be made by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Aers or this Act: Provided always, that in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be defrayed out of the Tolls arising on the said Road.

XXIII. And whereas Maps or Plans, describing the Lines of the several Deviations herein-before mentioned, and the Lands through which the same are to be carried, together with Books of Reference containing Lists of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Lancaster; be it therefore enacted, That the said Maps or Plans, and Books of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may, at all seasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and take Copies and Extracts therefrom at their Will and Pleasure, paying to such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of Five Shillings for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts j and that the said Trustees in making such respective Deviations shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Lines described in the said Maps or Plans, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviations shall be made.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Deviations into, through,

9 across,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.'xm. 335

across, or over the several Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises of any used notwith-Person or Persons who is or are or may be the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands or Premises over which the same, or any Part Book Qf thereof, is or are mentioned and described in this Act, or set forth and ference. described in the said Maps or Plans or Lists as aforesaid, although such Lands or Premises, or the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, may happen to be erroneously described, omitted, or mis-stated in this Act, or in the said Maps or Plans or Lists, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded front Mistake, or was not wilful; and such Certificate shall be deposited with and remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors and Workmen, with or euteraj[<an^8 without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Premises through which or whereupon the said Road hereby authorized to be made and kept in repair, or any Alteration or Deviation

thereof is intended to pass; and also upon any adjoining Lands or Grounds, and to stake out the said Road, and cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part thereof, and to make a temporary Way or Ways through or over any such adjoining Lands or Grounds (not being a Garden, Yard,

Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), to be made use of as a public Highway whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road are being widened or altered, and until the said Road shall be made safe and convenient for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think necessary or proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned, such Damages to be ascertained and settled, in case of Dispute concerning the same, in the same Manner as the Value of Lands to be purchased or used by virtue of this Act is directed to be ascertained and settled in case of Dispute; and if any Person shall pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out any Part of such Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Autho- Trustee* rities hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to restrained empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwell- from PuU* ing House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, oleE? Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, Houses with-or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or out Consent any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the of the 0w’ Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained, other than and

except so much and such Part of such Dwelling Houses or other Buildings,

336

Trustees to fence the new Road.

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials,

&c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

4° GEORGII IV.; Cap. xin.

ings, Orchards, Gardens, Yards, Parks, Paddocks, planted Walks, Avenues, and Nurseries for Trees, as are described in the Schedule to this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Trustees shall by virtue of this Act make any Part of the said Deviations of Road over and through any private Grounds, or shall take away any Fence for widening, diverting, or turning any Road already made, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made proper Fences or Stone Walls on both Sides of such new made Road, or on the Side upon which any such Fence shall be so removed as aforesaid, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to such Road, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches, where necessary, out of the said Road into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep such Fences so to be made in good Order and Repair for and during the Term of Five Years from the Time that such Fences shall have been made or set up.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Fourteen Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace; which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain afterpayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

4° GEORGII IV. Capiii. 337

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are Regulations or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable *810 f>er*

7 c» formanee

towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, and Gf statute the Inhabitants of all such Parishes, Townships, or Places liable to do Work. Statute Work upon or to contribute towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto, in like manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts,

Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law op Statute in . [Local.'] 4 Q force

338

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if such Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Lancaster, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor of the said Trustees.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the Fourteenth Day of Jlpril One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and shall continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-on? Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

The

339

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

i t HloV7 r ;iiitW Iii.: .is . i »j i.

———mmrntm—t i *..<— —I

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

_. '* < - •1 >W - IJiUiXy

; T " ' .tisutBesttfcl Ao '

1 r } Ig 1 i! •) in fr /< -U

In the Township of Preston.

\ Public House and Yard on the Westwardly Side of the said Road, belonging to the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Preston in the County of Lancaster, in Lease to Henry Bartort, and m the Occupation of Richard Barton.

Divers Dwelling Houses and Outbuildings on the Westwardly Side of the said Road, belonging to the Trustees of Goosnargh Hospital, in Lease to the Right Honourable Edward Earl of Derby, and in the respective Possessions of Robert Barton, Robert Jamieson, Ann Morley, Ellen Sherliker, and John Walton.

A Garden on the West Side of the said Road belonging to the Heirs of the late Joseph Nixon, and in the Possession of Mary Nixon.

Divers Dwelling Houses and a Garden, on the West Side of the said Road belonging to Richard Pilkington, in the respective Possessions of William Hebson, William Hesketh, and Thomas Norcross.

Divers Dwelling Houses on the West Side of the said Road belonging to Ellen Barton, and in the respective Possessions of Henry Barton and Thomas Core.

In the Township of Broughton.

Gardens and Court on the West Side of the said Road belonging to and in the Possession of Thomas Boys.

A Cottage and Garden on the West Side of the said Hoad belonging to and in the Possession of William Yeats.

A Garden on the West Side of the said Road belonging to Richard Gerrard, and in the Possession of James Parkinson.

A Garden

340

4° GEORGII IV. iii.

A Garden and Orchard on the West Side of the said Road belonging to John Gillow, William Fisher, and William Wolf, in the Possession of John Park.

A Cottage on the East Side of the said Road belonging to Richard Bibby, in the Possession of Henry Green.

In the Township of Barton.

Two Cottages and Gardens belonging to James Shuttleworth, Esquire, in the respective Possessions of John Banks and Henry Bailey.

The Park and Plantations on the East Side of the said Road belonging to and in the Possession of the said James Shuttleworth, Esquire.

A Barn on the East Side of the said Road belonging to the said James Shuttleworth, and in the Possession of the said James Shuttleworth, and of James Stuart.

Divers Cottages and Gardens on the East Side of the said Road, belonging to the said James Shuttleworth, and in the Possession of Robert Read, John Jamieson, and James Walls.

Two Gardens on the West Side of the said Road, belonging to the said James Shuttleworth, in the Possession of William Abbot.

A Public House and Gardens on the West Side of the said Road, belonging to the said James Shuttleworth, Esquire, in the Possession of Richard Standen.

A Garden and Plantations on the East Side of the said Road, belonging to the said James Shuttleworth, in the Possession of Samuel Storer.

In the Township of Myers cough.

Divers Cottages and Gardens on the West Side of the said Road in the respective Possession of William Abbot and Jennet Hardiker.

Divers Gardens on the West Side of the said Road belonging to James Catterall, and in the several Possessions of James Smith and Christopher Dunderdale.

Divers Cottages and Gardens on the West Side of the said Road, belonging to Thomas Eidsforth, in the respective Possessions of George Hodgson, Thomas Hollinhurst, and William Woods.

A Garden and Fold on the West Side of the said Road, belonging to the Heirs of the late Gilbert Jameson, in the Possession of William Preston.

A Workshop and Garden on the West Side of the said Road, belonging to Robert Beilis, in the Possession of John Hogg.

Divers Gardens on the West Side of the said Road belonging to John Catterall, and in the several Possessions of Richard Latus, Henry War-breck, and George Wilkinson.

9

A Garden,

341

4° GEORGII IV. xiii.

A Garden, Court, and Plantations on the West Side of the said Road, belonging to Reuben Cook, in the Possession of John Barton.

Divers Gardens on the East Side of the said Road, belonging to the Township of Myerscough, in the several Possessions of John Darlington, John Preston, and Thomas Hindle.

An Orchard and Fold on the West Side of the said Road, belonging to James Bleasdell, in the Possession of George Bennett.

A Garden on the East Side of the said Road, belonging to the Heirs of the late James Parkinson, in the Possession of John Catterall.

A Garden on the West Side of the said Road belonging to Edward Greenalgh, Esquire, and in the Possession of Robert Mercer.

A Garden on the West Side of the said Road, belonging to the said Edward Greenalgh, Esquire, in the Possession of John Jackson.

In the Township of Bilsborrow.

Plantations and Pleasure Grounds on the East Side of the said Road, belonging to and in the Possession of the said Edward Greenalgh.

A Garden and Court on the East Side of the said Road, -belonging to the said Edward Greenalgh, in the Possession of Thomas Heys.

In the Township of Claughton.

An Orchard on the East Side of the said Road, in the Possession of John Smith.

An Orchard on the West Side of the said Road, belonging to and in the Possession of William Noblett.

In the Township of Catterall.

Certain Gardens or Courts on the West Side of the said Road, the Property of Messieurs Fielding, and in the several Possessions of Thomas Bradshaw, Robert Burrow, and Thomas Bradley.

In the Township of Barnacre-with-Bonds.

Certain Grounds and Plantations belonging to Henry Fielding, Esquire.

Certain Gardens and Courts on the West Side of the said Road, belonging to His Grace the Duke of Hamilton, in the Possession of John Ibbotson.

Certain Courts or Gardens on the West Side of the said Road, belonging to Richard Jackson, in the respective Occupations of James Hall, Thomas Woolson, Thomas Beardsworth, Ellen Brash, and Robert Waring.

342

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.*iii.

Certain Gardens on the West Side of the said Road, belonging to His Grace the Duke of Hamilton, in the Possession of George Holding.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

JJteoiTj

DIE U_

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Stroud to Bisley in the County of Gloucester.

[2d May 1823.]

WHEREAS the widening, improving, diverting, and making Turnpike the present common public Road or King’s Highway, leading from the Town of Stroud in the County of Gloucester to the Town of Bisley in the same County, (several Parts of which are very narrow, steep, and incommodious), will be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Owners of Estates and Residents within or near the said Towns, and also of great public Utility, by opening a better Communication between the said Towns of Stroud and Bisley, and various other Parts of the adjacent Country : And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the General Laws now in being for 3G.4.C. 126. regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England:

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Appointment Gloucester, together with William Aldridge, Thomas Handy Bishop, John of Trustees. Burder Master of Arts, Benjamin Hayward Browne Doctor of Medicine,

\LocaU] 4 S Thomas

346

Powers of 3 G. 4. c. 126. extended to this Act.

Power to appoint additional Trustees.

Trustees to be sworn.

4° GEORGII rv. Cap. xiv.

Thomas Packer Butt, John Ballinger, Joseph Birt, John Baker, Richard Cooke, Thomas Croome, Stephen Clissold, William Capel, John Capel, Daniel Cox, John Colborne, Samuel Colborne, William Clutterbuck Chambers, George Davis, Handy Davis, William Weale Darke Doctor of Medicine, Paul Hawkins Fisher, Thomas Freston Clerk, Joseph Grazebrook, Benjamin Grazebrook, Thomas Groves, William Groves, Thomas Hill, Solomon Hopson, John Hawker, William Hopson, Edward Humpage, Edward Humpage the younger, Robert Helme, William Helme, Edward Gilling Hallewell, William Halliday, Sir Robert Harvey Baronet, John Hawkins Clerk, Peter Hawker of Stroud, William Hall, Thomas Howell, Thomas Holbrow, John Hoi-brow, Nathaniel Jones, Stratfords, Charles Innell, Charles Kendrick, Peter Leversage, William Lambert, William Lewis, John Lewis, George Lewis, Edward Mansfield Clerk, Thomas Mills of Stroud, Thomas Mills of the Grange, John Mills of Miserdine, John Mills the younger, of Miserdine, William Mills Clerk, William Tarnton Mills, Daniel Mills, Charles Newman, Henry Newman, Robert Owen, Robert Owen the younger, John Hinde Pelley, Thomas Preston, John Powell, John Paine, James Rowles, William Stanton, John Sims, Richard Sims, Charles Page Sweeting, Christopher Smith, Richard Smith, Peter Smith, Edwin Windsor Bayntun Sandys, Robert Lawrence Townsend the younger, William Townsend Clerk, William Turner, William Tayloe, John Thornton, William Toghill, John Winn, Joseph Watts, Philip Wathen, Sir Samuel Wathen Knight, George Wathen, John Watling, Nathaniel Wathen of the Field, Daniel Watkins, Daniel Watkins the younger, Henry Wyatt, Richard Wyatt, Thomas Wall, Richard Watts, William Sandilands Wilson, John Williams Doctor in Divinity, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making and maintaining in Repair the said Road, and for otherwise putting this Act in execution.

o,rrjr> -*j jff-rj i {(I \fOt ft r\

li. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act), shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered frotii 'Hme to Time at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect and appoint any Number of Persons (not exceeding Five in the whole, in Addition to the Number of Trustees herein named and appointed), to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and such Persons so elected and appointed, and being duly qualified according to the Provisions or Directions of the said recited Act, and having taken and subscribed the Oath, or being a Quaker, having made and subscribed the Affirmation in the said Act and this Act mentioned, shall be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and are hereby invested with the same Powers and

Authorities for executing this Act as if they had been herein named.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution,

unless

347

4° GEORGII IV, Cap

unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act is directed and prescribed, and unless being so qualified he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation mentioned in the said recited Act, and the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe, or being of the People called Quakers, shall make and subscribe, before One or more of the said Trustees, (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same), the Oath or Affirmation following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly Oath,

‘ affirm], That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of ‘ my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities,

‘ and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, c intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act], and of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled ‘ [here set forth the Title of the General Turnpike Act.]

'So help me GOD.’

* [Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words 4 So help me God.*]

And if any Person shall act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, (or being of the People called Quakers have made and subscribed such Affirmation), every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath (or being of the People called Quakers to make and subscribe the Affirmation) by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath or made such Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for executing this Meetings of Act shall meet together at the George Inn at Stroud in the County of Trustees. Gloucester, or some other convenient Place at Stroud aforesaid, on the Third Wednesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall and may then, and from Time to Time after, adjourn to and meet at such Times and at such Place or Places at Stroud aforesaid, as they shall think proper; and in case a sufficient Adjourn-Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act shall not appear ment. at any Time and Place appointed for a Meeting, then the Trustees or Trustee appearing at such Time and Place, or if no Trustee shall appear, then the Clerk shall, and they and he are and is hereby respectively authorized to adjourn the Meeting to the Place where the same was appointed to have been held, and to such Time as they or he shall think fit, not being more than Thirty Days, nor sooner than Fourteen Days from the Day of such last intended Meeting; and in case at any Time no Adjourn- If no Adf

ment journmeat

348

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

ment of any Meeting or intended Meeting shall be made as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk to the said Trustees, or for any Three or more of such Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, to call a Meeting of the Trustees by Notice to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the County of Gloucester, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the said Road, appointing the Trustees to meet at such Time and Place at Stroud aforesaid, as the said Clerk, or the said Trustees respectively giving such Notice shall think proper, not exceeding Thirty Days, nor sooner than Fourteen Days from the Date of advertising such Meeting; and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act or the said recited Act given to the said Trustees, and all the Matters and Things by this Act or the said recited Act directed or authorized to be done by the said Trustees, shall and may be executed and done by or before the Majority of the Trustees assembled at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, the whole Number present not being less than Three, and the same shall be of as full Force and Effect as if executed or done by or before all the Trustees for executing this Act, (except in such Cases where any such Power, Authority, Matter, or Thing is by this Act or the said recited Act particularly directed or authorized to be executed or done by any other Number of Trustees, or in any other Manner); and at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act a Chairman shall or may be appointed; and in all Cases where there shall be an Equality of Votes upon any Question, (including the Vote of the Chairman), such Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote; and all Orders made under the Powers and Provisions of this Act may be revoked or altered if Occasion shall require, provided that no such Order shall be revoked or altered except at some Meeting where not less than Five Trustees shall be present, nor unless the major Part of the Trustees so present shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration, nor unless Three or more Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk, under their Hands, and also cause Notice to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the County of Gloucester, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the said Road, specifying that such Revocation or Alteration is intended to be moved for Twenty-one Days at least previous to any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose \ and the Trustees shall at their several Meetings pay their own Expences, except any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings per Diem for the Use of the Room wherein they shall meet.

Meetings on

VI. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Emergencies. Meeting of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary, for the better Execution of this Act, that the said Trustees should meet on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk to the Trustees, by or under an Order in Writing signed by Two or more Trustees, or for any Two or more Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) to call a Meeting of the Trustees, to be held at such Time and Place in Stroud aforesaid as they shall think proper, by Notice, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such Meeting, to be inserted in some public Newspaper circulated in the County of Gloucester, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then standing or being across the said Road, (such Time being

be made, the Clerk or Three Trustees may call a Meeting by Notice.

Powers of the Act may be executed by Three or more Trustees at a Meeting, and the Proceedings of the major Part of the Trustees present shall be as valid as if all the Trustees had acted.

No Order to be revoked, unless Five Trustees present, and the major Part concur.

349

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. x\v.

being not less than Fourteen Days after Publication of such Notice); and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment: Provided always, that no other Business than what shall be specified in such Notice shall be transacted at any such Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any of their Appointment Meetings shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Clerk, Treasurer or of Officers. Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Removal of any such Officer

or Officers, may appoint another or others in his or their Stead; and every such Appointment and Removal shall be entered in the Book of the Proceedings of the Trustees, and the Entry shall be signed by the Trustees making the Appointment or Removal, or by the major Part of the Trustees present at the Meeting where the Appointment or Removal is made; and Ten Days Notice shall be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the County of Gloucester, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates standing or being across the said Road, of every Meeting where any such Appointment or Removal shall be intended to be made after the first Meeting of the said Trustees specifying the Intention of appointing or removing such Officer or Officers; and the said Trustees shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed, or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in or about the carrying this Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trus- Treasurer, tees shall, and they are hereby authorized, directed and required to take &c- g^e sufficient Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers acting by virtue of Security* this Act, for the due and faithful Execution of his and their Office, and also shall or may take such Security from any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, or any other Officer acting in Execution of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collec- Trustees tor or Receiver of the Tolls hereby granted, shall neglect or be incapable may appoint of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, or shall other-

wise misbehave or misconduct himself, it shall and may be lawful for any r"

Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver, and in such case, and also in case any Collector or Receiver shall die, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the Trustees, or until removed by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, which Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as if he or they had been nominated and appointed at a Meeting called and held in pursuance of this Act.

{Local]

4 T

350

Officers to account, and pay over Balances.

V

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

X. And be it further enacted, That each and every Clerk, Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor and other Officer, who shall be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time, within Twenty-one Days after being thereunto required, by Notice signed by Two or more of the said Trustees, given to him or them, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they for that Purpose shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under his or their Hand or respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by him or them respectively had, collected, or received by virtue of this Act, and how and to whom and for what Purpose the same and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments ? and all such Officers or Persons shall and they are hereby respectively required, within Fourteen Days after so exhibiting their Accounts, or within such other further Time as the said Trustees shall order or appoint to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their or his Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the same, or to pay the Balance remaining in their or his Hands within the Time or in Manner aforesaid, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Two or more of them shall appoint to take the same* within Fourteen Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees* all Books, Accounts* Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, in anywise relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road, and Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, shall live or reside, by the said Trustees, or by arly Person or Persons by them authorized on their Behalf, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to summon such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons to appear before him; and in case such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, shall not appear upon such Summons (the same having been served upon him or them personally, or left at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode, and no reasonable Cause or Causes to the Satisfaction of the said Justice being shewn for such Non-appearance), to issue a Warrant or Warrants for the Apprehension of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons; and it shall be lawful for such Justice, upon the Appearance of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, upon such Summons, or upon his or their being apprehended and brought before such Justice, by virtue of such Warrant, or upon his or their having absconded or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in the same Manner as the Trustees might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been so had, collected and received, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, or Person or

io Persons,

351

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

Persons, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the same, or if such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons appearing or being brought before the said Justice in Manner aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to such Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, to the common Gaol of the County or Place where he or they shall live or reside, or to any House of Correction within the same, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his and their Accounts, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his or their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, as shall have been made by virtue of this Act in respect thereof, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the same, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), or until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or to such Justice; but no such Officer or other Person who shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress only shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to erect and set up or build, or cause to be erected, set up or built, upon, in, or across the said Road by this Act directed or authorized to be made and maintained, or any Part thereof, or upon or across any public Road, Lane or Way leading to the same, or any Part thereof, when, where, and as they shall judge necessary, any Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Gate or Side Gates, Side Bar or Side Bars, or Chain or Chains, and any Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, and also One or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with Out Houses and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Toll Gate and Weighing Machine, and to take in and inclose on the Sides of the said Road suitable Garden Spots for such Toll House or Toll Houses, not exceeding One-eighth Part of an Acre each, as they shall think necessary; and from Time to Time to take down and remove or alter or discontinue the same, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and direct or appoint; provided also, that none of the said Toll Gates or Toll Bars shall be removed or discontinued as aforesaid, unless Fourteen Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove or discontinue the same, shall have been given in some Newspaper published within the County of Gloucester, and aLo

affixed

For erecting Turnpikes.

352

Power to take Tolls.

Tolls.

Limiting the Number of Tolls to be paid.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates then standing upon the said Road.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed Collector or Collectors of the Tolls to be taken by virtue of this Act, to demand and take the Tolls herein-after mentioned, at the several and respective Toll Gates, or Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, or Side Gates, or Side Bars, or Chains which shall be erected or placed by virtue of this Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night j (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Coach, Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis-a-Vis, Barouche, Phaeton, Chaise Marine, Calash, Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whisky, Hearse, Litter, Chaise, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox or Bullock, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number : And,

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said Sums of Money or Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, Ass, Beast or other Cattle, Coach, Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike, or Side Gate or Side Bar, or Chain, which shall be erected or placed by virtue of this Act in, upon, or across the said Road, or any Part thereof, or in, upon, or across any Lane or Way leading into the same; and which said respective Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act in Manner herein-after directed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have paid the Toil hereby authorized to be taken for the passing of any Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage through any one of such Toll Gates, or Turnpikes, or Side Gates, such Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage shall, upon a Ticket denoting the Payment thereof on that Day being produced (which Ticket the Collector or Collectors of such Tolls is and are hereby required to deliver, or offer to deliver, gratis, to the Person paying the same, and on which Ticket shall be named and specified the Gate at which the same shall have been paid), be permitted to pass and repass Toll-free through the same Toll Gate, Turnpike, or Side Gate, and also through all other Toll Gates, Turnpikes, and Side Gates along the whole Line of the said Road, at any Time or Times during the same

353

4° GEORGII IV. iv.

Day, to be computed as aforesaid; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing any Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan or Stage Waggon, or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay or Reward, every Time of passing or repassing along the said Road.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to put up and affix, or cause to be put up and affixed, and afterwards to be continued at every Toll Gate or Bar on the said Road, in a conspicuous Place, a Table of the Tolls by this Act granted, painted in distinct and legible black Letters on a Board with a white Ground, and at the Top of such Board the usual Name of the Gate at which the same shall be affixed, and also a List of the several Gates which shall be wholly or partially cleared by the Payment of Toll at the Toll Gate or Bar where such Table of Tolls shall be affixed, and specifying which of them shall be wholly and which of them shall be partially so cleared: Provided always, that upon Payment of any of the Tolls granted or made payable by or by virtue of this Act, the Collector or Receiver shall and he is hereby required to deliver gratis to the Person paying such Toll, a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Name of the Gate at which the Toll is received, and of the Gate or Gates (if any) which such Ticket shall free.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the Tolls arising on the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or let to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees, or Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall authorize or appoint, to occupy and enjoy the Toll House or Toll Houses, at which the said Tolls so let are to be collected and to arise, with all the Appurtenances and Conveniences to the same Toll House or Toll Houses belonging, for the Purpose of collecting such Tolls during so long Time only as such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall duly and regularly pay his, her, or their Rent or Rents, and perform the Covenants, Agreements, and Conditions of such Lease, Demise or Letting, but no further or otherwise.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls arising on the said Road shall be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let; or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Part or Instalment thereof, shall be in arrear or unpaid for the Space of Three Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid, pursuant to the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting thereof j or in case such Lease, Agreement, or Contract shall in any other Manner become void, then and in any of th$

[LocalJ] 4 U said

Stage Coaches, &c. to pay every Time of passing.

Table of Tolls to be put up at every Gate*

Tickets to be printed.

Lessees or Persons appointed by them may occupy Toll Houses.

Enabling Trustees to take Possession of Toll Houses when let to farm.

354

Subscribers to pay their Subscriptions.

Application of the Tolls and Money to be borrowed.

4° GEORGII IV. iv.

said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, upon Application made by the said Trustees, or by any Person by them appointed on their Behalf, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of every or any Toll House, Toll Gate, Bar or Chain, or Weighing Machine, and the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the Day-time, and to remove and put such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arising thereout respectively, or other the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the same, and from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls, and to give to the said Trustees or other Persons acting by or under their Authority Possession thereof; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall think fit, to vacate and determine the Lease, Agreement or Contract for demising or Jetting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall accordingly be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other unperformed or broken Obligations, Covenants or Agreements on the Lessee’s Part), as if such Lease, Agreement, or Contract had never been made; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected in such and the same Manner as if no former Lease, Agreement or Contract had been made relative thereto.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed for or agreed to advance any Money for and towards the making or maintaining the said Road,shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed within such Time and Times, and in such Parts and Proportions as is or are expressed in the Writing subscribed by them, or as the said Trustees shall order and direct, and the same shall be demanded by and paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall by any Writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect

j or refuse to pay the same, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sue for the same in the Name of any One of such Trustees, or of their Clerk, and to recover the same, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and all such Monies shall be vested in the said Trustees, and applied as herein-after mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already subscribed, or to be subscribed or advanced for the Purpose of making the said Road, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, or out of the first Money which shall arise or be received from the Tolls by this Act granted, the said Trustees shall in the first Place pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act, with Interest for the same, and the Remainder of all such Monies so subscribed or to be subscribed, advanced or borrowed, shall be applied in - 9 V 'J delaying

355

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

defraying the Expences of purchasing Lands and Hereditaments, and Materials for the Purpose of making and widening the said Road, and in erecting, making, or providing Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Bars, Gates,

Chains, Toll Houses, with Outhouses and Conveniences, also Footpaths,

Causeways, Bridges, Ditches, Fences, Rails, Posts, Boards, Lamps,

Books and other Matters and Things necessary or requisite for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution; and after Payment of all such Expences, the Remainder (if any) of such Monies, and all Monies which shall arise or be received from the Tolls by this Act granted, or otherwise, shall from Time to Time be applied in keeping down the Interest of the Monies subscribed or advanced for the Purposes of the said Road, and which may be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and in amending and keeping in repair the said Road, and the Toll Gates and Toll Houses, and in otherwise putting this Act into Execution; and lastly in repaying the Principal Monies subscribed or advanced for the Purposes of the said Road, or which shall be borrowed by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, either rateably or by Lot, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XX. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said Road, Road to be and the Lands through or over which the same is to be made or carried, made accord-together with a Book of Reference, containing a List of the Names of t(^pian the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the deposited at Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester; be it the Office of therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and the Book of Reference the clerk of shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, the 1 eaee* to the End that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees in making the said Road shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the Line described in' the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic,

Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands such Deviation shall be made.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Lands mark-for the said Trustees to make the said Road into, through, across, or over ed in the the several Lands x>f any Person or Persons who is or are or may be be

Owner or Owners of Lands over which the same is or are set out and de- with’3tanding scribed in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names Errors in the of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted or mis-stated in the Kook of said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices Reference. of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake, and such Certificate shall be deposited with and remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Trustees re-Authorities given by this Act for making the said Road, or given by the strained from

said ruulI,»

356

Dwelling Houses, &c. without the Consent of the Owner.

Fences to Road by whom to be made and kept in Repair.

Ditches, Drains, Bridges, &c. by whom to be made and cleansed.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

said recited Act for amending, altering, turning, widening and improving the same, shall not extend or be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Curtilage, Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, Lawn, Shrubbery, planted Waifc, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a'Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof, or other Person interested therein, first had and obtained, except such as are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, any new Road shall be made over or through any private Grounds, or where any Fence for widening, diverting or turning any Road already made shall be taken away, the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to make, erect, or place sufficient Fences or Stone Walls (with Gates therein where necessary) on the Sides of the said Road, where the same shall pass through or over any private Lands, Fields, or Grounds, or on the Side of such Road where any Fence shall be so removed as aforesaid, so as effectually to fence off the Lands adjoining; and after such Fences shall be made, the same shall be for ever thereafter the Property of the Persons or Parties on whose Lands, Fields, or Grounds the same shall have been made, erected or placed, and shall be supported and maintained for One Year by or at the Expence of the said Trustees, and for ever afterwards by or at the Expence of the Owners or Proprietors, or Occupiers of the Lands, Fields, or Grounds whereon such Fences shall have been so made, erected, or placed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That Ditches, Drains or Watercourses, of a sufficient Depth and Breadth for keeping the said Road dry and conveying the Water from the same, shall be made by the said Trustees, or their Surveyor, or other Officer, on the Sides of such Parts of the said Road as shall be widened or altered by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act; and also, where they shall judge it necessary, into or through any Lands or Grounds adjoining to or lying near the said Road (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House) at the Expence of the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; and sufficient Bridges,

, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, Tunnels, or Plats shall be made by the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or other Officer, where any Carriageways or Footways lead into or out of such widened or altered Parts of the said Road, also at the Expence of the said Trustees, out of the Monies aforesaid, any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Ditches, Drains and Watercourses, Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, Tunnels, or Plats, when made and completed by the said Trustees, shall for ever afterwards be scoured, cleansed and kept open, repaired and maintained by the Occupiers of the adjoining Lands or Grounds; but all new Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, Tunnels and Plats to be made by virtue of this Act, which shall cross or pass in or under the said Road, shall be scoured, cleansed and kept open, repaired and maintained by the said Trustees, subject to the Provisions of of the said recited Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv. 357

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per- Persons, &c. •sons, Counties, Towns, Parishes. Townships, Hamlets, Villages and Places, before liable and the Inhabitants thereof respectively, and Bodies Politic, Corporate

and Collegiate, and the Members thereof, who heretofore hath or have used, or of Right ought to repair any Part of the said Road, or any Bridge, Watercourse, Drain or Sewer in or upon the same, or to pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the Repairs thereof, by Reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or otherwise howsoever, shall, notwithstanding this Act, be subject and liable to such Repairs. or to the Payment of such Sums of Money, in the same Manner as he, she or they, and every of them would have been in case this Act had not been passed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law Statute -are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be charge- Labour, able towards repairing and amending the said Road or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto as heretofore ;> and it shall and Justices to may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the ^ences .County or Place in which the said Road or any Part thereof lies, and touci,|ng sta-they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them tute Work, for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor

by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisons or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road lies; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division of Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work* shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it -shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Sur-.veyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township,

Hamlet, Division or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Pay-.ment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are* or may be directed .by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject or liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid* to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall -think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors by their Order shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Surveyor or . _ {Local,'] 4X o Surveyors

35$ 4*'GE'6RGII IV. Cap. xiv.

Surveyors of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division or Place, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees) shall for every Day of his, her* or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses* Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall cortie to Work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off or discharge the Person who shall be found idle or

. negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees* and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways foT any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his and their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways shall live or reside, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees.

Trustee* may t-i

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Per-

contract for son or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize or appoint, shall

repairing the anc^ may> an^ ^y anc^ are anc^ hereby empowered to contract with

Road, &c. any Person or Persons for making or amending, repairing and maintaining the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for erecting Mile or Direction Stones or Posts, Bridges, Culverts or Arches thereon or therein, or for doing any other Works to be performed in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, by their Clerk, Surveyor or other Officer, with any Workmen, or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act* shall be binding .on the said Trustees and their Successors, and upon all other Parties who ahall sign the same, and the Executors and Administrators of Such other • . • 8- - v L* Parties;

4° GEORGII IV. Gap. xiv. 35#

parties; and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be requisite for making, amending, repairing or maintaining the said Road or any Part thereof, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue df this Act, and which by such Contracts or Agreements respect tively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against such Party or Parties,

Or Person or Persons so as aforesaid making Default in fulfilling his, her,

Or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary m anywise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and In case of as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be Nonpayment paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of the Directions sation for*1" of the said recited Act or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Sa- Material*, tisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil or Injury of any Nature Damages, or or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Per-

don or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Trustees,'&c. Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees or their Treasurer the same to (which such Treasurer is hereby authorized and empowered to do out of be levied by any Monies received or to be received by him as such Treasurer by virtue of

of this Act), to the Party or Parties entitled to the same within Ten Days such Trustee* after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such or their Justice or Justices from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, Treasurer., in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace,

Which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to such Sum or Sums of Money, or Compensation or Satisfaction aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the case may be : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, all such Costs,

Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Trustees

appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally subject to or charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or other Security to be made for the Purposes of this Ait* >

4i ' - XXX. And

Trustees not personally liable for Mortgages.

360 ia GEORGII IV.

Penalty for

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whom-certain soever shall wilfully pull down, break, injure, or damage any Table of U ences. t0jis pUt Up or affixecj at any Toll Gate or Bar on any Part of the said Road, or wilfully or designedly deface or obliterate any of the Inscriptions, Letters, Figures, or Marks thereon -t or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up, throw down, break, injure, or damage any Posts, Rails, or Fences to be placed, or put up by Order of the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, either by the Side or Sides of the said> Road, or at or near to any Pit or Quarry which shall be used, opened or made for the getting of Stones, Gravel or other Materials for the Purposes of this Act, in order to prevent Accidents > or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully cause any Damage or Injury to be done to any Bridge, Arch, Wall or other Building or Erection to be set up or erected by virtue of this Act on any Part of the said Road, or by the Side or Sides thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall cast or throw any Earth or Rubbish or other Matter or Thing into any Drain, Ditch, Culvert, Tunnel or other Watercourse made by virtue of this Act, so as to obstruct the Water from running or draining off the said Road; or if any Person or Persons shall, without being thereto authorized by the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being acting under this Act, shovel up, scrape, gather or carry away any Stones, Gravel, Sand or other Materials, Slutch, Dirt, Mire, Drift or Soil from off any Footpath or Causeway, or any other Part of the said Road or if any Person or Persons shall turn loose any Horse, Ass, Beast, Sheep or Swine upon the said Road, or suffer any Horse, Ass, Beast, Sheep or Swine to be turned loose, or to wander or stray or to be or remain upon the said Road, to graze or depasture on the Sides thereof; or if any Person on Horseback meeting any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, or other Person on Horseback upon the said Road, shall not keep his Horse on the Left or Near Side of the said Road; or if any Person or Persons shall dig, make, or use any Pit or Pits for sawing of Timber or Wood on the Sides of the said Road; every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence; and every such Offender shall also pay to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Person or Persons, in addition to the Penalty, such Sum of Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damage or Injury so done or occasioned to any such Table of Tolls, Post, Rail, Fence, Bridge, Arch, Wall, or other Building or Erection; and such Penalties and Damages shall be levied and recovered (together with the necessary Costs and Charges of levying the same) by the same Ways and Means, and in the like Manner as Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines are by the said recited Act directed or authorized to. be levied, and one Moiety of such Penalties shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied or disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

Damages and Charges in certain Cases, how to be ascertained.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where by this Act or the said recited Act any Damages or Charges are directed or authorized to be paid or recovered in addition to any Penalty or Penalties for any Offence or Offences, the Amount of such Damages or Charges, in case of Dispute respecting the same, shall be settled, ascertained, and determined by the Justice or Justices of the Peace, by or before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any such Offence or Offences.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

XXXII. And whereas the making Turnpike and diverting the said For discon-Road will render useless and unnecessary a certain Road commencing tl!?uing cer-at or near a Place upon the Side of the said intended Turnpike Road, j,s called Kendrick's Barn, and leading from thence down to the Cross Road become unin Stroud Field, where a public Road or Highway there leads to a Place necessary, called Horns, in the said Parish of Stroud; and also a certain other

Road commencing at or near the Abbey Cottage, at the Slad, in the Parish of Stroud aforesaid, and leading from thence up to and communicating with the said intended Turnpike Road at or near to the lower End of a certain Field adjoining, called the Forty Acres; and also a certain other Road commencing at or near the Abbey Cottage aforesaid, and leading from thence up to and communicating with the said intended Turnpike Road at or near the Lodge adjoining the same, at the Entrance of Lypiatt Park in the said Parish of Stroud; and also a certain other Road commencing at Trantor's Hill in the Parish of Bis ley aforesaid, and leading from thence up to and communicating with the said intended Turnpike Road at or near the middle Entrance or Door into Lypiatt Park aforesaid; and also a certain Footpath commencing at or near,

Nowlsons Cross, at the Top of the Town of Stroud aforesaid, and thence leading and extending over certain Fields called the Slug Piece, Barn Piece, Churches, Tumpy Ground, Lower Frith and Upper Frith respectively, into and communicating with the said Road hereby intended to be made at or near the Corner of the Field herein-before mentioned, called the Forty Acres; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, at any Meeting or Meetings to be held in exercise of the Powers of this Act, by Order under their .Hands and Seals, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to stop up and discontinue, and to prevent the using for the future of the said Roads and Footpath, or any or either of them as aforesaid; and it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to use the said Roads and Footpath, or such of them as shall be so stopped up and discontinued as aforesaid, but the same shall thenceforth cease to be a common Highway or Highways to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the same may be sold and conveyed by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, in the Manner mentioned in the said recited Act; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that Notice in Writing of such Order having been made as aforesaid, shall be affixed on some conspicuous Place by the Side of the Road or Footpath so ordered to be stopped up and discontinued, and also on the Church Door of the Parish or Parishes in which such Road or Footpath shall be situate, immediately before Divine Service, upon Three successive Sundays next after the making thereof, and also inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the County of Gloucester, for the Purpose of enabling any Person or Persons who may be aggrieved by the said Order to make the Appeal next herein-after provided.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Appeal may

to and for any Person or Persons who may be aggrieved by the making be made of any Order hereby authorized for stopping up and discontinuing the said old Roads and Footpath respectively, or any or either of them, to Trustees, appeal against the same at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace

[Local.~\ 4 T - for

362

If no Appeal, Order to be final.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

4° GEORGII IV. iv.

for the said County of Gloucester which shall be held within the Space of Four Calendar Months next after the making of the said Order, upon giving a Notice in Writing of such Appeal, duly signed by him, her, or them, to or leaving the same at the usual Place of Residence of the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, at least Twenty-one clear Days before such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; and the Justices assembled at such General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and required, upon due Proof before them by the Appellant or Appellants of such Notice having been regularly given by him, her, or them as aforesaid, to hear and determine the said Appeal, and upon the quashing or Confirmation of the said Order, to award and adjudge the Party against whom the said Appeal shall be determined to pay such Costs as the said Justices shall appoint j and the said Appeal, being so heard and determined, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and no Order against which any such Appeal shall be made as aforesaid shall be quashed for Want of Form only.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case no such Appeal shall be made as aforesaid, the said Order or Orders shall bejfinal and conclusive upon all Persons whomsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

6

The

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

363

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Description of Property. Names of Owners. Names of Occupiers.

Gardens and Cottages James Rowles •{ The Gardens in the Occupation of James Rowles, and the Cottages unoccupied.

Cottages, Courts, and l Gardens - j Mr. Minchin { Richard Aldridge. Jeremiah Alloway. Thomas Perkins. Hester Nicholls.

Court or Yard Mr. Colbome’s tees Trus- Revd. Mr. Burder.

Cottages D° { Thomas Hill.

D° - D° I J. Barrett.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IY. REGIS.

4Ml«H|t*4HMM»*4MH M +

Cap. xv.

An Act for repairing and improving the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge to the City of Winchester, and from the said City of Winchester to the Top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham in the County of Southampton, and from the said City of Winchester through Otterborne to Bar Gate in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and certain Roads adjoining thereto.

[2d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane to the Top of Stephen’s Castle Down, near the Town Bishop’s Waltham in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester through Otterborne to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton : And whereas an Act was passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty first Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane to the Top of ELocal.'] 4 Z Stephen’s

31G. 2. c. 75.

20 G. 3. c. 90.

366

4° GEORGII IV.

PM

Stephen’s Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop’s Waltham in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester through Otterborne to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton : And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late

41 G. 3. C. 95. Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to continue the Term, and

alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts made in the Thirty-first Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Twentieth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane to the Top of Stephen’s Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop’s Waltham in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester through Otterborne to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late

42 G. 3. c. 52. Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for altering, amending,

and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act passed in the Forty-first Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane to the Top o/" Stephen’s Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop’s Waltham in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester through Otterborne to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, as relates to the South District of the Southampton Road: And whereas the said Road from the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, was by the said Act of the said Twentieth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, divided into Two separate Districts called respectively The Nofth District of the said Road,* and ‘ The South District of the said RoadAnd whereas several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorised to be collected upon each of the said Roads and Districts of Road comprised in the said Acts, which still remain due and owing: And whereas the said Sums of Money so borrowed cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually repaired, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts are enlarged and altered, and the Tolls increased: And whereas it would be of general public Utility if Power were given to repair, improve, and keep iri Repair the several Pieces of Road herein-after mentioned, now communicating with the said Roads; videlicet, the Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road from Stockbridge to Winchester, at Fulflood, into the Turnpike Road from the said City of Winchester to Andover; the Lane called Love Lane, leading from the South District of the Southampton Road, at or near Rockstone Lane, to the Town of Southampton, by Saint Mary’s Church Yard; and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Gate erected on the South District of the Southampton Road, within Eight hundred Yards of Bar Gate, Southampton, Westward, to a Bridge called Four Posts Bridge, at the Boundary of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton e And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be repealed, and further Provisions made for those Purposes: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

3G 4 c 126. ^ct io amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the > 7 King’s

4 GEORGII IV. t.

307

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Former Acts Acts passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Se- repealed, cond, and in the Twentieth, Forty-first, and Forty-second Years of the Reign of King George the Third, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and instead thereof this Act-shall be put into Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Turnpike Roads herein-after described; that is to say, the present Stockbridge Turnpike Road from the Town of Stockbridge in the County of Southamp- to Winches-ton, to the West Gate of the City of Winchester in the same County; and ter* the Lane or Road leading out of the said Road frorri Stockbridge to Win*

Chester, at Fulflood, into a certain other Turnpike Road from the said City of Winchester to Andover, which shall be called ‘ The Stockbridge and Winchester Road the present Turnpike Road from the said City of Winchester, Winchester through Bellmour Lane to the Top ok Stephen’s Castle Down, near the said to Stephen’s Town of Bishop’s Waltham in the said County of Southampton, which shall Castle Down, be called ‘ The Winchester and Waltham Road ;* the present Turnpike Road wahham°P S from the Site of the late South Gate of the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne towards Southampton, unto a Stone set up opposite a Pond called Fernhill Pond, marked for the different Districts $ and the present Turn- North Dispike Road adjoining to and leading from the East Side of the last mentioned Road, near a Gate in the North-west Corner of a Close called to°n RoadP Barton Close, in the Parish of Saint Faith in the said County of Southampton, to the Pavement belonging to the said City of Winchester, in the Parish of Saint Michael in the said County of Southampton, which shall be called ‘The North District of the Southampton Road and the present Turnpike South Dis-Road from the said Stone, opposite Fernhill Pond, to Bar Gate in the trict of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton; the present Turnpike Road adjoining to and leading from the East Side of the said last mentioned Road, at or near a certain Mansion House and Premises called Belle Vue, in the Parish of All Saints in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, through Rockstone Lane and Portswood, into the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Romsey to Botley, in the County of Southampton, at Swathling, in the said County of Southampton, near to a Bridge over the River there; the Lane or Road called Love Lane, leading from the said last described Turnpike Road at or near Rockstone Lane aforesaid, East Side of Belle Vue aforesaid, to the Town of Southampton, at a Place called Saint Mary’s, within the Liberties of the said Town of Southampton, to the Pavement there; and one other Road leading out of the Road before described, from the Stone near Fernhill Pond, to Bar Gate in the said Town and County of the Town of Southampton, at the Turnpike Gate erected within Eight hundred Yards of Bar Gate aforesaid,

Westward, to a certain Bridge called Acorn or Four Posts Bridge, at the Boundary of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, which shall be called ‘ The South District of the Southampton Road.’

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the Extending Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers ot Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Re- 3G.4. c. 126. medies. Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such to 1 18 ct‘

Parts

368

New Term and Tolls liable to former Debts, &c.

Appointment of Trustees for the Stock-bridge and Waltham Roads, and the North District of the Southampton Road.

4 GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the whole of the Tolls and Duties by this Act granted and imposed for repairing and maintaining the Roads hereby directed to be repaired and maintained, shall, for and during the Term of this Act, be charged with and made subject to the Payment of all Monies heretofore borrowed, or otherwise due to any Person or Persons for the making and maintaining any or either of the Roads directed by the said recited Acts of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and of the Twentieth, Forty-first and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, or any of them, to be made and maintained, and now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts, or secured upon or made payable out of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, or any Part thereof, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, in the said Districts respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, or of the Tolls hereby authorised to be collected; and that all and every Person and Persons owing any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, which in anywise concern the said Roads or any of them, shall be liable to the Payment thereof to the Trustees for executing this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities, duly entered into by any Person or Persons, to or with the Trustees for executing the said Acts or any of them, for or concerning any Matters or Things respecting the said Roads or any of them, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity until the same are fully satisfied and performed, on Account and for the Benefit of the said Roads; and all Contracts or Agreements duly made or entered into by the Trustees, for executing the said Acts or any of them, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees under this Act, according to the Terms or Stipulations thereof respectively, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said Acts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace acting for the County of Southampton, together with the Right Honourable Richard Plantagenet Nugent Grenville Temple commonly called Marquis of Chandos, Sir Henry Joseph Tichborne Baronet, the Reverend Sir Henry Rivers Baronet, Sir Charles Ogle Baronet, Sir Edward Hyde East Baronet, Francis Baring, Alexander Baring, Bingham Baring, Charles Bailey, John James Barlow, Edward Deall Bridger, Richard Bright, Robert Budd (of Stakes Farm), Robert Barnard Clerk, William Burnett, William Barnes, the Right Honourable William Carnegie commonly called Lord Rosehill, William Cordery, John Crouch, William Complin, the Reverend Chandler Clerk, Lis combe Clarke Clerk, George Cox Clerk,

William Complin, Thomas Deane, Samuel Deverell, the Honourable and Reverend Thomas de Grey Clerk, Henry Thomas Dampier Clerk, John Vavasour Earle, William Earle, James Buller East, James Edwards, Charles Fielder, John Fleming, Richard Goldfinch, James Gauntlett, William

Cover

369

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

Cover, Thomas Gamier Clerk, George Godwin senior (Crawley), William Gamier Clerk, Henry Dyson Gabell Doctor of Divinity, John Hay garth Clerk, Gilbert Heathcote Clerk, George Hoare, George Hollis, John Hopkins Clerk, Henry John Hopkins Clerk, John Harvey, Samuel Heathcote Clerk,

James Hook Doctor of Laws, William Harrison Clerk, Henry Huntingford Clerk, Charles Brune Henville Clerk, Henry Rowland Harley, James Hodges Clerk, George Purefoy Jervoise, Robert Jessett, Lascelles Iremonger Clerk, Henry Knight, Robert Knight, Edward Knapp junior, Harry Lee,

Harry Lee junior, Clerks, Charles Littlehales Doctor of Medicine, Richard Hockley Lavington, Langford Lovell, Richard Henry Lloyd, Richard Littlehales, the Honourable Augustus George Legge Clerk, George Lovell, Giles King Lyford, Henry Giles Lyford, William Masters Clerk, Faulet Saint John Mildmay, Charles Marett, William Hill Newbolt Doctor of Divinity, Francis North Clerk, Charles North Clerk, George Frederick Nott Doctor of Divinity, Edward Nott Clerk, William Neville, Benjamin Neville,

James Ogle Clerk, Edmund Poulter Clerk, John Sayer Poulter, Charles Richards Clerk, Charles Richards junior Clerk, George William Ricketts,

Robert Rogers, James Ralfe, William Ross, George Robert Goodwin Ricketts,

William Simonds, William Simonds the younger, Charles Smith, Richard Snow, Thomas Walter Smith, Stephen Steele, William Short Doctor of Divinity, Henry Sissmore Clerk, John Nicholas Silver, James Scott Clerk,

Alexander Thistlethwayte Clerk, Robert Cropp Taunton Clerk, Nathaniel Turner, Nicholas Waller, John White, John White the younger, John Wood-burn Clerk, James Woolls, Barnard Winter, George Henry Ward, Philip Williams Clerk, Philip Williams Recorder of Winchester, Charles Williams Clerk, David Williams Clerk, Francis Swanton Clerk, James Woolls, Thomas Watkins Clerk, Thomas Westcombe Clerk, Tugwell Williams Clerk, and John Young, shall be and they and their Successors are hereby appointed Trustees for the Purpose of repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair the Stockbridge and Winchester Road, the Winchester and Waltham Road, and the North District of the Southampton Road, and for carrying into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the last recited Act as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the p0r the Peace acting for the County of Southampton, together with the Right South Dis-Honourable the Lord Viscount Palmerston of the Kingdom of Ireland, trict of the the Right Honourable the Lord Ashtown of the Kingdom of Ireland, the j^)"t(Jiampton Right Honourable William Sturges Bourne, Sir Thomas Freeman Heathcote Baronet, Sir John Thomas Baronet, the Reverend Sir Charles Rich Baronet, the Right Honourable Sir George Henry Rose, Sir William Champion de Crespigne Baronet, Sir Joseph Yorke, Sir James Lind, Arthur Atherley,

George Atherley, George Argles, Henry Barlow, Frederick Beadon Clerk,

Francis Love Beckford, Peter Bernard, James Bovill, Thomas Bromley Clerk, William Chamberlayne, Charles Day, James Dott, Abel Rous Dottin, Thomas Durell, George Ede, Samuel Elliot, Henry Eyre, William Fitzhugh, John Fleming, Nat Fletcher Clerk, Edward Fiott, Philip Carteret Fall, Edward James Foote, Jacob Gater, Edward Gater, William Henry Gater, John Gater, Sloane Gibbons, Gage J Hall, Charles

Hilgrove Hammond, Arthur Atherley Hammond Clerk, John Butler Harrison, Sir George Hewett, Michael Hoy, Edward Horne Huiton, John \_Local.] 5 A Hunt,

370

First Meeting of Trustees.

Power to Adjourn.

Qualification of Trustees.

Trustees to be sworn.

Oath.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

Hunt, James Hunt, John Rushworth Keek, Edwin Godden Jones, Stephen Lintott, Wilson Lomer, John Lukin Clerk, William Alexander Mackinnon, Martin Maddison, Martin Maddison the younger, Charles Marett, Thomas Mears Clerk, Henry Minchin, Charles Morris, John Sadleir Moody, Thomas Sloane Moody, William Oke, William Joseph George Phillips Clerk, Peter Rainier, George Rogers, William Rogers, Matthew Henry Scott, Hans Sloane Stanley, William Sloane Stanley, John Stiles, Samuel Silver Taylor, Cornelius Trim, and Blastus Godly Wright, shall be, and they and their Successors are hereby appointed Trustees for the Purpose of repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair the South District of the Southampton Road only, and for carrying into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said last recited Act as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the Stock-bridge and Winchester and Winchester and Waltham Roads, and for the North District of the Southampton Road, shall meet together at the House of Richard Staning, in the City of Winchester aforesaid, or at some other Inn or Public House, on the Third Tuesday after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and proceed in the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act; and that the said Trustees for the South District of the Southampton Road shall meet together at the Audit House, in the said Town and County of the Town of Southampton, on the Third Saturday after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and proceed in the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act.

VII. Provided always, That if Three of the said respective Trustees shall not appear at the said First Meeting herein-before appointed to be held, or at the Time and Place appointed for holding any subsequent Meeting of the said Trustees pursuant to this Act, within One Hour after the Time appointed for holding any such Meeting, the Trustees or Trustee then present shall and may adjourn such Meeting to such Day, Time, and Place as they or he shall think proper, not exceeding One Calendar Month from the Day such Meeting was intended to have been holden.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and prescribed, and unless being so qualified, he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, and the Oath hereinafter-mentioned) tajce and subscribe before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath following; that is to say,

* t A. B, do swear, That I will truly and impartially, according to the best

* of my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Autho-‘ r*ties, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee, by virtue of an Act passed ‘ in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth,

C intituled

371

. 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

*. intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act]; and also ail ‘ Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, ‘ intituled [here set forth the Title of the General Turnpike Act.]

'So help me GOD.

And if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (of which Meeting, and of the Purpose thereof, Fourteen Days Notice shall be given as is directed by the said last recited Act respecting the Appointment of Trustees on Vacancies), to elect, nominate, and appoint any Number of fit Persons, not exceeding Five, for the North District of the Southampton Road, the Stockbridge and Winchester Road, and the Winchester and Waltham Road, and not exceeding Five for the South District of the Southampton Road, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed, and such Trustees so elected and appointed shall be, and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed by this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees, at any of their Meetings, shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other Officers as they the said respective Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and appoint another or others in his or their Stead, and every such Appointment shall be entered in the Book of the Proceedings of the respective Trustees, and the Entry shall be signed by the Trustees making the Appointment, or by the major Part of the Trustees present at the Meeting where the Appointment is made, and Fourteen Days Notice shall be published in some public Newspaper, usually circulated in the said County of Southampton, and in the said Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and on all the Turnpike Gates standing or being across the said Roads, of every Meeting where any such Appointment shall be intended to be made, after the First Meeting of the said Trustees, specifying the Intention of appointing such Officer or Officers j and the said Trustees shall and may and are hereby

Power to appoint Five Trustees, in addition to those hereby appointed.

Appointment of Officers.

372 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of the last recited Act and this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed or who shall assist in the Execution of the last recited Act and this Act, for their Services, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

Officers to XI, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every continue un- Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer, (except the til new ones Treasurer,) who have been appointed under and by virtue of the said for-elected. mer ^ctSj shall hold and enjoy such their several and respective Offices and Employments, until removed therefrom by the Trustees for executing this Act; and each and every such Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer, shall have the like Power and Authority, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties and Power of Removal, and to the same Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he had been appointed by virtue of this Act.

lYustees may appoint tem-

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall refuse, neglect, or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the said respective Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the Trustees for the District; which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as if he had been nominated and appointed at a Meeting under and by virtue of the last recited Act and this Act.

Books, &c. relative to former Acts to be delivered to Trustees.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Officers or other Persons who are or have been employed, or who have received or shall receive any Tolls or other Money, by virtue or on account of the said Acts hereby repealed, or who have or shall have in their Custody or Possession any Money, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or any Things relating to the said Roads, by the before recited Acts directed to be improved and repaired, or either of them, shall account for and pay and deliver over the same and every Part thereof to the Trustees hereby appointed, in like Manner, and under the like Pains and Penalties, and with the like Powers to the Trustees for enforcing the Recovery thereof, as the several Collectors and other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act are required to pay or account for the same.

Books used

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books Acts tof bT161 containing Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing Evidence. tile sa^ recited Acts, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally subject to or liable to be charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or any other Security, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act: Provided always, that in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be defrayed out of the Tolls arising on the Roads hereby directed to be amended and repaired.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees, if they shall think proper, to continue all and every or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates and Toll Houses, and Side Gates or Side Bars, now standing and being in and upon or across the said respective Roads and Districts of Road, or to discontinue the same or either of them, or to remove and alter the Situation of the same or of either of them, and to erect and set up or build, or cause to be erected, set up, or built, upon, in, or across the said respective Roads and Districts of Road, or any Part thereof, or at the Entrance of any Road or Lane that doth or shall lead into or out of the said Roads, or either or any of them, when and as they shall judge necessary, any Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Gate or Side Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, and also one or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with Outbuildings and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Toll Gate or Weighing Machine, and to take in and inclose on the Sides of the said Roads, suitable Garden Spots for such Toll House or Toll Houses, not exceeding One-eighth Part of an Acre each, with such Lamp or Number of Lamps at or near the said Toll House or Toll Houses as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to take down and remove, or again to put up in a different Situation, or to alter and discontinue the same, or any of them, as they the said respective Trustees shall think proper, and direct or appoint.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses, or Building or Buildings heretofore purchased, erected, or intended for the Purpose of a Toll House or Toll Houses, by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, or hereafter to be purchased or erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand (except the same shall have been erected on any Highway, or on any Common or Commonable Fields), with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, which shall be considered by the said Trustees as useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same, and to convey, assign, and surrender the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, according to the Nature and Tenure of the Estate, by which the same may be holden; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns shall, upon

\Local.~\ 5 B Payment

373

Trustees not to be personally liable.

Power to erect and remove Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Side Gates, Weighing Machines, &c.

Power to sell Toll Houses.

374

Power to take Tolls.

Tolls.

4° GEORGII IV.

Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, according to the Nature and Tenure thereof, discharged from all Trusts, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be answerable for the Application or Misapplication of his, her, or their Purchase Money: Provided always, that such Preference of Purchase shall be given to the Person or Persons from whom any Land on which any Toll Houses may have been erected, was purchased, leased, or taken in Exchange, or to the Person or Persons whose Land shall adjoin thereto-, as is by the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be given, where any Piece or Pieces of Ground, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is or are authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed or continued or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take the several Tolls following, at each and every of the several and respective Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or Side Bar or Side Gate, or Chain, which are or is or shall be standing or being, or continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said respective Roads and Districts of Road, or any or either of them, or any Part thereof, on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say),

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Calash, Chair, Phaeton, Hearse, Sociable, Car, Gig, or Litter, or other such like Carriage, on the North and South Districts of the Southampton Road respectively, the Sum of Three-pence; and for every Horse or other Beast drawing any such Carriage on the Stockbridge and Winchester Road, and on the Winchester and IValtham Road respectively, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Caravan, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Four Inches and a Half at the Bottom or Soles thereof, on the North and South Districts of the Southampton Road respectively, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; and for every Horse or other Beast drawing any such Carriage on the Stockbridge and Winchester Road, and on the Winchester and Waltham Road respectively, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Caravan, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half, and less Breadth than Six Inches at the Bottom or Soles thereof, on the North and South Districts of the Southampton Road respectively, the Sum of Four-pence; and for every Horse or other Beast drawing any such Carriage on the Stockbridge and Winchester Road, and on the Winchester and Waltham Road respectively, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Caravan, Wain,. Cart, or other such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards at the Bottom or Soles thereof,

6 on

375

4° GEORGII IV. Cap,xv.

on the North and South Districts of the Southampton Road respectively, if drawn by Five or more Horses or Beasts of Draught the Sum off Two-pence Halfpenny, and if drawn by Four or a le^s Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught the Sum of Three-pence; and for every Horse or other Beast drawing any such Carriage on the Stockbridge and Winchester Road, and on the Winchester and Waltham Road respectively, if drawn by Five or more Horses or Beasts the Sum of Three* pence,-and if drawn by Four or a less Number of Horses the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass passing laden or unladen, and not draw* ing, on the North and South Districts of the Southampton Road respectively, the Sum of One Penny; and passing on the Stockbridge and Win*

Chester Road, and on the Winchester and Waltham Road respectively, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule,

Ass, Beast, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or Side Bar or Side Gate, or Chain, already erected and continued, or to be erected and continued by virtue of this Act, upon or across the said respective Roads and Districts of Road, or any or either of them, or any Part thereof, or upon or across any Lane or Way leading into the same; provided that the Power hereby granted to take Toll at any Side Gate or Side Bar shall not extend to a Double Charge upon any Horses,

Beasts, Cattle, or Carriages passing through any other of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates in the same Roads or Districts of Road, and such of the said respective Tolls as shall be collected on the said Stockbridge and Winchester Road, and Winchester and Waltham Road, and the North District of the Southampton Road, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees for the said Stockbridge and Winchester, and Winchester and Waltham Roads, and the said North District of the Southampton Road, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act in manner herein-after directed; and such of the said respective Tolls as shall be collected on the said South District of the Southampton Road, shall be and are hereby vested in the Trustees for the said South District of the Southampton Road, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act in manner hereinafter directed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Toll Bar erected in No Toll to be the Lane leading out of the Winchester and Waltham Road by New Barton ^ken at the Farm to Chilcomb, shall be permitted to remain; or if any Toll Gate or ^rem other Toll Bar shall be hereafter erected in the said Lane, in lieu of the leading to present Toll Bar, no Toll or Duty shall be demanded or taken of or from New Barton the Occupier of the said Farm for the Time being, or any other Person or Farm» of Per-Persons, for his or their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages passing through the said Toll Gate or Toll Bar to oc from the said Farm only* said Farm16

only.

XX. Pro*

376

Exemptions for agricultural Produce.

Threshed Corn in certain Cases exempted from Toll.

Side Gates may be erected by Trustees of South District across Commonable Fields.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act, for any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Dung, Soil, Compost, or Manure for improving Lands, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry (unless laden also with some other Thing not hereby exempted from Toll), or any Hay, Straw, Fodder for Cattle, and Corn in the Straw, which has grown or arisen on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, Potatoes, or other agricultural Produce, and which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor is going to be sold or disposed of •, or for any Horses or other Beasts employed in Husbandry, going to or returning from Plough or Harrow, or to or from Pasture or Watering Place, such Horses or other Beasts not going or returning on those Occasions more than Two Miles on the said Roads; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemption, not being legally entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Proof of Exemption shall be on the Person claiming the same.

XXI. And whereas by the said last recited Act it is enacted, that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying any Hay, Straw, Fodder for Cattle, and Corn in the Straw, which has grown or arisen on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, Potatoes, or other agricultural Produce as therein mentioned j be it therefore enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected on any of the said respective Roads or Districts of Road, for any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying any threshed Corn which has grown or arisen on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such threshed Corn, and which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor is going to be sold or disposed of.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That to prevent Persons evading the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted within the South District of the Southampton Road, it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees acting within the said District, or any Three or more of them, to erect or cause to be erected one or more Fence or Fences, Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, Turnpike or Turnpikes, with or without a Toll House or Toll Houses, across, along, by, on, or over any Waste, Common, or Commonable Fields, lying near the Town of Southampton, and within the Liberties of the County of the same Town, or across, along, by, on, or over any Part or Parts thereof, within a Quarter of a Mile of some Part of the said South District of the said Road, and to take and levy, or cause to be taken and levied thereat respectively, such Tolls as are by this Act made payable at any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act within the said District, so as the same, or the Tolls to be collected at any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected within Eight hundred Yards ol Bar Gate in the Town and County of the Town of Southamptoni do not extend to a Double Charge, or subject any Person

4" GEORGII IV. xv. m

to the Payment of a larger Toll than is hereby appointed to be paid for passing through any other of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or of this Act, within the said South District of the said Southampton Road-

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Trustees acting within the South District of the Southampton Road to t^ke or levy, or cause to be taken or levied, any Toll whatsoever on any Cattle or Carriages passing through any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected within Eight hundred Yards of Bar Gate aforesaid, or in the said Lane called Love Lane, or in or upon the said Road to Four Posts Bridge, but during such Period in every Year, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, as the said Trustees shall think sufficient to enable the said Trustees effectually to support, repair, and maintain the Road lying within the said South District, and defray all the Charges incident thereto, and to raise such Sum of Money as may be necessary to be appropriated as a Sinking Fund in manner herein-after mentioned, but if in any Year it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, at a Meeting to be called expressly for that Purpose, of which Fourteen Days Notice by public Advertisement shall be given, that the Money collected at all the Gates or Turnpikes erected or which shall hereafter be erected within the said South District, shall be insufficient to enable the said Trustees effectually to support, repair, and maintain the Road lying within the said South District, and defray all the Charges incident thereto, in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees in the succeeding Year to take and levy, or cause to be taken and levied, at any such Gate or Turnpike, within Eight hundred Yards of Bar Gate aforesaid, the Tolls by this Act granted for any Period not exceeding Four succeeding Calendar Months.

Trustees of South District not td take Toll within 800 -Yards Of BAr Gate iri Love Lane, or between Bar Gate and Four Posts Bridgej except at certain Periods.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not No Toll to be be lawful for the Trustees acting within the said South District of the taken at the Southampton Road to take or levy, or cause to be taken or levied, at any Turnpike or Toll Gate erected or to be erected between Bar Gate in the cattle or Car-Town and County of the Town of Southampton and Acorn or Four Posts riage having Bridge, at the Boundary of the said Town and County of the Town of Pa*d Toll oiv Southampton, any Toll whatever on any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage °msey passing or repassing to Or from the said Town of Southampton, for which Toll shall have been paid on the same Day at any Turnpike or Toll Gate already ejected or that shall hereafter be erected between the Town of Romsey and not less than the Distance of One Mile and a Quarter from Bar Gate in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton aforesaid*, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing 43G. 3. C. 72. the Term and altering the Powers of Two Acts made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond, late belonging to Henry Eyre *Esquire, in the Parish of White Parish in the County of Southampton, to the Top of Dunwood Hill, and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra, to Hundred Bridge in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton, on a c [Local.-] 5 G Note

378

If Trustees of Romsey Road erect a Gate near Southampton, Toll to be taken at Southampton Gate.

Trustees to take Toll at Weighing Machine.

Power to agree with Owners, &c. of Weighing Machines for the Use of them.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

Note or Ticket of the Day being produced denoting such Payment, which Note or Ticket the Collector of the Tolls at any such Turnpike or Toll Gate erected or that shall be erected by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act are hereby required to give gratis.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said Trustees named or appointed in or under the said Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third shall at any Time erect or cause to be erected any Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Bar on aay Part of the Road comprised in, the said Act, and lying between the Place on the North Side of the Road leading from. Milbrook in the County of Southampton to the Town of Southampton, at which the Road from the said Town of Romsey joins the last-mentioned Road, and the Boundary of the County of the Town of Southampton, at or near a certain Bridge called Acorn or Four Posts Bridge, where the said first-mentioned Road terminates, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said South District of the said Southampton Road to demand and receive at any Turnpike Gate or< Bar erected or to be erected, within Eight hundred Yards, of Bar Gate aforesaid, or in the said Lane called Love. Lane, or in the said Road to Acorn or Four Posts Bridge, the several Tolls hereby granted for all Horses, Cattle, and Carriages passing through any such Turnpike Gate or Bar, although the same Horses, Cattle, and Carriages shall have previously paid a Toll for passing on the said Road leading from the said Town of Romsey to the said Town and County of the Town of Southampton j any thing in this A.ct contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or for any Person or Persons authorized by them, and they are hereby empowered to receive, take, demand, levy, and recover, or cause to be received, taken, demanded, levied, and recovered, at any Weighing Machine erected by the said Trustees, or rented or hired by them, the several Sums of Money granted in and by the said Act of the Third Year, of the Reign of His present Majesty, as additional Toll for every One hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hund;ed, which any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any such Weighing Engine, over and above the Weights in the said last-mentioned Act allowed to them respectively, notwithstanding such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall not pass or not have that Day passed through any Gate or Turnpike on the said Roads or District of Road whereat any Toll or Duty shall be due or payable, provided such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall

pass or shall have passed One hundred Yards on the said Roads or District of Road.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to contract and agree with any Owner or Owners, Renter or Renters, Occupier or Occupiers of any Crane, Machine, or Engine proper for the weighing of Waggons, Carts, or Carriages conveying any Goods or Merchandize, lying near unto and immediately adjoining any Part of the said Roads, upon such Terms of Renting or Payment

for the Use thereof as may be agreed on by the said Trustees and such

Owner,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv. 379

Owner, Renter, or Occupier of such Crane, Machine, or Engine, and to pay for the same such of the Tolls and Duties hereby granted; and by Notice upon a Board for that Purpose to be put up at such Crane, Machine, or Engine, to order and direct all and every such Waggons, Carts, and Carriages to be weighed thereat in the same Manner, and under the same Powers and Penalties as are directed by the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to Weighing Machines thereby authorized to be used.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more OnlyOhe than One Toll in the whole shall be payable for or in respect of the same Toll payable Horses, Beasts, Cattle, or Carriages for passing and repassing in One jj1

Day (to be computed as aforesaid) along the said Stockbridge and Winches- of

ter Road, or along the said Winchester and Waltham Road, or along each Road; District of the Southampton Roads, to be payable at the First Turnpike or Toll Gate erected, or to be erected, on either of the said Roads or Districts of Road, through which such Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage shall pass, and that the same Horses, Beasts, Cattle, or Carriages shall be permitted to pass through the same Gate or Turnpike, or any other Gate or Turnpike on the same Road, or District of Road, Toll-free, at any Time or Times during the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid)*, on a Note or Ticket of the Day being produced denoting such Payment, which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis*

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Horses or StageCoaches other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Time^o?0*1 Caravan, or other Stage Carriage, carrying Passengers or Goods for passing, &c. Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, shall be again chargeable with Toll for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat; and that the "Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage, travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said • Road on the same Day, with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XXX. And whereas in Consideration of the Injury done and that may Proprietors of be done to that Part of the Road lying within the said South District be- Northam tween the Entrance of the Road leading to Northam Bridge and Bar Gate makel Rein the Town of Southampton, by Horses, Cattle, and Carriages passing numeration and repassing to and from Southampton and 'Northam Bridge, during the for no Toll Continuance of this Act, the Company of Proprietors of Northam Bridge ^dng taken and Roads established by an Act made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Jndofroni ° Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for Southampton building a Bridge over the River Itchen, within the Liberties of the Town and Northam and County of the Town of Southampton, and for making a Road from Bri(*Se*

the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from West End to Botley, in the County of Southamp- ton, have agreed to make a Remuneration^ for such Injury, be it therefore enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, within Twenty-one

380 4° GEORGII IV. Cap

Days from the passing of this Act, pay or cause to be paid to the Treasurer of the said South District for the Time being the Sum of Seventy-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence; and that in Consideration thereof no Toll or Duty whatsoever shall be demandable or taken at any Toll Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act in any Lane, Waste, Common, Common Field, Bye-way, Place, or other Situation between Northern Bridge and the Town of Southampton, for or in respect of any Cattle or Carriage passing, or repassing Northam Bridge or Roads to or from the said Town of Southampton, but that all Cattle and Carriages passing or repassing the said Bridge, Roads, or Places , shall pass altogether free and exempt from Toll j any thing in this Act

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Tolls eol-

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls to be collected on lected on se-. the Stockbridge and Winchester Road, and the Money which shall be bor-parate Roads rowecj on the Credit thereof, and also the Tolls to be collected on the rate Fundsf" Winchester and IVciltham Road, and the Money which shall be borrowed and Applica- on the Credit thereof, and also, the Tolls to be collected on the North don thereof. District of the Southampton Road, and the Money which shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and al$o>the Tolls to be collected on the South District of the Southampton Road, and the Money which shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be deemed so many separate Funds, each of which shall, after Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expences relative to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, with Interest for the same, be applied from Time to Time by the Trustees in keeping down the Interest of the Principal Monies by them respectively borrowed or raised for the said respective Roads and Districts of Road, under or by virtue of the said Three first recited Acts, or any of them, and which may be by the said Trustees respectively borrowed or raised under or by virtue of the Powers of the said last recited Act or this Act, and in repairing, amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair that particular Road only on which such Tolls shall respectively be collected, and in the Execution of this Act on that particular Road only, and not otherwise^ and the said Trustees shall, out of the first Money arising by the said Tolls, or out of such Money as shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof, pay and discharge the Costs, Charges, and Expences relative to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, with Interest for the same in the Proportions herein-after mentioned, and shall apply the Remainder of the Money so raised in repairing or erecting Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and repairing, amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the said respective Roads and Districts of Road, and defray* ing the necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending the putting the said last recited Act and this Act in Execution, and afterwards in j Paying Amount of Two Pounds and One Pound per Centum per

Annum for providing such Sinking Fund, as is herein-b^fore mentioned, arid in repaying the Principal Monies already borrowed or raised or otherwise due and owing under or by virtue of the said Three first recited Acts, or to be by them the said Trustees respectively borrowed or raised or otherwise due and owing under or by virtue of the said last recited. Act or this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

8

4" GEORGII IV. xy. 381

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day Sinking Fund of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, the Sum of Two toberalsed-Pounds per Centum per Annum on the aggregate Amount of all the Principal Monies now due and secured on the Tolls of the said Stock-

bridge and Winchester Road, and the North and South Districts of the Southampton Road, and the Sum of One Pound per Centum per Annum on the aggregate Amount of all the Principal Monies now due and secured on the Tolls of the said Winchester and Waltham Road, and on the Amount of every further Sum of Money which shall be hereafter borrowed or taken up at Interest on the Credit or Security of the Tolls hereby granted and imposed on the said respective Roads and Districts of Road, shall be charged on and during the Continuance of this Act be appropriated and paid out of the Tolls hereby granted and imposed on such Roads and Districts of Road respectively, in order to form a Sinking Fund for the gradual Payment of all and every the said Monies in manner herein-after directed $ and that after the Payment of any such Principal Monies, the full Interest which would have been otherwise payable, for or in respect of the same, to the Creditor or respective Creditors, shall from thenceforth and during the Continuance of this Act be charged on and appropriated and paid out of the said respective Tolls in aid of the said Sinking Fund, and that as often as the said Sinking Fund shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds on either of the said Roads or Districts of Road respectively, then and in such Case that Sum, or any further Part of the Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer or respective Treasurers, shall, if the Trustees of the said Roads and Districts of Road respectively think proper, be applied in Payment of an equal Amount of the Principal Monies borrowed under any former Act or Acts upon the Credit or Security of the Tolls of the said Roads and Districts of Road respectively, and then remaining due and owing to or amongst the Creditors, either rateably or by Lot, as the said Trustees respectively shall think proper; and when and as soon as all the Principal Monies so borrowed on either of the said Roads or Districts of Road, under the Authority of the said former Acts or either of them, shall have been paid and discharged, then in Payment of an equal Amount of the Principal Monies which shall, after the passing of this Act, be borrowed or taken up at Interest on the Credit or Security of the Tolls hereby granted and imposed on either of the said Roads or Districts of Road, either rateably or by Lot, amongst the said Creditors, as the respective Trustees shall think proper.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls Enabling arising by virtue of this Act upon the said respective Roads or Districts of Trustees to Road, or either of such Roads or Districts, shall be demised or let to farm ^oli to any Person or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Houses when Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform let to farm, the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, uP?n Rent or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, be‘nS i" ar" Farmer or Farmers, shall be in arrear for the Space of Seven Days next y^id °r ea,e after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid, pursuant to

the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting thereof, or in case such Lease or Agreement shall in any other Manner become void,

[Local.'] 5 D then

382

4° GEORGII IV Cap. xv.

then and in either of those Cases it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, or the said Town and County of Southampton, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable, or such other Peace Officer as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of every or any Toll House, Toil Gate# Bar, Chain, Weighing Machine, and the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging; and to remove and put out such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arising thereat respectively, and his, her, pr their Servant or Servants, from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls, and to give the said respective Trustees or other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority respectively Possession thereof; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees respectively, if they shall think fit, to vacate and determine the Lease, Contract, or Agreement for demising or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes, (save as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payments of Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other unperformed or broken Obligations, Covenants, or Agreements on the Lessees Part), as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made; and it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Trustees respectively, in every such Case, to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again t6 any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected in such and the same Manner as if no former Demise, Contract, or Agreement had been made relative thereto.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Fourteen Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain afterpayment of Such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and

5 Expences

In case of Non-payment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv. 383

Expeneesof such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Treasurer or Treasurers shall and may retain out of any Monies which may come into his or their Hands in pursuance of this Act or the said last recited Act all such Sum or Sums of Money, Costs, and Expences, as he or they shall pay, bear, or be put unto, by reason of such Order to be made by such Justice or Justices as aforesaid.

IXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law att Regulation# or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable to- as to Per-wards repairing and amending the said Roads or any Part thereof, and l°tra"^tQCe of the Inhabitants of all such Parishes, Townships, or Places as have at any Work.

Time or Times done Statute Work upon or contributed towards repairing and amending the said Roads or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto in like manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, or for the Town and County of the Town of Southampton* and they are hereby respectively empowered and required, (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks,

Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done! upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor Of Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu Of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers j and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices respectively* front Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish,

Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at sortie Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Nafnes of the sevefal Persons who, within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts of otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, %hicft Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner,- and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of fcuch Lists such respective Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and ofder such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said respective Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such

384

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Highways shall be situate, on Complaint made to such Justices, by the Surveyor of the said respective Trustees.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where it is directed or provided by the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by this Act, that any Notice shall be given or any Act or Thing done by or any Notice or List delivered to or left with any Turnpike Surveyor, it shall and may be lawful for the same to be given or done by or delivered to or left with the Deputy of the Surveyor, or the Clerk or Clerks to the respective Trustees acting in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were given or done by or delivered to or left with the said Surveyor.

Trustees may

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the contract for sajj respectiVe Trustees to contract and agree with any Person or Persons Works3 for widening, altering, repairing, or improving the said Roads, or erecting Arches or Bridges upon the same, or for doing any other Work in

pursu-

Notice, &c. directed by the General Turnpike Act to be given to the Surveyor, may be given to his Deputy or the Clerk to the Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

385

pursuance or Execution of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money annually, or for a Term of Years or otherwise, as the said respective Trustees shall think proper*

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Trustees not in this Act contained shall authorize the said Trustees to repair or amend to repair the Foot-pavement in the Streets of any Town through which the said Foot Pave" Roads do lead, or any County or Hundred, Bridge or Bridges, and that n S' such Bridges, Drains, and Sewers, lying and being in either of the said

Roads, and such Parts of the said respective Roads which have been heretofore and ought to be maintained and repaired by any particular Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or by the Inhabitants of any Town or Place, shall from Time to Time be repaired, maintained, and kept in Repair by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or by the Counties, Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Villages, and Places, and the Inhabitants thereof respectively, liable to the said Repairs, in such Manner as the same were or ought to be respectively kept in Repair before the passing of this Act; and that no such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Counties, Parishes,

Townships, Hamlets, Villages, Places, or Inhabitants, shall, by virtue of this Act, or any thing herein contained, be discharged from any such Repairs.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees Trustees may shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to erect erect Post Posts and Rails upon or on the Sides of any Footpaths adjoining the and Rails to said Roads, at such Places as they may think necessary and proper, and Pr^ectFoot’ if any Person or Persons shall pull down, injure, or destroy any such P

Posts or Rails, he or they shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Ex- Expences of pences of procuring and passing this Act shall be in the first Place paid th? Act to be and discharged out of the Tolls already collected or to be collected, out j^thlb^6" of the Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, within the North the several and respective Roads or Districts mentioned in this present District and Act, in the Proportions following; that is to say, Three-fourth Parts of One-fourth such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall be paid, borne, and defrayed ^strfct °Uth out of the Tolls collected or to be collected, or out of the Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit of the Stockbridge and Waltham Roads and the North District of the Southampton Road, and the remaining One-fourth Part shall be paid, borne, and defrayed out of the Tolls collected or to be collected, or out of the Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit of the South District of the Southampton Road.

[Public Act.]

XLI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

[Local.

SE

386

Terra of this Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from and out of the Road leading from Quebec in Leeds, to Homefield Lane End in Wortley, to communicate with the Road leading from Huddersfield to Birstall, at Smithie's Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[2d May 1823.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from, and to communicate with the Turnpike Road from Quebec, in the Parish of Leeds, to a Place called Homefield Lane End in the same Parish, between the Bridge over the Leeds and Liverpool Canal and Homefield Lane End, to and to communicate with the Turnpike Road from Huddersfield to Birstall at Smithie’s Lane in the Township of Gomersall, in the West Riding of the County of York, and to pass through the several Hamlets or Townships of Wortley, Holbeck, Beeston, Farnley, Churwell, Mor ley, Gildersome, Drighlington, Adwalton, and Gomersall, in the Parishes of Leeds, Batley, and Birstall, in the West Riding of the County of York, would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Merchants, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants residing in the Neighbourhood of the said several Townships, Parishes, and Places, and [Local.'] 5 F to

390 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

to the Public at large, by opening a more easy and speedy Communication between the manufacturing Towns of Leeds and Huddersfield, and other manufacturing Places in the Neighbourhood thereof; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present 3G.4. c. 126. Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Appointment That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the West Riding of Trustees, of the County of York for the Time being, together with Edward Arm's t age, William Aldam, Sir John Beckett Baronet, Christopher Beckett, Thomas Beckett, William Beckett, John Blayds, John Blayds the younger, George Banks, James Brown, William Williams Brown, Charles Brown, Fountaine Brown, Richard Bramley, George Bischojf \ James Brook, James Bilb rough, Charles Chadwick, Francis Chorley, C J Clark,

Lepton Dobson, Sir James Graham Baronet, Benjamin Gaskell, Benjamin Gott, Matthew Gaunt, William Gelderd, John Goodman, George Goodman, Benjamin Hird Doctor of Medicine, William Hudson, William Hirst, Thomas George Jaques, William Lupton, John Marshall, Joseph Mellin, Robert Nicholson, William Newton, William Perfect, Thomas Benson Pease, Peter Rhodes, James Rhodes, William Rhodes, John William Rhodes, Norrison Schatcherd, Benjamin Sadler, William Smith, William Sheepshanks, Henry Skelton, Thomas Tennant, Richard Fountayne Wilson, Christopher Wilson, John Wormald, Henry Wormald, John Wilson, Ard Walker, John White, John Wigglesworth, Richard Walker, and John Westerman and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making and maintaining in Repair the said Road, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

Powers of

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provi-3G.4. c. 126. sions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, Sis Act*to ant* ^ngs contained in the said recited Act, (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act), shall be as g6od, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect and appoint any Number of Persons (not exceeding Five in the whole, in addition to the Number of Trustees herein named and appointed), to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and such Persons so elected and appointed, and being duly qualified according to the Provisions or Directions of the said recited Act, and having taken and subscribed the Oath, or being a Quaker, having made and subscribed the Affirmation in the said Act mentioned, shall be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act as if they had been herein named.

Power to appoint additional Trustees.

4

IV. Pro.

4° GEORGII IV. i.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act is directed and prescribed, and unless being so qualified he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee, (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation mentioned in the said recited Act, and the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe, or being of the People called Quakers, shall make and subscribe before One or more of the said Trustees, (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same), the Oath or Affirmation following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, [ or being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly 4 affirm,] That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of my 4 Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and

* Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the

* Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, 6 intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act~\, and of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled

4 [here set forth the Title of the Act.f 4 So help me GOD.*

4 [Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words 4 So help me God.*]

And if any Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, (or being of the People called Quakers, have made and subscribed such Affirmation), every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the . Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Pro* ceeding touching the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath (or being of the People called Quakers, to make and subscribe the Affirmation) by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Proceedings shall be as .valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath, or made such Affirmation, previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for executing this Act shall meet together at the Court House in Leeds aforesaid, or some other convenient Place in Leeds aforesaid, on the Third Wednesday after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall and may then, and from Time to Time after, adjourn to and meet at such Times and at such Place or Places in Leeds aforesaid, as they shall think proper; and in case a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act shall not appear at any Time and Place appointed for a Meeting, then the Trustees or Trustee appearing at such Time and Place, or if no Trustee shall appear, then the Clerk shall and they and he are and is hereby respectively authorized to adjourn the Meeting to the Place where the same was appointed to have been held, and to such Time as they or he shall think fit, not being more than Thirty Days, nor sooner than Fourteen Days from the Day of such last intended Meeting; and

391

Trustees to be sworn.

Meetings of Trustees.

392

If no Adjournment be made, the Clerk or Two Trustees may call a Meeting by Notice.

Powers of the Act may be executed by Three or more Trustees.

No Order to be revoked, unless Five Trustees present.

Meetings on Emergencies,

4° GEORGII IV. xvi.

in case at any Time no Adjournment of any Meeting or intended Meeting shall be made as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk to the said Trustees, or for any Two or more of such Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, to call a Meeting of the Trustees by Notice to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the said Road, appointing the Trustees to meet at such Time and Place in Leeds aforesaid as the said Clerk or the said Trustees respectively giving such Notice shall think proper, not exceeding Thirty Days, nor sooner than Fourteen Days from the Date of advertising such Meeting; and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act, or the said recited Act, given to the said Trustees, and all the Matters and Things by this Act or the said recited Act directed or authorized to be done by the said Trustees, shall and may be executed and done by or before the Majority of the Trustees assembled at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, the whole Number present not being less than Three, and the same shall be of as full Force and Effect as if executed or done by or before all the Trustees for executing this Act (except in such Cases where any such Power, Authority, Matter, or Thing is by this Act or the said recited Act particularly directed or authorized to be executed or done by any other Number of Trustees, or in any other Manner); and at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, a Chairman shall or may be appointed; and in all Cases where there shall be an Equality of Votes upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) such Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote; and all Orders made under the Powers and Provisions of this Act may be revoked or altered if Occasion shall require, provided that no such Order shall be revoked or altered, except at some Meeting where not less than Five Trustees shall be present, nor unless the major Part of the Trustees so present shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration, nor unless Three or more Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk, under their Hands, and also cause Notice to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the said Road, specifying that such Revocation or Alteration is intended to be moved for Twenty-one Days at least previous to any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose; and the Trustees shall at their several Meetings pay their own Expences, except any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings per Diem for the Use of the Room wherein they shall meet.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary, for the better Execution of this Act, that the said Trustees should meet on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk to the Trustees, by or under an Order in Writing, signed by Two or more Trustees, or for any Two or more Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting), to call a Meeting of the Trustees, to be held at such Time and Place in Leeds aforesaid, as they shall think proper, by Notice mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such Meeting, to be inserted in some public Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then standing or being across the said Road

4° GEORGfil IV. 303

(such Time being not less than Fourteen Days after Publication of siicR Notice); and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment: Provided always, that no other Business than what shall be specified in such Notice shall be transacted at any such Meeting.

• ;f; "i , , Va L .•> ,> . - • CiU . .LfOftlGl *iU • ii i y<4 1»-

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any of their Appointment Meetings shall and may frofti Time to Time appoint a Clerk, Trea- of Officers* surer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor

or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, artd from Time to Time temove iny such Officer or Officers, and on the Death br Rehioval of any such Officer or Officers may appoint another or others in his or their Stead; and every such Appointment and Removal shall be entered in the Bobk of the Proceedings of the Trustees; and Tefi Days Notice shall be inserted in sonife public Newspaper usually circulated iri the Neighbourhood of the said Road, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates standing or being across the said Road, of every Meeting where any such Appointment or Renidval shall be intended to be made after the first Meeting of the said Trustees, specifying the Intention of appointing or retrieving such Officer bf.

Officers; and the said Trustees shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act; to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances fb such Officers and other Persons employed, or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services ih or about the carrying this Act into Execution; as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall riot be Clerk not to lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed act as Trea" to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner bf any such Clerk: or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or j£rri|)loy of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, of being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act j or if aiiy such Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other thari that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence; forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pouhds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit irt anjr bf His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or bn , the Case, or by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, rior more than One Imparlance shall be allotted.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees Treasurer, shall, and they are hereby authorized, directed, and required to take Tsuf- &c-gbe ficient Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers acting by virtue of this Security*

Act, for the due and faithful Execution bf his or their Office, and also

[Local.'] 5 G shall

394

Trustees may appoint temporary Collectors,

Officers to account, and pay over Balances.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

shall or may take such Security from any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, or any other Officer acting in Execution of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls hereby granted shall neglect or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, or shall otherwise misbehave or misconduct himself, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the Trustees appointed by vifrtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver, and in such case, and also in case any Collector or Receiver shall die, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the Trustees, or until removed by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, which Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as if he or they had been nominated and appointed at a Meeting called and held in pursuance of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Clerk, Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor and other Officer, who shall be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time within Twenty-one Days after being thereunto required by Notice signed by Two or more of the said Trustees, given to him or them, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they for that Purpose shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under his or their Hand or respective Hands of all Monies whicht shall have been by him or them respectively had, collected, or received by virtue of this Act, and how and to whom and for what Purpose the same and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments; and all such Officers or Persons shall and they are hereby respectively required, within Fourteen Days after so exhibiting their Accounts, or within such other further Time as the said Trustees shall order or appoint, to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their or his Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the same, or to pay the Balance remaining in their or his Hands within the Time or in Manner aforesaid, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Two or more of them shall appoint to take the same, within Fourteen Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings, in their respective Custody or Power, in anywise relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road, and: Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any|Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall live or reside, by the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons by them authorized on their Behalf, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to summon such Officer or Officers or Person or Persons to appear before him; and in case such Officer or Officers or Person or Persons shall not

appear

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi. 395

appear upon such Summons (the same having been served upon him or them personally, or left at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode, and no reasonable Cause or Causes to the Satisfaction of the said Justice being shewn for such Non-appearance) to issue a Warrant or Warrants for the Apprehension of such Officer or Officers or Person or Persons j and it shall be lawful for such Justice, upon the Appearance of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, upon such Summons, or upon his or their being apprehended and brought before such Justice by virtue of such Warrant, or upon his or their having absconded or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in the same Manner as the Trustees might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, against, whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to ,such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been so had, collected, and received, shall be in the Hand n of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, such Justice may and <l

he is hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof* by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers or Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the same, or if such Officer or Officers or Person or Persons appearing, or being brought before the said Justice in manner aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to such Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts,

Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place where he or they shall live or reside, or to any House of Correction within the same, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his and their Accounts, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his or their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, as shall have been made by virtue of this Act in respect thereof, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the same, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), or until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees or to such Justice; but no such Officer or other Person who shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress only, shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said For erecting Trustees to erect and set up or build, or cause to be erected, set up, or TurnPlkes*

built,

396

Toll Houses becoming useless may be sold.

Power to take Tolls.

Tolls.

4° GEORGII IV Cap

built, upon, in, or across the said Road by this Act directed or authorised to be made and maintained, or any Part thereof, or upon or across any public Road, Lane, or Way leading to the same, or any Part thereof, when, where, and as they shall judge necessary, any Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Gate or Side Gates, Side Bar or Side Bars, br Chain or Chains, and any Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, and also One or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with Out-hoUses and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Toll Gate and Weighing Machine, and to take in and inclose on the Sides of the said Road suitable Garden Spots for such Toll House or Toll Houses, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre each, as they shall think necessary j and from Time to Time to take down and remove or alter or discontinue tha same, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and direct or appoint.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said Road absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses to be erected on the said Road by virtue of this Act, together with the Ground whereon the same may stand, and all Out-houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances belonging thereunto, whenever the same shall be considered by the said Trustees to be useless or unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of any such Sale being made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens and Premises, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money to the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall hold and enjoy the Premises in Fee Simple, discharged from all Trusts and free from ail Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of the Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Mis-applica-tion or Non-application thereof: Provided always, that such and the like Preference and Priority of purchasing the Premises so to be sold shall always be given to the Owner or Owners of the next adjoining Land as is by the said recited Act directed to be given in case of the Sale of any Piece or Pieces of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of a Turnpike Road, and for that reason sold by the Trustees under the Powers of the said recited Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed Collector or Collectors of the Tolls to be taken by virtue of this Act, to demand and take the Tolls herein-after mentioned, at the several and respective Toll Gates or Turnpikes or Toll Houses or Side Gates or Side Bars or Chains which shall be erected or placed by virtue of this Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Coach, Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis-a-vis, Barouche, Phaeton, Chaise Marine, Calash, Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whisky, Hearse, Litter, Chaise, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

, For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox or Bullock, drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number:

And, y:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number.

Which said Sums of Money or Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, Ass, Beast or other Cattle, Coach, Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, shall he permitted to pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike or Side Gate or Side Bar or Chain, which shall be erected or placed by virtue of this Act in, upon, or across the said Road, or any Part thereof, or in, upon, or across any Lane or Way leading into the same j and which said respective Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act in manner herein-after directed.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Tolls10 be shall have paid the Toll hereby authorized to be taken for the passing paidbutOnce of any Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage through any One of such Toll a Day* Gates, Turnpikes, or Side Gates, such Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage

shall, upon a Ticket denoting such Payment on that Day being produced, be permitted to pass Toll-free through the same Toll Gate, Turnpike or Side Gate, and also through such other Gate or Gates, if any, as the Ticket for such Payment shall free, at any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein No move contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to empower the than One full said Trustees, or any Collector or Collectors, to demand or take more than One full Toll for or in respect of the same Horse, Beast, Car- wholeLineof riage or Cattle, for passing or repassing at any Time or Times in any Road, one Day (to be computed as aforesaid) through all or any of the Toll Gates, Turnpikes or Side Gates along the whole Line of the said Road.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Tolls stage hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Coaches, &c. Beasts of Draught drawing any Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, pay *verY^ or Stage Waggon, or other such Public Carriage conveying Passengers in^e° pabS' or Goods for Pay or Reward, every Time of passing or repassing along

the said Road.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby Horses draw-

made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or Beasts of ingPost Draught drawing any Post Chaise or other such like Carriage let out to Chaises to be hire, for every Time of passing along the said Road, whenever any new Toll onIB Hiring thereof shall be made. every new

' [Im/.] 5 ll

XIX. And Hiring.

397

398

Table of Tolls to be put up at every Gate,

Lessees or Persons appointed by them may occupy Toll Houses.

Enabling Trustees to take Possession of Tollhouses when let to farm.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to put up and affix, or cause to be put up artd affixed, and afterwards to be continued at every Toll Gate or Bar on the said Road, in a conspicuous Place, a Table of the Tolls by this Act granted, painted in distinct and legible Black Letters on a Board with a White -Ground, and at the Top of such Board the usual Name of the Gate at which the same shall be affixed, and also a List of the several Gates which ' shall be Wholly or partially cleared by the Payment of Toll at the Toll Gate or Bar where such Table of Tolls shall be affixed, and specifying which of them shall be wholly and which of them shall be partially so cleared-

* XX- And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the Tolls arising on the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised Or let to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall authorize or appoint, to occupy and enjoy the Toll House or Toll Houses at which the said Tolls sb let are to be collected and to arise, with all the Appurtenances and Conveniences to the same Toll House or Toll Houses belonging, for the Purpose of collecting such Tolls during so long Time only as such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall duly and regularly pay his, her, or their Rent ot Rents, and perform the Covenants, Agreements and Conditions of such Lease, Demise or Letting, but no further or otherwise.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls arising on the said Road shall be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers or any Part of Instalment thereof, shall be in arrear or unpaid for the Space of Three Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid, pursuant to the Lease, Agreement or Contract for demising or lotting thereof or in case such Lease, Agreement, or Contract shall in any other Manner become void, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, upon Application made by the said Trustees, or by any Person by them appointed on their Behalf, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of every or any Toll House, Toll Gate, Bar or Chain, or Weighing Machine, and the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging in the Day-time, and to remove and put such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the 1’olls arising thereout respectively, or other the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the same, and from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls* and to give to the said Trustees, or other . Persons acting by or under their Authority, Possession thereof j and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall think fit, to vacate and determine the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee Or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall accordingly be utterly void to ali Intents and , 8 , Purposes',

• 4" GEORGII IV.

Purposes (save as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other unperformed or broken Obligations, Covenants, or Agreements on the Lessee’s Part), as if such Lease,

Agreement, or Contract had never been made; and it shall and may be lawful for th^ said Trustees in every such case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected in such and the same Manner as if no former Lease, Agreement, or Contract had been made relative thereto-

XXIL. And bejt further enacted, That the several and respective Subscribers Persons who have subscribed for or agreed to advance any Money for and to pay their towards the making or maintaining the said Road, shall and they are here- Subscrip-by required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed within such 110ns*

Time and Times, and in such Parts and Proportions as is or are expressed in the Writing subscribed by them, or as the said Trustees shall order and direct, and the same shall be demanded by and paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall by any Writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sue for the same in the Name of any One of such Trustees, or of their Clerk, and to recover the same, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, ov Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed and all such Monies shall be vested in the said Trustees, and applied as herein-after mentioned.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already sub- Application scribed or to be subscribed or advanced for the Purpose of making the of the Tolls, said Road, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, or out and Moneyto of the first Money which shall arise or be received from the Tolls by this be orrovve(h Act granted, the said Trustees shall in the first Place pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act, with Interest for the same; and the Remainder of all such Monies 50 subscribed or to be subscribed, advanced, or borrowed, shall be applied in defraying the Expences of making the said Road, and in purchasing Lands and Hereditaments and Materials for the Purpose, and in erecting, making, or providing Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Bars, Gates, Chains, Weighing Machines, Toll Houses, with Outhouses and Conveniences, also Footpaths, Causeways, Bridges, Ditches, Fences, Rails, Posts, Boards,

JLamps, Books, and other Matters and Things necessary or requisite for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution; and after Payment of all such Expences, the Remainder, if any, of such Monies, and all Monies which shall arise or be received from the Tolls by this Act granted, or otherwise, shall from Time to Time be applied in keeping down the Interest of the Monies subscribed or advanced for the Purposes of the said Road, and which may be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and in amending and keeping in Repair the said Road, and the Toll Gates and Toll Houses, and in otherwise putting this Act into Execution; and lastly, in repaying the Principal Monies subscribed or advanced for the Purposes of the said^Road, or which shall be borrowed by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act.

400

Road to be made according to the Map or Plan deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace.

Lands marked in the Plan, may be used, notwithstanding Errors in the Book of Reference.

Power to take down Buildings for making the Road.

Trustees restrained from pulling down Dwelling Houses, &c. without the Consent of the Owner.

4° GEOR G 11 IV. Cap. xvi.

XXIV. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said J Road, and the Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises through or over which the same is to be made or carried, together with a Book of Re* ference, containing a List of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding, and also with the Clerk of the Peace for the Borough of Leeds; be it therefore enacted, rlhat the said Map or.Plan and the Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding, and for the said Borough of Leeds, to the End that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference } and that the said Trustees in making the said Road shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Premises such Deviation shall be made,

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Road into, through, across, or over the several Lands, Hereditaments, or Premises of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Lands or Premises over which the same is or are set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted or inistated in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, for the Purpose of making the said Road, to pull down, or take and use, and lay into the said Road, any Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A.), making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the same, or for the Damage they may sustain thereby.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act for making the said Road, or given by the said recited Act, for amending, altering, turning, widening, and improving the same, shall not extend or be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Curtilage, Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, Lawn, Shrubbery, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof, or other Person interested therein first had and obtained, except such as ara mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) .

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. x\i.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to make, erect, or place sufficient Fences on the Sides of the said Road where the same shall pass through or over any private Lands, Fields or Grounds; and after such Fences shall be made, the same shall be for ever thereafter the Property of the Persons or Parties on whose Lands, Fields or Grounds the same shall have been made, erected,or placed; and shall be supported and maintained by or at the Expence of the Owners or Proprietors or Occupiers of the Lands, Fields, or Grounds whereon such Fences shall have been so made, erected, or placed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses of a sufficient Depth and Breadth for keeping the said Road dry and conveying the Water from the same, shall be made by the said Trustees or their Surveyor or other Officer, on the Sides of the said Road, and also, where necessary, into or through any Lands or Grounds adjoining to or lying near the said Road (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House) at the Expence of the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; and sufficient Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, Tunnels, or Plats shall be made by the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or other Officer, where any Carriageways or Footways lead into or out of or cross the said Road, also at the Expence of the said Trustees, out of the Monies aforesaid, any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Ditches, Drains and Watercourses, Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, Tunnels or Plats, when made and completed by the said Trustees, shall for ever afterwards be scoured, cleansed and kept open, repaired and maintained by the Occupiers of the adjoining Lands or Grounds; but all such new Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, Tunnels, and Plats as shall cross or pass in or under the said Road, shall be scoured, cleansed and kept open, repaired and maintained by the said Trustees, subject to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding or Place in which the said Road, or any Part thereof lies, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road or any Part thereof lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to, be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the

[Local.~] 5 I serving

401

Fences to Road by whom to be made and kept in repair.

Ditches, Drains, Bridges, &c. by whom to be made and cleansed.

Statute

Labour.

Justices to

determine

Differences

touching

Statute

Work.

4° GEORGII IV. C«jb.xvl.

serving of svlch Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject or liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors by their Order, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division or Place, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees), shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn oft' or discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road $ and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect <Jr pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place wherein such Surveyor or

5 Surveyors

403

4° GEORGII IV. Gap.son.

Surveyors of the Highways shall live or reside, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such

Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize or appoint, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making or amending, repairing and maintaining the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for erecting Mile or Direction Stones or Posts, Bridges, Culverts or Arches thereon or therein, or for doing any other Works to be performed in the Execution of this Act, or the said recited Act, in such manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees by their Clerk, Surveyor or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, shall be binding on the said Trustees and their Successors, and upon all other Parties who shall sign the same, and the Executors and Administrators of such other Parties j and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum. or Sums of Money as shall be requisite for making, amending, repairing or maintaining the said Road, or any Part thereof, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against such Party or Parties, or Person or Persons so as aforesaid making default in fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. r

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and in case of as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to Nonpayment be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of the Di-

rections of the said recited Act or this Act, as or by way of Compen- Materials sation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil or Injury Damages or of any Nature or Kind whatsoever done or committed by the said Injury done Trustees, or arty Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees the game* tQc‘ or their Treasurer (which such Treasurer is hereby authorized and em? be levied by powered to do out of any Monies received or to be received by him distress of as such Treasurer by virtue of this Act) to the Party or Parties entitled Trustees

to the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been ^their"8 *

made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices from the Clerk to Treasurer, the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such case the amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application

Trustees may contract for making or repairing the Road, &c.

404

Trustees not

Ijersonally iable to Mortgages.

Penalty for certain Offences.

4° GEORGII IV.

tion made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to such Sum or Sums of Money, or Compensation or Satisfac-.tion aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall not be personally subject to or charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage or other Security, to be made to any Person or Persons lending or advancing any Sum or Sums of Money to the said Trustees upon the Credit of the Tolls and Revenues of the said Road, but all such Sum or Sums of Money shall be repaid out of the Tolls by this Act granted.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

whomsoever shall wilfully pull down, break, injure or damage any Table of Tolls put up or affixed at any Toll Gate or Bar on any Part of the said Road, or wilfully or designedly deface or obliterate any of the Inscriptions, Letters, Figures or Marks thereon; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up, throw down, break, injure or damage any Posts, Rails, or Fences to be placed or put up by Order of the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors, either by the Side or Sides of the said Road, or at or near to any Pit or Quarry which shall be used, opened or made for the getting of Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the Purposes of this Act, in order to prevent Accidents; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully cause any Damage or Injury to be done to any Bridge, Arch, Wall or other Building or Erection to be set up or erected by virtue of this Act on any Part of the said Road, or by the Side or Sides thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall cast or throw any Earth or Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing into any Drain, Ditch, Culvert, Tunnel, or other Watercourse made by virtue of this Act, so as to obstruct the Water from running or draining off the said Road; or if any Person or Persons shall, without being thereto authorized by the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being acting under this Act, shovel up, scrape, gather, or carry away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, Slutch, Dirt, Mire, Drift, or Soil from off any Footpath or Causeway, or any other Part of the said Road; or if any Person or Persons shall turn loose any Horse, Ass, Beast, Sheep, or Swine upon the said Road, or suffer any Horse, Ass, Beast, Sheep, or Swine to be turned loose, or to wander or stray, or to be or remain upon the said Road, to graze or depasture on the Sides thereof; or if any Person on Horseback meeting any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, or other Person on Horseback, upon the said Road, shall not keep his Horse on the Left or Near Side of the said Road j or if any Person or Persons shall dig, *-;r ’ ’ \ . make,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

405

make, or use any Pit or Pits for sawing of Timber or Wood on either Side of the said Road, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence; and every such Offender shall also pay to the said Trustees, or -their Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Person or Persons, in addition to the Penalty, such Sum of Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damage or Injury so done or occasioned to any such Table of Tolls, Post, Rail, Fence, Bridge, Arch, Wall, or other Building or Erection; and such Penalties and Damages shall be levied and recovered (together with the necessary Costs and Charges of levying the same), by the same Ways and Means, and in the like Manner as Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines are by the said recited Act directed or authorized to be levied, and One Moiety of such Penalties shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied or disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That where by this Act, or the Damages said recited Act, any Damages or Charges are directed or authorized to *nd Ch*r§e8 be paid or recovered in addition to any Penalty or Penalties for any Cascriiow to Offence or Offences, the Amount of such Damages or Charges, in case of be ascer-Dispute respecting the same, shall be settled, ascertained, and determined tained. by the Justice or Justices of the Peace by or before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any such Offence or Offences, and shall and may be levied and recovered by such and the like Ways and Means as any such Penalty or Penalties may be recovered by virtue of the said recited

[Public Act.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commenee-upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty- ment and one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

Act.

liament.

r'

5*

Schedule

406

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvI

Schedule (A.)

A House or Building owned by the Trustees of the Westleyan Methodist Society, and in the Occupation of Joseph Darnbrough.

Part of a Garden owned by the Trustees of Rebecca Tenant, and in the Occupation of Elizabeth Wood.

A Building and Part of a Yard and Garden owned by Mrs. Hardcastle, and in the Occupation of John Carter.

Part of a Wood called Farnley Wood, owned by and in the Occupation of the Earl of Cardigan.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

11

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cajp.xvii.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Roads between Newton Abbott and JBrixham, Kingswear and Dartmouth, Shaldon and Torquay, and several other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Devon.

[2d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the South End of Newton Abbott to the Passage Way in Kingswear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards Abbotskerswell to Five Lanes, and from Langvers Barn to the said Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, and from Galmpton Warborough to Monks Bridge and Brixham Quay, and from Langvers Barn to the North End of Paington Town, all in the County of Devon : And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Fifth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the South End of Newton Abbott, to the Passage Way in Kingswear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards Abbotskerswell to Five Lanes, and from Langvers Barn, to the said Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, and from Galmpton War-borough to Monks Bridge and Brixham Quay, and from Langvers Barn to the North End of Paington Town, all in the County of Devon : And [Local.'] 5 K whereas

5G.3. C. 69.

24 G. 3. c. 26«x

406

4° GEORGII IV. xvii.

whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-ninth Year of His said late 49G. 3.C. 56. Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, for repairing the Road from the South End of Newton Abbott to the Passage Way in Kings wear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Devon : And whereas another Act was passed in the same Fifth Year of His said 6 G. 3. c. 70. late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at Shaldon, and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour ^Torquay, in the County of Devon : And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His said late 27G. 3. c. 74. Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Fifth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at Shaldon, and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torquay, in the County ^Devon : And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-eighth Year 48G. 3. C. 66. of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled^ Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at Shaldon, and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torquay, in the County of Devon : And whereas another Act was passed in the Second Year of His 2 G. 4. c. 79. present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to Shaldon, and from the said Bridge to Torquay, in the County of Devon, and to alter the Line of certain Parts of the said Roads : And whereas in Execution of the said several Acts, considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby respectively granted, which Money cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair unless the Terms and Powers of the said respective Acts are.altered and enlarged, and some of the Tolls increased : And whereas several of the Roads which are comprized in the said recited Acts, are adjoining to and connected with each other; and it hath been found that it will tend to the Accommodation of the Public, and will be materially for the Benefit and Advantage of the Towns and Villages of Newton Abbott, Shaldon, Torquay, Torre, Paington, Brixham, Kingswear and Dartmouth, and the Inhabitants thereof, as well as to the intermediate Neighbourhood, which is very populous, if all the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts were united and consolidated in one Act of Parliament: And whereas, for the Purpose of avoiding Hills, and of making a more easy and expeditious Communication between the several Towns and Villages aforesaid, and the South Part of the said County of Devon, it is desirable that certain Parts of the present Roads should be discontinued as Turnpike Roads, and that other Roads should be formed in lieu thereof, and new Roads, avoiding the Steep and almost inaccessible Hills in the present Lines of Road, comprized under the said recited Acts, should be made and maintained, and be substituted for the said Roads so intended to be given up; but the same cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 3G.4. c. 126. jict iQ amenci the General Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

8 ment

4° GEORGII IV.

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Acts passed in the Fifth, Twenty-fourth, Twenty-seventh, Forty-eighth, and Forty-ninth Years of His late Majesty, and in the Second Year of His present Majesty, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed; and this Act shall commence and take Effect in lieu and instead thereof* and shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of making, amending, altering, improving, diverting, discontinuing, and keeping in repair the present Roads and Bridges, and the Roads and Bridges hereby authorized to be made.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied or altered by this Act), shall be as good* valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed, and are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said Acts, or any of them, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls granted by this Act; and all and every Person and Persons who may owe or be subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money to the respective Trustees of the said Roads, or to any other Person or Persons for the Benefit of the said Trusts, shall be liable to the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money to the respective Trustees for executing this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants and Agreements, Con-< tracts and Securities entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees respectively of the said Roads, or any of them, or to or with any Person or Persons on behalf of the said Trustees, according to the Provisions and Directions of the said recited Acts, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed, on account and for the Benefit of the Trusts created by this Act; and all Contracts or Agreements duly made or entered into by the respective Trustees of the said Roads, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the respective Trustees for executing this Act, according to the Terms or Stipulations thereof respectively, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said recited Acts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the said Turnpike Roads shall extend and be deemed and taken to extend from the South End of the Town of Newton Abbott aforesaid, to Aller Lane, in the Parish of Abbotskerswell aforesaid, adjoining to the present Dartmouth Turnpike Road on the South Side of Langford Bridge, and between the same and Kings her swell; and also unto and across Keyberry Bridge, and from thence to the Passage House at Shaldon in the Parish of Saint Nicholas $ and also Three hundred Yards

of

407

Recited Acts of 5 th, 24th, 27th, 48th, and 49 th G. 3. repealed.

Powers of 3 G. 4. extended to this Act.

New Term and Tolls liable to Debts entered into under former Acts.

Extent of the Roads.

408 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

of the Road leading from the East End of the said Bridge across Milber Down, towards Saint Mary Church, and from the same Bridge through Allerpark Lane, on the Eastern Side of Aller Farm, to Broadgate Tenement in Kingskerswell, and from thence through the Eastern End of the Village of Kingsker swell aforesaid, and through Southey Lane by Chaple-hill to the Hotel at Torquay; and also from Torquay by Fleet Mill to the Lime-kiln adjoining to Hoppaway Hill in Tormoham, through the several Parishes of IVoolborough, Coombeintinhead, Stokeintinhead, Saint Nicholas, Abbotskerswell, Coffinswell, Kingsker swell, Saint Mary Church and Tor mo-ham, in the said County of Devon; and also from or near to the South End of Chaplehill, in the said Parish of Tormoham, through the Parish of Cockington, and from thence across a Stream or Brook called Tuckingmill Stream, alias Hollacombe Lake, into the Parish of Paington, unto or near to Cleatland Cross in the same Parish, and from thence to Galmpton War-borough Turnpike House, and from thence through the Parish of Churston Ferrers by the Poor House, and Lupton Gate to Monks Bridge and Brix-ham Quay in the Parish of Brixham, through Burn Street and through the Road near to a Dwelling House occupied by Philip Gillard in the said Parish of Brixham; and also in the same Line of Road across Galmpton Warborough aforesaid, into and through a certain Road or Highway called Old Way Lane unto a Place called Collin's Grave, and from thence to the Passage Way at Kingswear aforesaid, and also from Brixham Turnpike Gate through the present Road or Highway unto Brixham Quay aforesaid; and also upon and over One hundred and twenty Yards in Length on the said Two Eastern and Western Roads, across Galmpton Warborough in the Parish of Churston Ferrers aforesaid; and also upon and over the Road or Highway from the North-west End of the Avenue leading to Torr Abbey, and from thence to Torre Cross; and also upon and over the Road in front of Torre Church to Prowse's Cellar Field, in the said Parish of Tormoham,

V. And be it further enacted, That the Road leading from or near to Cleatland Cross aforesaid, to the End of the Lane leading out of the present Turnpike Road to Aller Farm, called Aller Lane aforesaid; and also the Road from the End of the Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards Abbotskerswell aforesaid, and from thence to Five Lanes in the Parish of Marldon; and also the Road from the North End of the Town of Paington, to Langvers Barn, in the said Parish of Marldon, and from thence to the said Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and also the Road from Galmpton Turnpike Gate, across Galmpton Warborough through the Village of Galmpton, to Collins's Grave aforesaid (except One hundred and twenty Yards thereof in Length next adjoining to the said Galmpton Turnpike Gate; and also the Eastern Road leading from Galmpton Turnpike Gate aforesaid, across Galmpton Warborough aforesaid, by Churston Court (except One hundred and twenty Yards thereof in Length) next adjoining to the said Galmpton Turnpike House, shall be discontinued as Turnpike Roads, and cease to form Part of the Roads undef the Management of the said Trustees.

Trustees.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Devon, together with John Atkins, Thomas Abraham, Robert Abraham the younger, George Baker

Clerk,

Certain Roads to be discontinued as Turnpike Roads.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii. 409

Clerk, Nicholas Baker, John Moysey Bartlett, William Bartlett, William Bartlett the younger, John Adams Bartlett, Cristopher Bartlett, Henry Beake Doctor of Divinity, Finney Belfield Clerk, Finney Belfield the younger Clerk, John Finney Belfield, Robert Bradford Clerk, Thomas Langford Brown, Henry Langford Brown, Nicholas Brooking, Nicholas Brooking the younger, Bastard, Henry Browse, Henry Browse the younger, John

Buller Tarde Buller, Robert Butland, Gilbert Rutland, Sir Henry Carew Baronet, Walter Palk Carew, George Cary, Henry Cary, Samuel Codner,

James Nathaniel P. Cosserat, William Creed, William Creed the younger,

George Henry Cutler, William Courtenay, John Distin, Thomas Distin,

George Drake, George Drake the younger, John Eastly, Tard Eastly,

John Edwards Clerk, James Marwood Elton, Edward Elton, Richard Ford, George Ford, Christopher Farwett, William Farwell, James Somer* wile Fownes, John Tarde Fownes, Thomas Wilson France, Francis Garratt,

Philip Gillard, Nicholas Gillard, William Gillard, Joseph Garrow, Arthur Howe Holdsworth, Arthur Easterhrook Holdsworth, Robert Holdsworth Clerk, Henry Joseph Holdsworth, Henry Holdsworth, William Hockin,

William Hole, Thomas Holdsworth Hunt, John Hine, Arthur Hunt,

Richard Hunt, Nicholas Hunt, Thomas Hunt, Jacob Harvey, William Kitson Clerk, Thomas Kitson Clerk, Edward Addicott Kitson Clerk,

Edward Kitson, John Lane Kitson Clerk, Sir John Louis Baronet,

Thomas Louis, George Ley, Samuel Langley, John Fownes Luttrell, Edmond Lyons, Jeffery Lang, Roger Mallock Clerk, Roger Mallock the younger,

Rawlin Mallock, Aaron Neck Clerk, Lydston Newman, William Newman,

Robert William Newman, Thomas Newman, Benjamin Wynn Ottley, Sir Lawrence Vaughan Palk Baronet, Lawrence Palk, Wilmot Henry Palk Clerk, Montague Edmund Parker, Montague Edmund Parker the younger,

Walter Prideaux, Walter Prideaux the younger, Richard Tapper Parsons,

William Rowe, William Rendle, John Seale, John Henry Seale, Henry Paul Seale, Charles Hayne Seale, Henry Studdy, Thomas Bradridge Studdy,

Henry Studdy the younger, John Shepherd, John Shepherd the younger,

John Sheepshanks Clerk, John Brown Smith, William Stracey Clerk,

John Templer Clerk, Pierce Joseph Taylor, Thomas William Taylor, George Templer, John Waite, Ayshford Wise, William WiIking, Thomas Westcott Clerk, Bourchier William Wrey Clerk, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for putting the said last recited Act and this Act in Execution.

VII. And be it further enacted'. That it shall and may be lawful for Bower to the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby ^diSonal authorized and empowered, at their first Meeting to be holden in pur- Trustees, suance of this Act, to elect any Number of Persons not exceeding Five

in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act and the said last recited Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed, and such Trustees so elected shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this and the said last recited Act, as if they had been named and appointed by this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Trustees to shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act and the said take an Oath last recited Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such truly to exe-Manner as in and by the said last recited Act is directed and prescribed* cute the Acts. and unless (being so qualified) he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee,

(except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last recited Act,

[Local.5 L and

410

Oath.

Meetings of the Trustees.

Old Officers may continue until others are appointed.

4° GEORGII IV. xvii.

and the Oath herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe before any One or more of the said Trustees an Oath, or being a Quaker an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

4 J A.B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do affirm]] That I will truly,

* honestly, and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed ‘ in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, &c. e [here insert the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third 4 Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the

* general Laws now in being, for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part

4 of Great Britain called England. So help me GOD.*

Which Oath or Affirmation any one or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said last recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory j but all such Acts and Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall meet at the Crown and Anchor at Paington, or at some other convenient House or Place on or near the said Road, on the Twentieth Day of May next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as may be convenient, for the Purpose of carrying the said last recited Act and this Act into Execution: Provided always, that the general Monthly and other Meetings of the Trustees shall be holden at Torquay, Dartmouth, or Paington, and Quarterly Meetings at Torquay, Dartmouth, or JSewton Abbott.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor and other Officer and Officers (except the Treasurer) nominated and appointed under and by virtue of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees; and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and this Act, into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he or they had been nominated or appointed under or by v^tue of this Act.

4

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who have been employed, or who shall have received any Tolls, or other Money by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or who shall have in their Custody or Possesion any Books; Accounts, Papers, Writings, or Things relating to the said Roads, shall account, pay, and deliver over the same to the said Trustees, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as are by the said last recited Act inflicted in respect to the several Persons receiving any Monies, or having the Possession of any Books, Writings, or other Things by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act. v

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall and may, as they shall think proper, continue or remove all or any of the Toll Gates under their Management, erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may be erected by virtu of this Act, shall and may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, any other Toll Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, in* upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads under their Management, and upon the Sides thereof respectively, and also across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the same (except as is herein-after mentioned), and may also continue, erect, or provide a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniences, at or near each Toll Gate; and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, or discontinue such Toll Gates or Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think expedient; and also may take in and inclose from the said Roads convenient Garden Spots for the said Toll Houses respectively, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre to each Toll House.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses, erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, on the said Roads, to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Out-houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple, and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances

411

Books used under former Acts to be Evidence.

Officers under the former Act to account to the Trustees for executing this Act.

Trustees may erect Gates.

Power to sell the present Toll Houses.

412

Power to take Tolls.

Tolls.

Stage Coaches, Caravans,and Post Chaises to pay every Time of passing.

Chaises with fresh Hiring.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. XVII.

cumbrances whatsoever, and shal lnot be obliged to see,to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given, where any Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Old Road not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by virtue of this Act, Collector or Collectors of Tolls at the several and respective Gates erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to demand and take the several Tolls and Duties following, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same $ (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Animal, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, Berlin, Barouche, Chair, Gig, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every such Carriage with Four Wheels affixed to any Waggon or Cart, One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every such Carriage with Two Wheels affixed to any Waggon or Cart, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Burthen not drawing, One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, Ten-pence per Score, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Animal drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbril, Dray, Sledge, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Ten-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Animal drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbril, Dray, or other such Carriage, laden with Timber, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence:

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Tolls, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied as herein-after is directed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the several Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid; and the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing

along

413

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

along the said Roads, on the same Day, with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Carts, Waggons, Horses, or other Carriages or Cattle used for drawing or carrying Culm solely for burning Lime for Manure, or for the Carriage of Lime to be used in the Improvement of Land.

XVIII. And whereas it hath been deemed necessary to erect a Turnpike Gate near Tucking Mill Stream alias Hollacombe Lake, in order to provide a Fund for making and repairing that Part of the said Road, and to prevent Fraud and Evasion in Payment of the Tolls on other Parts of the said Roads; but that in consequence of the short Distance Travellers on the said new Road will pass through such new Gate, it hath been proposed that only Half Toll shall be collected at such new Gate; be it therefore further enacted, That when a Turnpike Gate or Toll House shall be erected between Tucking Mill Brook alias Hollacombe Lake and Paington, only One Half of the Tolls which shall be payable at the several other Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads for Horses or other Animals drawing any Waggons, Carts, or other Wheel Carriages, shall be paid upon passing through such Toll Gate near Tucking Mill Brook alias Hollacombe Lake aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to erect and build one or more Turnpike or Toll House, Turnpikes or Toll Houses, anywhere between the South End of the said Town of Newton Abbott and Keyberry Bridge aforesaid, in lieu of the present Keyberry Bridge Gate, and another Turnpike or Toll House on the Western Side of the Tucking Mill Stream alias Hollacombe Lake aforesaid, and between such Stream and the Town of Paington; and that the Tolls by this Act and the said last recited Act granted shall be charged and payable at the present Keyberry Bridge Gate until the said new Gate is erected as aforesaid; and from thence, such Toll shall be taken at the Gate or Gates so to be erected between Newton Abbott and Keyberry Bridge: Provided always, that no Toll Gate or Toll House shall at any Time be erected or set up between the Town of Paington and Cleatland Cross, or between the said Tucking Mill Stream or Hollacombe Lake, and Chaplehill aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than One full Toll shall be demanded or be payable for any Horse or other Animal drawing any Sort of Wheel Carriage, which shall pass on the same Day through all the Turnpike Gates erected on the Road from the South End of Newton Abbott to Brixham Quay, or the Passage Way at Kingswear, or to Paington, Torquay, or Shaldont unless the said Trustees, at any public Meeting to be held in pursuance of Notice to be given for that Purpose, shall order that another or additional Half Toll shall be collected for carrying the Purposes of this Act and the last recited Act into Execution; and in that case, such Half Toll shall be collected and paid for every Horse or other Animal drawing any such Wheel Carriage, Waggon, or Cart, as shall pass through the said Galmpton Warborough Gate, and Keyberry or Newton Abbott Gate on the same Day; but that in no case shall more than One full Toll and a Half be payable for any

[Local,'] 5 M Wheel

Exemption from Part of the Toll.

Half a Toll only to be taken at the Gate between Holla-combe Lake and Paington.

Trustees may set up certain Gates.

No'Gate to be erected between Paington and Cleatland Cross, &c.

Limiting the Toll to be taken on Wheel Carriages on the Road between Newton Abbott and Brixham Quay, &c.

414

Leases

vacated.

Application of Money.

Road to be made according to the Map or Plan deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace.

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

Wheel Carriage, Waggon, or Cart, or Cattle drawing the same, for passing on the same Day through the Gates erected or to be erected on the Road between the South End of Newton Abbott and Brixham Quay, or the Passage at Kingswear aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June next, all Demises, Leases, and Agreements for Leases of the Tolls heretofore granted shall cease and be void; and the said Trustees are hereby required to make a fair and just Compensation and Satisfaction to the present Lessee or Lessees of the said Tolls, for any Loss or Damage which he, she, or they shall and may sustain thereby, in case the same shall be demanded; and such Compensation and Satisfaction shall and may be recovered by such Lessee or Lessees from the said Trustees, in case of Refusal to make the same, on Demand made to their Clerk or Treasurer, by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which before the Commencement of this Act shall have been raised or produced by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, and which shall remain undisposed of, as also all other Monies which shall arise or be produced by virtue of this and the said last recited Act, shall be paid, disposed of, and

-applied to and for the several Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; (that is to say), in the first Place, in Payment of all the Costs, Charges and Expences which shall be incurred in applying for and obtaining and passing this Act; in the second Place, in Payment of the Interest now due or that shall become due on the Debt and Debts, Sum and Sums of Money which shall be due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts at the Time of passing this Act, and afterwards in defraying the Expences of purchasing the Houses and Lands which have been, or shall or may be necessary for the making and completing the said Roads and keeping the same in repair, and in erecting and building the Hedges, Fences, and Bridges already begun, or hereafter to be begun, and for erecting Mile Stones, Direction or other Posts, Toll Gates and Toll Houses, by the said last recited Act or this Act authorized or required to be made or set up; and in the last Place, in paying off and discharging the Principal Monies which have been borrowed by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or hereafter to be borrowed, contracted, or secured, with the Interest of the Debts to be borrowed by virtue of this Act or the said last recited Act; which Reduction, Payment and Discharge last-mentioned, shall be made rateably or by Lot among all the Creditors, as the said Trustees shall think just and proper, without any Priority or Preference whatsoever.

XXIII. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Line of the said intended Road, and the Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises through or over which the same is to be made or carried, together with a Book of Reference, containing a List of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Devon $ be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and the Book of

' io Reference

415

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of Five Shillings for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees in Trustees in making the said Road shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards making the of Three Feet each from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, Jj^te more without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Per- than j qo sons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Yards. Premises such Deviation shall be made.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Lands may Houses or Lands laid down or described in the Line of Road on the be use(* not-Map or Plan thereof, or the Occupiers of any Part thereof, shall be mis- withstanding

> , , , , , r . T. . misnomer in

named or inaccurately described or be omitted, such Misnomer, inaccurate the Qf Description or Omission, shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Reference. Act in respect of the said intended new Roads; but the several Premises and every Part thereof shall and may be purchased for the Purposes thereof, as fully and effectually as if the same were inserted and properly named; provided it shall appear to any Two Justices of the Peace of the said County, and be certified in Writing under their Hands, that such Misnomer, inaccurate Description or Omission, proceeded from Mistake; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time to make, vary, or alter the said Roads, of any Part thereof, first making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers and Persons interested for the Lands taken and Damage done thereby } and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or their Clerk or Agent to treat and contract with the Owners of and Persons interested in the Lands and Hereditaments through which any Part of Such Roads shall be intended to pass, for the Purchase thereof respectively, and for the Loss or Damage which shall or may be sustained by varying or altering the Line of any Part of such Road.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Power and Autho- Trustees rities hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to em- restrained power or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Garden, ing Houses Yard, Park, Paddock, Planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any without Con-inclosed Ground, planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any sent of the Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner °wner3, or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained, other than and except so much and such Part of such Dwelling Houses or other Buildings, Gardens,

Yards, Parks, Paddocks, planted Walks, Avenues, and Nurseries for Trees, as are described in the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference as aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Trustees not he lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or appoint Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks, in p^o^to the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, Two Offices, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or

Employ

416

Bridge over Hallacombe Lake may be removed.

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trustees Or their Treasurer.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act; or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act j and if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to remove the present Bridge across the Stream called Tucking Mill Stream or Hollacombe Lake, between the said Parishes of Cockington and Paington, and to build another Bridge, and make a new Road thereto higher up on the same Stream, in lieu of the present Bridge across the said Stream, and from thenceforth the Road now leading to the present Bridge shall, on each Side thereof from the Commencement of the said new Road, cease to be a Road.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Fourteen Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment

4° GEORGII IV. C^.xvii. 417

Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are Regulations or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards as to Per-Tepairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still ^tJ1uat"ce remain liable thereunto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes,

Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish,

Township, or Place to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Three Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work fp be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and alsq the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to dp Sfa* tute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time orc^er, direct and appoint j and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct \ and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given [Local.]] S N Ui

418

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

4° GEORGII IV. xvii.

to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyorsof the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor of the said Trustees; and in all Cases when such Composition shall have been fixed and settled by the said Justices, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to demand and receive Payment thereof in Money, in lieu of Statute Labour or Work on the said Roads.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall' be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence from the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xviii.

An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal Company to borrow a further Sum

HE RE AS an Act was passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the 57G.3. c.lvi.

Lothian Road, near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk in the County of Stirling, whereby certain Persons were incorporated by the Name and Style of " The Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal Company," with Powers to make the said Canal and other Works, in manner therein set forth, and to raise and borrow certain Sums of Money for that Purpose: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty,

Intituled An Act for altering and amending an Act for making and main- 59 g. 3. taining a navigable Canal from the Lothian Road, near the City of Edin- c. xxix. burgh, to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling: And whereas another Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending 1 &2G. 4. certain Acts for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian c-cxxu-Road, near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk in the County of Stirling; and giving Power to borrow a further Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts : And whereas the said Company have raised and borrowed all the Sums of Money authorized to be raised and borrowed by the said recited Acts, and have applied such Monies in the Execution of the said Acts, towards the completing of the said Canal, and have now opened the same partially to the Navigation of the Public: And whereas Claims for extra Work and Awards of Arbitrators to an unexpected Amount against the Company, and other unforeseen Circumstances, have raised the Expences of completing the said Canal and other Works beyond the Amount originally estimated; and the said Company will be unable to continue their Operations, or to complete the said Canal, unless empowered to raise or borrow a farther Sum of Money : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful Company for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to raise a farther Sum of Money, not exceeding Sixty further Sun \Local.~\ 5. 0 r thousand of 00,000l.

[12th May

422

by Creation of new Shares;

or may borrow on the Credit of the Acts.

Saving Rights of Commissioners of Exchequer Bills. 57G. 3. C. 34.

57G. 3. C. 124.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xviii.

thousand Pounds, either by the Creation of new Shares in the said Undertaking, or by borrowing the same upon the Credit of the Funds and Property of the said Company, and upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts; which said Sum so to be raised or borrowed shall be laid out and applied to the Purposes of the said Undertaking, in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts and this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, agreeing to advance any Money towards the said Sum hereby authorized to be raised, in respect of a Share or Shares of the said Undertaking, to be acquired by such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, and upon such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies aforesaid, paying for and in respect of such Share or Shares such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between him, her, or them, and the said Company, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to grant* under their Common Seal, to any such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, such new Share or Shares in the said Undertaking as shall be $o agreed for; and the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom such new Share or Shares shall be granted, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall, from and after the granting of such new Share or Shares, have and be entitled to the same Right of voting at the General and Special Assemblies of the said Company, and to the same Distribution of Profits, and other Rights and Powers in the Management and Regulation of the Affairs of the said Company, and be subject to the same Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Proprietors o£ the old Shares in the said Undertaking are, by the said recited Acts, entitled or subject to.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company shall be desirous of borrowing the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, upon the Credit of the said Undertaking, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized, to borrow and take up the same at lawful Interest, and to assign and convey the said Canal, and other Works or Property of the said Company, as a Security for all or any Part of the said Sum so authorized to be borrowed; and any Assignments to be granted in Security for such Sums, and the Transferences to be made of such Assignments, shall and may be made in pursuance and in Terms of the Powers and Directions to that Effect contained in the said first-recited Act; and all Persons to whom any such Assignment shall be made under this present Act shall be equally entitled* one with the other, to their Proportions of the said Rates and Premises, according to their respective Sums in such Assignment mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference by reason of Priority of any such Assignment, or on any other Account, except such Assignments as have been or shall be made to the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, or their Secretary, as herein-after mentioned.

IV. And whereas the Commissioners acting in the Execution of an Act made and passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Britain, in Manner therein mentioned; and of another Act passed in the same Session, intituled An Act to a?nend an Act made in the present Session of ParliQ?nent for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public JVorks and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor; and also of another Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present

*■ 'Majesty,

'4° georgii r?. m

Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and continue Two Acts, passed in the 1 G.4. c. 60. Fifty-seventh Tear of His late Majesty King George the Third, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money for carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor; and to extend the Powers of the Commissioners for executing the said Acts in Great Britain; did, on or about the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, advance and lend to the said Company of Proprietors Fifty thousand Pounds in Exchequer Bills, upon the Security of a certain Assignation under the Seal of the said Company, dated the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, whereby, for the Considerations therein mentioned, the said Company of Proprietors assigned unto William Holden Esquire, or other the Secretary for the Time being of the said Exchequer Bill Commissioners, and to his or their Assigns, all the said Canal, with the Reservoirs, Feeders, and other Works belonging or which might belong to the said Company, and all and singular the Rates, Tolls, and Duties arising and payable or to arise and become payable to the said Company by virtue of the said Acts, and all the Estate, Right,

Title, and Interest of the said Company of and to the same, to hold the same unto the said William Holden, or other the Secretary for the Time being of the said Exchequer Bill Commissioners, and his or their aforesaid, until the aforesaid Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, with Interest thereon at the

• Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, should be repaid as therein particularly mentioned and expressed; and the said Company did thereby further bind and oblige themselves and their Successors, in consideration of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds so paid to them as aforesaid, that they the said Company should and would complete and maintain, or cause or procure to be completed and maintained, the said Canal and all Works of every Description necessary to the Completion thereof, and the

‘ perfect Navigation of the same, at their own proper Costs and Charges, ’

according to the Provisions and within the Time specified in the therein

• first-mentioned Act relating to the said Company, in case the Expence df completing the same should exceed the estimated Amount for the Gotti- :•> -pletion of the said Canal and Works at the Time of the said Loan being ^advanced as aforesaid; be it therefore further enacted and declared^ That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to -invalidate, defeat, make void, or in any Manner incumber or affect the said Assignation or Security so given by the said Company of Proprietors to the Secretary of the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and that no Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any new Share or Shares of the said Undertaking, or to whom any Assignment or Assignation of the said Canal, and other Works and Property of the said Company, shall be granted, under and by virtue of this Act, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have or be entitled to receive from the said Company of Proprietors, or from or out of the Funds or Property of the said Company, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other valuable Consideration whatsoever, in respect of such new Share or Shares, until the Money due and payable to the said Commissioners, or their Secretary for the Time being, under the said Assignation of the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be fully paid and satisfied in the Marnier provided by the said Assignation, and as herein-before is mentioned; and that all Reservoirs, Feeders, and other Works, Rates, Tolls, and Duties, which may become payable or belong to the said Company under and by virtue of any of the Powers and Authorities of this Act or the Acts therein recited and referred to, shall form a Part of and are hereby enacted and declared to form a Part of and to be comprehended in the said Assignation of the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, for securing Repayment of the said Sum of Fifty thousand

424 4° GEORGII IV. Gjp.xviii.

sand Pounds advanced to the said Company as aforesaid j any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said recited Acts of the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also an Act made and passed in the further Loan. Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts of the Fifty-seventh Tear of His late Majesty, and the First Tear of His present Majesty, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor, and to authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills for the Purposes of the said Acts, to make any further Advance in Exchequer Bills, not exceeding the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, as forming a Part of the said additional Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds herein-before authorized to be raised as aforesaid, unto the said Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal Company, in Aid of the Completion of said Canal and Works as hereinbefore mentioned and referred to, and upon a further Assignation or Assignations, Assignment or Assignments on the several Premises and Interests mentioned and referred to, and herein-before enacted and declared to be assigned and comprehended in the said herein-before mentioned Assignation of the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, any thing in the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, or in the said Assignation, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; provided the said Commissioners shall be satisfied of the Expediency of the said Advance, and that a further Assignation on the said Canal and other Works and Property of the said Company shall be an adequate Security for the same.

Security for

VI. And be it further enacted, That such last-mentioned Security or Securities when given shall have Priority over and shall precede any cede new^" new Share or Shares, and all other Securities, Dividends, Profits, or Shares, &c. Interests, of what Nature or Kind soever, granted or which the said Company may be liable to grant by virtue of the said recited Acts relating to the said Canal, or which shall hereafter be granted by virtue of this Act, in such and the like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the said herein-before recited Assignation is hereby enacted and declared to have Priority over and to precede such Shares and other Securities respectively; and such last-mentioned Security or Securities shall be given in such Manner and Form, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint.

Commissioners of Exchequer Bills may make a

Expences of

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs~and Charges of obtaining the Act. and passing this Act shall and may be defrayed by and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act.

Former Acts

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts, and all the continued. Powers and Authorities therein contained, excepting in so far as hereby altered, enlarged, or explained, or as the same are inconsistent with or repugnant to this present Act, shall continue in full Force, and have full Effect and Operation, in the same Manner as if the same had been repeated in the Body of this Act.

[Public Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Sthahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1825*

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xix.

An Act for the Improvement, more effectual Security, and Maintenance of the Harbour of Bridport, in the County of Dorset.

[12th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign

of King George the First, intituled An Act for restoring and 80.1. c. 11. rebuilding the Haven and Piers of Bridport in the County of Dorset, and for making a Sluice there, whereby the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough of Bridport in the County of Dorset, for the Time being, were appointed Trustees for carrying the said Act into Execution, and certain Rates or Duties were thereby granted to such Trustees for the making, opening, enlarging, improving, and maintaining of the said Haven and Piers in Manner by such Act directed : And whereas the said Haven or Harbour hath been greatly improved under the Powers of the said recited Act, and considerable Sums of Money have been expended in rendering the said Haven or Harbour commodious and secure to all Vessels resorting thereto; but from the exposed Situation of the said Harbour the same is at present very much out of Repair: And whereas the Population of the Town of Bridport, and of the adjacent Neighbourhood (the Inhabitants whereof draw considerable Supplies of Merchandize, Coals, and Culm from the said Harbour or Port) has of late Years greatly increased; and in consequence thereof the Trade of the said Port might be considerably extended if the said Harbour were enlarged and improved, and additional Security were afforded to Vessels resorting to the same:

[Local.'] 5 P And

*r

426 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

And whereas the Rates or Duties payable by virtue of the said recited Act are of inconsiderable Value, and are not adequate to the complete and substantial Repair of the present Haven, Piers, Sluices, Quays, and Wharfs, and to the Improvement, Alteration, and Extension thereof, and to the future Repair, Support, and Maintenance of the same: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act should be repealed, and that more effectual Powers should be granted for the Repair, Improvement, Alteration, Enlargement, and Extension of and Addition to the present Haven, Piers, Sluices, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works adjoining thereto or connected therewith, and for the future Support and Maintenance of the same, and for the Government of Persons resorting to and employed in the said Port or Harbour j but the beneficial Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore , please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assem-Recited Act bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Third repealed. Monday next after the passing of this Act the said recited Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First shall be and the same is hereby declared to be repealed, save only so far as the same concerns or relates to any Rates or Duties which at the Time of the passing of this Act have become due and payable under and by virtue of the said former Act, and which now remain unpaid, and to any Contracts, Matters, or Things whatsoever already entered into, made, or done by the Trustees acting under the said former Act; and such Contracts, Matters, and Things may be acted upon and carried into effect by the Commissioners authorized to execute this Act, as effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said former Act had not been repealed.

This Act made subject to the Payment of all Monies borrowed on the Credit of the former Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed or which are now due and owing on the Credit of the Rates or Duties authorized to be taken by the said former Act, or which are now otherwise due and owing by virtue or on account of the said Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed or had become due and owing on the Credit or on account of this Act; and all and every Person and Persons owing any Sum of Money to the Trustees for executing the said former Act shall be liable to the Payment thereof to the Commissioners for executing this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities entered into by any Person to or with the Trustees for executing the said former Act shall remain in full force and effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed on Account of and for the Benefit of the Trust under this Act; and all Lettings of Rates or Duties, Orders, Contracts, and Agreements made and entered into by the Trustees for executing the said former Act shall, so far as the same are not altered or avoided by this Act, remain in full force and effect, and be observed and kept by the Commissioners under this Act, according to the Stipulations thereof respectively, the Repeal of the said former Act notwithstanding.

5

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix. 427

III. And be it further enacted, That the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Commis-Borough of Bridport and their Successors for the Time being, and Francis sloners‘

John Browne, John Herbert Browne, William Brookland Clerk, William Battiscombe, Henry Battiscombe, John Bragge, William Barnard, Thomas Barrett, James Brown, George Brown, Thomas Colfox, William Colfox,

John Colmer Clerk, Samuel Cox, John Cox, Philip Collins, John Cole,

Richard Craze, Comtek, George Cleeves Chicks Nathaniel Downe,

John Gundry Downe, John George Donne, Charles Donne, George Darby,

John Ewens, Joseph Ewens, Thomas Ewens, Henry Fox Clerk, Baruch Fox, Thomas Fox, Richard Graves Doctor of Medicine, Joseph Gundry,

Samuel Gundry, Joseph Gundry the younger, Daniel Gundry, Samuel Bowden Gundry, Jc/w Goddard, Walter Eustace Gundry, John Golding,

William Geekie, Francis Goforth Clerk, Samuel Fawcett Golding, James Hodder, William Hounsell, Thomas Collins Hounsell, Joseph Hounsell, Robert Halson, Robert Hallett, Thomas Hallett, Nicholas Ingram, Kenway,

Matthew Knight, John Kerslake, John Thomas Knight, Sir Thomas Buckler Lethbridge Baronet, S/Vwow John Channon Lee, Griffith Lloyd, John Lang field, Charles Murly, George Mayo, Sir Molineux Hyde Nepean Baronet, Nepean, Edwin Nicholetts, Alfred Nicholetts, Sir William Oglander Baronet, Sir Horace David Cholwell Saint Paul Baronet, John Pitfield, John Perham, John Perham the younger, Robert Phelps, Gregory Raymond Clerk, John Banger Russell, Giles Russell, Thomas Russell,

Richard Francis Roberts, Simon Davie Robinson, James Scott, Thomas Swain, Seymour, Daniel Stone, William Swain, Henry Charles Sturt,

Samuel Sparks, George Seymour Clerk, William Stephens, Joseph Stone,

Robert Strong, Richard Shepherd, Henry Saunders, Richard Searle, Richard Seymour, Josiah Vowler Selwood, Abraham Selwood, James Templer, John Tomlins, Thomas Tucker, Thomas Tucker the younger, John Tucker,

William Tucker, Richard Tucker, Humphry Weld, David Williams Clerk,

Hollis Bull Way, Harvey Ekins Way, Lewis Way, Stephen Whetham, John Warr, William Warr, Samuel Wills, Richard Walter, Joseph Winter, John Winter, and William Willmington, and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Appointment, said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any Commission-Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Meeting and the Purpose ers not ex-thereof Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in Manner herein-after di- ceeding Five, rected respecting Meetings for the Appointment of Commissioners on Vacancies, to elect and appoint any Number of Persons not exceeding

Five in the Whole, to be Commissioners for executing this Act, in Addition to the Commissioners hereby appointed, and such Commissioners so elected and appointed, and being duly qualified, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act as if they had been named and appointed Commissioners in and by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any of the Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of this Act shall die or remove out of the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, or Devon, or shall become Bankrupt, Insolvent, or shall refuse, decline, or become disqualified to act, or incapable of acting, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of

Appointment jf future

At of

Commissioners.

428

4° GEORGII IV. ix.

of the surviving or remaining Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands (at any Meeting, whereof at least Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in manner herein-after directed) to elect and appoint One fit and proper Person, residing in the said Counties of Dorset, Somerset, or Devon, to be a Commissioner in the Room of such Commissioner so dying, removing, becoming Bankrupt or Insolvent, or refusing, declining, or becoming disqualified to act, or incapable of acting as aforesaid; and every Commissioner so elected and appointed (and being qualified as by this Act is directed) shall have the like Power to act in the Execution of this Act as if he had been herein nominated.

Qualification

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall of Commis- be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (ex-sioners. Cept in administering the Oath of Qualification herein-after mentioned to the other Commissioners) unless at the Time of his acting he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession of or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold or Copy-hold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate within the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, or Devon, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person seised of an Estate in Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate as aforesaid, of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount of Six thousand Pounds, nor until he shall have taken and subscribed, before Two or more of the said Commissioners, an Oath or Affirmation in the following Form, and which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, at any of their Meetings held in pursuance of this Act, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer j (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do ‘ -*■ solemnly affirm], That I truly and bond fide am in my own Right [or 6 in the Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession of [or in the Receipt

* of] Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold [or Copyhold] Lands,

‘ Tenements, or Hereditaments situate within the County [or Counties]

* of Dorset, [or Somerset, or Devon], of the clear yearly Value of One hun-‘ dred Pounds above Reprizes, [or am possessed of a Personal Estate alone c or Real and Personal Estate together] to the Amount or Value of Six

* thousand Pounds, [or am Heir Apparent of who to the

* best of my Knowledge is seised of a Real Estate in Freehold [or Copy-

* hold] Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate within the County

* [or Counties] of Dorset, [or Somerset, or Devon], of the clear yearly ‘ Value of Two hundred Pounds [as the Case may be], and that I will ‘ truly and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, execute 6 and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me ‘ as a Commissioner, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of ‘ the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here

* set forth the Title of this Act], So help me GOD.’

* Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words ‘ So help me God.*

penalty on Nor shall any Person be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Commission- Execution of this Act in any Case where he shall be personally interested, otherwise than as a Creditor, nor while he holds any Place of Profit under this Act, or who shall sell any Wine, Cider, Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors

by

ers acting, not being qualified.

429

4° GEORGII IV. ix.

by Retail, or who shall be interested or concerned in any Contract, or who shall be Lessee or Farmer of the Rates or Duties, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be demanded under this Act; and if any Person not being qualified as aforesaid, or being disqualified by any of the Causes aforesaid, shall nevertheless act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and the Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified, or otherwise he shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided always, that all Acts which shall have been done by any such Person touching the Execution of this Act, previously to his being convicted of any such Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified to act as a Commissioner according to the Directions of this Act: Provided also, that such of the Commissioners herein nominated or hereby to be appointed as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said respective Counties of Dorset, Somerset, and Devon, shall not by reason of being such Commissioners be deemed disqualified from acting as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, except only in cases where they shall be personally interested.

VII. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the proposed Extension of the said Harbour, and of the several Works to be made and done in pursuance of this Act, and the Lands or Grounds which are intended to be used, together with a Book of Reference, containing a List of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for the Purposes of this Act, is deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Parliaments; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not deviate from the Line described in the said Map or Plan without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the Land on which such Deviation shall be made; and the said Map or Plan shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Parliaments; and the same, or any Copy or Copies thereof, certified by the Clerk of the Parliaments to be a true Copy or true Copies thereof, shall and is and are hereby declared to be good Evidence in all Courts of Law, and shall be admitted as such by all Judges, Justices, and others.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make the intended Extension of the said Harbour, and the several Piers and other Works to be made and erected by virtue of this Act, into, through, across, or over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Lands or Grounds over which the same is or are set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be erroneously described or omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place wherein such Lands, Hereditaments, or Premises shall be situate, and be certified by Writing under their Hands that the Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises were the same that were intended to be de-

- \Local,~] 5 Q scribed,

Commissioners being Justices may act.

Not to deviate from the Line laid down in the Plan without Consent.

Lands marked in the Plan<may be used notwithstanding Errors in the Book of Reference.

4m

Power to enlarge, &c. Harbour, Basin, and present Works, and to construct Basin or Inner Harbour, &c.

Power to contract for doing the Works.

First and other Meetings of Commissioners.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

scribed, and that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake, or was not wilful* '

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, Servants, and others, from Time to Time to improve, deepen, extend, enlarge, widen, and maintain the said Harbour and the Piers thereof, in such Manner as to enable Vessels freely to navigate and to seek and obtain Shelter therein; and to make, erect, and maintain a Basin or Inner Harbour with requisite Locks or Sluices, and all such Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings, Piers, Quays, Wharfs, Jetties, Mooring Chains, Lighthouses, Buoys, and other Works of proper Dimensions, within or near to the said Harbour, as may be necessary for the Reception and Protection, and the more convenient Accommodation, loading and unloading of Ships, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels resorting thereto, and for the better enabling such Ships, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, to come into and go out of the same, and to make and maintain such convenient Swivel or Drawbridges, or other Bridges, Ways, and Passages of Communication, as may be necessary for giving Access to the said Harbour, Basin, or Inner Harbour, Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses, and other Works now made, and hereby authorized to be made, and the Carriage of Goods to and from the same, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary or expedient for the Purposes of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract, or otherwise, as they shall think proper and necessary, for the Works intended to be made by this Act; and every Contract to be made for the Purposes aforesaid shall be binding on the said Commissioners, and also upon the Person or Persons contracting to perform any of the Works aforesaid; and in case any such Work shall not be well and sufficiently done and performed according to such Contract, the said Commissioners may cause an Action to be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law against any such Contractor, either for a specific Performance of such Contract, or for any Penalty contained therein, or for any Damages sustained by reason of the Non-performance thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall meet together at the Town Hall, within the Borough of Bridport aforesaid, or at some public Inn or House in Bridport aforesaid, or at Bridport Harbour aforesaid, on the Third Monday next after the passing of this Acr, or as soon after as conveniently may be, at the Hour of Twelve at Noon, and shall then and there proceed in the Execution of this Act, and shall then and from Time to Time thereafter, adjourn and meet again at such Place and Time as they shall direct: Provided always, that Two Commissioners shall he sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and if at any Meeting there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act or to adjourn, or in case the Commissioners at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn, then and in either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the said Commissioners (or for the Clerk to the said Commissioners

10 being

4°> GEORGII IV. 431

being authorized by an Order in Writing, signed by any Two or inore Commissioners), 'to call a Meeting of the said Commissioners, by public Advertisement in some Newspaper circulated in the County of Dorset, and by affixing such Notice at the Door of the Town Hall within the Borough of Bridport aforesaid, at least Seven Days previous Ho such Meeting, at such Time and Place as such Two Commissioners shall think proper and appoint y and the said Commissioners at all their Meetings shall pay their own Exp&hees, except a reasonable Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, for the Use of the Room where such Meetings shall be held, which shall be allowed out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Determination shall Orders to be be made unless the major Part of the Commissioners present shall concur made at therein $ and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relating to this Act, which R eetin8’ are directed to be had, made, done, or exercised by or before the said Commissioners, and all the Powers and Authorities hereby in them vested generally, shall and may be had, made, done, and exercised by the major Part of the Commissioners who shall be present at the respective Meetings to be held by virtue of this Act, the whole Number present not being less than Three (except in Cases where any other Number is herein named), and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings had, made, or done by or before such Three Commissioners shall have the same Force and Effect, and shall be binding and conclusive on all Persons, and to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as fully and effectually as if the same were had, mtfde, done, or executed by or before all the said Commissioners; and a Chairman may and shall in the first Place be appointed at every Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, who, in case of an equal Number of Votes upon any Occasion (including such Chairman’s Vote), shall have the casting or decisive Vote: Provided always, that no Order made by Three or more Commissioners at any Meeting shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Five Commissioners at the least shall be present at such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of the Commissioners present at such subsequent Meeting shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration, nor unless Fourteen Days Notice shall be given by Two or more Commissioners, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, of their Desire to have a Meeting, at any Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, for the Purpose of taking into Consideration the said Order, with a View to revoke or alter the same, or that it will be proposed to revoke or alter such Order at the next adjourned Meeting j and in such Case Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting shall be given by the said Clerk, or by any Two or more of the said Commissioners, Ten Days at least before such Meeting, in manner by this Act directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by this Act Manner of Notice is required to be given of the Meetings and Proceedings of the giving said Commissioners under or by virtue of this Act, such Notice (except in Cases where any other Method is hereby particularly required to be 1 ee in^8> observed) shall be given by public Advertisement in some Newspaper published or circulated within the said County of Dorset* and by affixing a-similar Notice to the Door of the Town Hall of the Borough of Bridport aforesaid.

432 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

Meetings on

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the

hmergencies. sai<j Commissioners it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Commissioners, or for the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by an Order in Writing signed by any Three or more of the said Commissioners, although not assembled at a Meeting, to give Notice in manner hereinbefore directed, of such earlier Meeting, and in such Notice shall be expressed the Time, Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, such Time being not less than Three Days after such Notice, and such earlier Meeting may be held accordingly $ and all Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners at such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments.

Appointment

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may by

of Officers. Writing under their Hands nominate and appoint a Treasurer and Clerk, and a Collector or Receiver, Collectors or Receivers, of such Money as shall arise or be made due and payable by virtue of this Act, a Harbour Master or Harbour Masters, and such other Agents, Officers, and Servants, as may from Time to Time appear expedient; and also may remove from Time to Time all such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, and other Officers and Servants, or any of them, as the said Commissioners shall see occasion; and upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of such Officers or Servants, or any or either of them, the said Commissioners may appoint others in their stead; and the said Commissioners shall and may, out of the Money to be received by virtue of this Act, allow them respectively, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries, Allowance, or Recompence for their Time and Trouble as to them shall seem meet; and every Officer and Person who shall be so appointed or employed as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, make out and deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under his or her Hand, of all Monies which shall have been by him or her had, collected, or received, and how, and to whom, and for what Purpose, the same and every Part thereof hath or have been disposed of, together with Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments; and every such Officer or Person shall and is hereby required to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account shall appear to be owing from him or her to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to render and deliver such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the same, or to pay the Balance thereof when thereunto required, in manner aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Seven Days after being thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or by such other Person or Persons, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or her Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case, Complaint being made thereof by any of the said Commissioners, or by any Person on their Behalf, to any Justice of the Peace for the County of Dorset > such i \ £ Justice

433

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Person to be brought before him, and upon his or her appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account, if produced, in such Manner as the said Commissioners might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of or be owing from such Officer or Person, such Justice may and he is hereby empowered, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Monies, and the Charges of taking and making such Distress, and of selling the same, or if such Officer or Person shall not appear before such Justice at the Time and Place appointed for that Purpose, or if appearing shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver to such Justice such Account in Writing as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts, or to deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid the said Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand, to commit such Officer or Person to the House of Correction or common Gaol of the said County of Dorset, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or she shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in the Hands of or owing from him or her, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale (if any) as shall in that respect have been made, or until he or she shall have compounded with the said Commissioners for such Money and Charges, and paid the Composition Money to the said Commissioners (and which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make), and shall have delivered up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed for want of sufficient Dis* tress shall be detained in Prison for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to order and direct a Book or Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended for or on account of this Act, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid; which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Commissioners, or any Creditor or Creditors of the Rates or Duties hereby granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Commissioners and Creditors, or any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit the said Commissioners, or such Creditors to inspect the same, or take such Copies or Extracts as afore-\]Local.~] 5 R said,

Book or Books of Account to be kept of Receipts, Disbursements, &c. which shall be open to Inspection.

434

Books, &c. relative to former Act, to be delivered to Commissioners.

Treasurer, Collector, or Receiver to find Security.

Clerk and Treasurer not to be the same Person.

Proceedings to be entered in a Book and signed.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

said, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manner herein-after mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or have been employed, or who have received any Dues or Rates by virtue or on account of the said recited Act hereby repealed, or who have or shall have in their Custody or Possession any Money, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to the said Harbour and other Works, by the same Act directed to be improved and repaired, shall account for and pay and deliver over the same, and every Part thereof, to the Commissioners in and by this Act named and appointed, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as the several Collectors and other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of this Act, are herein required to pay or account for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be obliged, and they are hereby required, to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the due Execution of their Offices, and for their faithfully accounting for all the Monies received by them, or Services to be performed by them in virtue of their said Offices, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk of or other Person employed by such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk for the Purposes of this Act; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk of or other Person employed by such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any Treasurer shall hold any Place of Profit or Trust under this Act, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt or on the Case* or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Commissioners making the same, or by the Chairman of the Meeting at which such Order or Proceeding shall be made or had $ which said Book or Books, and also the Book or Books herein-after directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Assignments of the Rates or Duties, or Transcripts thereof, and all Books of Proceedings of the Trustees in the Execution of the said former Act, provided according

435

4° GEORGII IV. xix.

to the Directions or Provisions thereof, shall and may be read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits, Actions, Controversies, or Disputes, touching any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, or in anywise relating thereto.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may sue and be sued for or concerning any thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or for any Matter or Thing appertaining or incident to the obtaining or passing thereof, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, or of One of the said Commissioners; and no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, or of such Commissioners, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk, or Treasurer, or Commissioners, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, or such Commissioners, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk, Treasurer, or Commissioner in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, sued, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it farther enacted, That upon the Death, Neglect, Refusal, Incapacity, Absconding, Absence, or any other Disqualification of any Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, or other Officer appointed by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the said Commissioners, although not assembled at a Meeting of the said Commissioners, by Writing under their respective Hands, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, or other Officer, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Commissioners, in the stead of such Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, or other Officer as shall so die, neglect, refuse, become incapable, abscond, absent, or become otherwise disqualified; which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all respects, as the Person in whose Place or Stead he or she shall be so appointed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Third Monday next after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and such Person or Persons as they shall or may appoint, to demand, collect, and take, recover, and levy the several Harbour Rates or Duties mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked with the Letter (A.), on all Ships, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels using, coming in, or going out of the said Harbour, of and from all and every the Owners, Masters, or other Persons having the Rule or Command of such Ships, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, or the Factors or Consignees thereof.

Commissioners may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk.

Commissioners may appoint temporary Officers.

Harbour Duties to be paid on Tonnage.

436 4° GEORGII IV. ix.

Tonnage

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Commander of

ascertained evel7 Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel chargeable with the Tonnage n ' Duty by this Act imposed or empowered to be collected, shall produce to the Person or Persons appointed to collect the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, the Custom House Register of the Burthen or Tonnage of such Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel; and on failure or delay so to do, or in case the same when produced shall be deemed unsatisfactory, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect the Rates and Duties as aforesaid, to admeasure such Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the -6G. 3. C. 60. Xhird, intituled An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and if any such Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel shall be built and constructed to be propelled by Steam, the same shall be admeasured according to the Directions of an Act passed in the 59 G 3 c 5 Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, 0 ' c‘ intituled An Act to ascertain the Tonnage of Vessels propelled by Steam.

Duties on Exports and Imports.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in addition to the Rates or Duties herein-before mentioned or referred to, there shall be paid to the said Commissioners or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to collect and receive the same, for all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities whatsoever, imported or exported to or from the said Harbour, the Rates or Duties contained or specified in the Table or Schedule hereto annexed, marked with the Letter (B.), so far as such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities are particularized in the said Schedule of Rates or Duties, which said Rates or Duties shall be paid by the Merchant or Merchants, or other Person or Persons exporting or importing such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, or into whose Custody or Possession the same shall be delivered, or by whom the same shall be shipped respectively, upon the Delivery or Shipping of the same respectively.

Power to fix

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

able on^" for t^le sa^ Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and em-

Articles not powered, to fix, appoint, settle, establish, and impose such Rates or enumerated Duties to be paid upon the loading or unloading, exporting or importing, in Schedule, and in respect of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, not specified or enumerated in the said Table or Schedule marked with the Letter (B.) to this Act annexed, as they shall think fit, so as such Rates or Duties shall not exceed the Sum of Eight-pence in every Two Shillings of the Amount of the Freight of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities.

Goods

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Wares, Mer-

JSJgSjs chandize, and Commodities as shall be imported or exported to or from according to Harbour, and shall be chargeable with Duties according to the

the Weight Weight or Measure thereof, shall be respectively weighed or gauged, as or Measure to the Case shall require, immediately or as soon as may be after the same or IS11 landed or unshipped, or shipped, and before any Samples for Sale

or gauge . shall be taken from the same.

4° GEORGII IV. xix. 437

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a Table of Rates to be the several Rates and Duties to be taken for the Use of the said Har- published, hour, Piers, Quays, and other Works, shall be provided and fixed up in

some conspicuous Part of the said Harbour, in legible Characters painted on Boards, and renewed from Time to Time whenever the same or any Part thereof shall be defaced, obliterated, or altered; and if any Person shall wilfully pull down, destroy, deface, or obliterate any such Table, or any Part thereof, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Duties may may be lawful for the said Commissioners to reduce and lessen the Rates be altered, and Duties to be levied under this Act, and again to raise and extend the same from Time to Time, provided that the same do not at any Time exceed the Maximum of Rates and Duties by this Act granted.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Arrears of Rates or Duties, Duties vested or other Money due, or Property Real or Personal, and all Choses in and inCommis-Rights of Action and Suit, either at Law or in Equity, vested in the sioners. Trustees under the said former Act, shall immediately on the Commencement of this Act be vested in the Commissioners named in or to be

elected and appointed by virtue of this Act, who shall be and are hereby enabled to recover the same, and for that Purpose to cause to be commenced and prosecuted all Actions or Suits at Law and in Equity, and to act in respect thereof as if the same had become due to or had been vested in such Commissioners under and by virtue of this Act; and the Money or Property so recovered, and the several Rates or Duties hereinbefore mentioned and granted, shall be and they are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and all Costs to be incurred by the said Commissioners or Person or Persons in whose Names or Name such Proceedings shall be had, shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Funds or Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and such Monies, when recovered, shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXI. And to the Intent that the Rates and Duties imposed by this Manner of Act may be more effectually collected and levied, be it enacted, That in recovering case any Owner or Master, or any other Person or Persons, having the p*tJ?sant* Command or Rule of any Ship, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, or any

Factor or Consignee thereof, chargeable with Rates or Duties granted by this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed in pursuance of this Act to receive the same, to go on board such Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, to demand, collect, and receive the said Rates or Duties , and on Nonpayment thereof, to take and distrain every such Ship, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, and all the Tackle, Apparel and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof; and all or any Part of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in respect whereof such Rates or Duties shall be payable, either on board such Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or on Land, and the same to retain until the respective Rates or Duties shall be satisfied and paid; and in case of any Neglect or Default in Payment of the said Rates or Duties, for the Space of Seven Days after any Distress or Distresses \Local^\ 5 S so

438 4° GEORGII IV. Cap.mx.

so made or taken, that then it shall and may be (lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, to cause the same to be appraised by Two or more sworn Appraisers, or other sufficient Persons, and afterwards to sell the said Distress or Distresses, and out of the Produce of the Sale thereof to satisfy themselves or himself, cs well for and in respect of their or his reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising and selling the same, as also for and in respect of the said Rates and Duties, and every of them, rendering the Overplus (if any such there be) to the Owner upon Demand; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, in case of Nonpayment of the Rates and Duties as aforesaid, instead of recovering the same in Manner aforesaid, or in case the whole thereof shall not be so recovered, to proceed for the Recovery of the same, or so much thereof as shall not be so recovered, by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any Court of Record at Westminster.

distress not to be deenied unlawful for want of Form.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress or Distresses shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Irregularity or Defect in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Warrant or Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity by him or them done or committed after such Distress made or taken; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage, in any Action upon the Case.

Persons

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Owner, or

evading Pay- other Person having the Command or Rule of any Ship, Boat, Barge or mata Uablcr ot^er Vessel, or the Owner, Factor or Consignee of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall by any means whatsoever, at any Time, elude, evade or avoid the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby made in respect thereof, or any Part of the same, every Person eluding, torteit a Sum eVading or avoiding Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the equa ere o. commissioners> Collector or Collectors, Person or Persons, a Sum equal to the Amount of such Rates and Duties, and shall also stand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties; which Rates and Duties, as well as the Forfeiture incurred by having eluded, evaded, or avoided the Payment thereof, shall and may be recovered from such Master or Owner, Factor or Consignee, or such other Person having such Command or Rule respectively, at any Time within Twelve Calendar Months after such Rates or Duties should or ought to have been paid, either by the Means herein-before prescribed for the levying the said Duties and by the same Method, or in such manner, and with the like Costs, as is herein-after directed for levying and recovering the Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties imposed by this Act.

and also to payable

Masters o

XXXIV. And for the better ascertaining, and more easy and effectual give an ac- ° collecting, of the said Rates or Duties hereby directed to be paid, be count of their it further enacted, That the Master, Owner, or other Person or Persons Loading. having the Care, Rule, or Command of any Ship, Boat, Barge or other

4 Vessel,

439

4° GEORGII IV. Cfep.xix.

Vessel, coming into or going out of the said Harbour, or any Part thereof, shall give to the Collector of the Rates or Duties, or to any other Officer to be appointed for such Purpose by the said Commissioners, a just Account in Writing, signed by the Master, Owner or other Person or Persons having the Care, Rule, or Command of such Ship, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, of the Quantities, Qualities, and Weight of the Goods and other Things which shall be embarked in or upon such Ship, Boat,

Barge or other Vessel, from whence brought, and for whom the same is intended; and if the Goods or other Things contained in any such Ship,

Boat, Barge or other Vessel, shall be liable to the Payment of different Rates, then such Master, Owner or other Person or Persons shall specify the Quantities liable to the Payment of such of the said Rates or Duties; and in case he or they shall neglect or refuse to give such an Account, or shall refuse to produce his or their Invoice or Bill of Lading to the Officer demanding the same, or shall, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Rates or Duties, or any Part of them, give a false Account, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Ton of Goods or other Things, and so in proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton which shall be in or be conveyed by such Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel respectively, of which, or of whose Lading such Account, Invoice, or Bill of Lading, shall be refused, or such false Account given, as the Case shall happen to be, over and above the aforesaid respective Rates which shall be payable for the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if the Master or other Person penalty on having the Rule cr Command of any Ship, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, Persons ob-or any of the Crew of any Ship, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, shall structing obstruct or prevent the said Collector or Collectors of the said Duties, ^f^oardTo^ coming or having come into such Ship, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, in collect the order to demand, collect, and receive the said Duties which by this Act Duties, or to shall be due and payable, or for the Purpose of taking the Admeasure- distrain, ment of such Ship, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, to ascertain the Tonnage

Duty thereof, or for the Purpose of taking and keeping Possession of the same until Payment of the said Duties, or of making, taking, or selling such Distress as aforesaid, every such Person shall be liable individually to and shall forfeit and pay a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen For settling about the Amount of the said Rates or Duties, or the Charges of making, ^P^te8t^°a' keeping, or selling any Distress, such Dispute shall be settled and deter- duties? 6 mined by some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Dorset, who,

upon Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer), and shall determine the Amount of the Rates and Duties due, and shall award such Costs and Charges to either Party, as to the said Justice shall appear right and proper; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered, in case of Nonpayment thereof forthwith, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties directed to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of

440 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlx.

of making such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

Exemptions

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act confer Vessels in tained shall extend or be construed to extend to Ships, Vessels or Boats ^jrvice^andS belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs and others/ Successors, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise, or Post Office, using the said Harbour, or to any of the Officers or Persons employed therein respectively; or in the Service or Employ of the Admiralty, Ordnance or Navy Board, or to any Naval or Ordnance Stores, or other Matters imported into or exported from the said Harbour for the Use of the Navy or Army, or to any Yachts or Pleasure Boats, or other Vessel belonging to His Majesty, or any other Member of the Royal Family.

Power to

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful lease Duties, for the said Commissioners to demise or let to farm, or to agree to demise or let to farm, all or any of the Duties arising by virtue of this Act for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, upon public Bidding to the highest Bidder, and for the best Price or Rent such Commissioners can get for the same, payable quarterly in advance, or at such other Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall think proper, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take or farm the same, under such Conditions and Agreements, and with such Sureties for the Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners shall think fit; and if the said Commissioners at any Meeting for letting the said Duties shall be of Opinion that a Combination exists among the Bidders to undervalue the same, they may then proceed in such Letting in such Manner as to them shall seem most likely to create a bond fide and an advantageous Competition for the same; and at such Letting the Commissioners present shall have and be entitled to One or more Bidding or Biddings for the said Duties either by themselves, or their Clerk or Treasurer or other Person by them authorized, any thing in any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and the Rent or Money arising by such Letting shall be applied in such Manner as the Duties under this Act are directed to be applied; and the Lessee or Lessees of such Duties, and also such Person or Persons as such Lessee or Lessees shall appoint to collect and receive the Duties so let, shall, during the Continuance of every such Lease, be deemed Collector or Collectors of the Duties so let, and shall have the same Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the same as if he or they had been appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, provided public Notice of the Intention to let the said Duties, or any Part thereof, be given by the said Commissioners in Manner by this Act directed, at least Fourteen Days prior to any such Meeting at which the said Duties or any Part thereof are intended to be let as aforesaid.

Custom House Officers not to discharge any Vessel before Duties are paid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Collector of His Majesty's Customs, or other Officer of Revenue, shall permit any Ship, Boat, Barge» or other Vessel, chargeable with Rates or Duties under this Act, to be entered Inwards, Outwards or Coastwise, or any Commodities to be landed from or put on board of such Ship, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, until he shall have received from the Collector or Collectors of the Rates and

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix. 441

and Duties aforesaid a Certificate of all such Rates and Duties having been paid in full, which Certificate such Collector or Collectors is and are hereby required to give, without Fee or Reward, upon Payment of such Rates or Duties; and in case any Collector of His Majesty's Customs, or other Officer of Revenue at the said Harbour, shall contravene or infringe this Provision, he shall be liable for every such Offence to, and shall forfeit and pay, a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Penalty for shall wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or in any manner damage or de> stroy any Rope or other Thing by which any Ship, Vessel, or Boat lying R0pes, &c. in the said Harbour shall be moored or fastened, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, besides the Damages thereby occasioned.

XLI. And for preventing any Injury being done to the said Harbour, To prevent Piers, and other Works, or to Ships, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels the

within the Harbour or Piers, be it further enacted, That every Harbour Master to be appointed by the said Commissioners shall and may and he is hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time to order and require all Persons having the Care, Command or Rule of any Ship, Boat,

Barge or other Vessel entering into or being within the said Harbour or Piers, to lie, anchor, moor, and place such Ship, Boat or other Vessel in such Place or Places within the said Harbour, and in such manner as the said Harbour Master shall from Time to Time order and direct, so that no undue Preference shall be given to any Person in the mooring or removing any Ship, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, upon any Pretence whatsoever; and in case any Person having the Care, Command or Rule of any such Ship, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, shall wilfully lay, anchor, moor, or place any Ship, Boat or Vessel, contrary to the Orders and Directions of the Harbour Master so appointed as aforesaid, or if any Person shall empty or throw any Stones, Ballast, Earth or Rubbish, or any other Thing into any Part of the said Harbour to the Prejudice thereof, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if any Person shall take, remove, or carry away any Ballast, Shingle, or Stones from the said Harbour, or within the Boundary thereof (without the Consent of the said Commissioners or their Surveyor), every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XLII. And for the more speedily raising Money for defraying the Ex- Forborrovr-pences of this Act, and for carrying the several Purposes thereof into complete Execution, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Spences said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, at any Meeting to Gf the Act, be holden under or by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby fully au- and for the thorized and empowered, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Rates or Duties .hereby granted, so that no greater Sum than Twenty-five thousand Pounds shall be due and owing upon the Credit of the said Rates or Duties at any one Time, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage and assign over the said Rates or Duties, or any Part thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, as the [Local] 5 T Security

442

Form of Mortgage.

Assignment of Mortgages.

Form of Assignment.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.nx.

Security for the Money to be borrowed, together with Interest for the same $ and every such Agreement may be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

: wE> of the Commissioners appointed to put in

* Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of

‘ the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, &c. [here set ‘ forth the Title of the Act\ do by these Presents, by virtue of the said ‘ Act, and in Consideration of the Sum of advanced and

‘ lent to us by A.B. upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said ‘ Act, grant and assign unto the said A.B., his Executors, Admini- strators and Assigns, the Rates or Duties arising by virtue of the said 1 Act, or such Proportion thereof as the said Sum of doth

4 or shall bear to the whole Sum which is or shall be advanced upon the c Credit of the said Act; to be holden from this Day of

* until the said Sum of with

4 Interest at the Rate of per Centum per Annum for the same, to be paid Half-yearly, shall h^ve been repaid and satisfied. In 4 Witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, this

4 Day of in the Year of our Lord

And it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money advanced as aforesaid, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, indorsed thereon, to transfer the same to any Person or Persons in the Form or to the Effect following $ (that is to say),

I A.B. do hereby assign the within Mortgage, and all my Right and

* , T~ Title in and to the Principal Money, and Interest thereby secured, unto C.D. his Executors, Administrators or Assigns. Dated the

* Day of .*

Registering And a Copy of every Security or Assignment, together with an Extract of Mortgages or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a "S- , Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, which Extract or Memorial shall specify and contain the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Person interested shall at all seasonable Times have free access, and shall have liberty to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and for entering every such Transfer the said Clerk shall be paid, by the Person to whom Such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and every such Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, without any other Registry or Enrolment thereof whatsoever; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on the said Duties equally one with another, without any Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages or Assignments.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think it advisable to raise all or any Part of the said Sum by the granting of Annuities for the Life or Lives

8 of

Money may be raised on Annuities.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix. 443

of any Person or Persons, then it shall be lawful for the said Commit sioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to grant any Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities, td> be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor, of the natural Life of every such Person as shall be nominated by or on behalf oLsuch Contributor at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money; and the Grant of every such Annuity may be according to the Form following; (that is to say),

c

c

t

t

t

t

c

C'

t

t

15 Y virtue of an Act passed in the Year of the Reign

of King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act\, we, being

of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of paid to us

by A.B. [insert the Name, Place of Abode, and Addition of the Lender ] for the Purposes of the said Act, do hereby grant unto the said A. B* his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, one Annuity or yearly Sum of out of the Rates or Duties arising by virtue of the said Act; which Annuity or yearly Sum of

shall be paid to the said A, B., his Executors, Administrators and

Assigns, at the House or Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners,

quarterly, upon the Day of the Day of the

Day of and the Day of in

every Year during the natural Life of; the First

Payment thereof to be made upon the Day of

next ensuing the Date hereof. In Witness whereof, we have hereunto

set our Hands and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord J

XLIV. And for preventing any improvident granting Annuities under Rates of this Act, be it further enacted, That no Annuities shall be granted by virtue of this Act for any single Life at any higher Rate than the follow- Jilted. We# ing; (that is to say), when the Age of the Annuitant, or the PefrSon for whose Life the Annuity shall be granted, shall not exceed Thirty-five Years, the Annuity to be granted shall at most be Eight Pounds and Three Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money paid for the Purchase thereof$ where the Age of such Person shall exceed Thirty-five, but not exceed Forty Years, the Annuity to be granted shall at most be Eight Pounds and Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of such Consideration Money j where the Age of such Person shall exceed Forty, but not exceed Forty-five Years, the Annuity shall at most be Nine Pounds for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money £ where the Age of such Person shall exceed Forty-five, but not exceed Fifty Years, the Annuity shall at most be Nine Pounds and Twelve Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall exceed Fifty, but not exceed Fifty-five Years, the Annuity shall at most be Ten Pounds and Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall exceed Fifty-five, but not exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity shall at most be Eleven Pounds and Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of

Money how *obe applied.

Six Months Notice to be given of paying off Money.

Liberty to take Rocks and Stones.

4° GEORGII IV. ix.

of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall exceed Sixty, but not exceed Sixty-five Years, the Annuity shall at most be Twelve Pounds and Seventeen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall exceed Sixty-five, but not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity shall at most be fifteen Pounds and One Shilling for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; and where the Age of such Person shall exceed Seventy-five Years, the Annuity shall at most be Eighteen Pounds and Ten- Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Rates, Duties, or other Monies already received by virtue of the said former Act, or out of the Rates, Duties, or other Monies which shall be raised or received by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners shall in the first Place pay and discharge all Costs and Expences relative to procuring and passing this Act, and the Remainder of all such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Money borrowed, or now due and owing by virtue t>r on account of the said former Act, or to be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively, and in defraying the Expences of repairing and extending the said Haven, Piers, and Harbour, and of supporting and maintaining the same, and of doing and performing all such other Works as the said Commissioners •shall think necessary to be done and performed, and in otherwise carrying this Act into Execution, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatever.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Money so lent and advanced on Mortgage as aforesaid, shall be paid off and discharged (save and except with the Consent or Consents of the Person or Persons so lending and advancing such Sum or Sums of Money) unless Six Calendar Months previous Notice, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, shall have been given to the Person or Persons lending and advancing such Sum or Sums of Money, of such their Intention to pay off and discharge the same.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and their Servants and Workmen, to have, remove, take, carry away, and use, for the Purposes of this Act, all such Rocks and Stones as shall be found on the Sea Shore between high and low Water Marks, within the Distance of Three Miles from Bridport Harbour aforesaid; and to have free Passage in all convenient Places, and at all fit and proper Seasons of the Year, to do all necessary Matters and Things for the better designing, carrying on, and effecting the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall make Satisfaction for the Value of the said Rocks and Stones to the Owner or Owners thereof, such Satisfaction, in case the said Commissioners and the Parties interested in the Matter in Question cannot agree as to the Amount thereof, to be ascertained by a Jury, and to be paid and applied in the Manner herein-after directed for the Payment and Application of Compensation for Lands to be taken for the Purposes of this Act.

4° GEORGII IV. ix.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners of such Lands, Grounds, Buildings or Hereditaments, near or adjoining to the said Harbour, and within the Limits prescribed by the Map or Plan so as aforesaid deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Parliaments, as they shall think necessary or proper to purchase and make use of, in and about the said Harbour, Haven or Piers, or for the Purpose of enlarging, adding to, or improving the same, or otherwise, for the Uses or Purposes of this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds, Buildings or Hereditaments, shall be set out and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Husbands, Guardians, and Feoffees in Trust for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and for every other Person or Persons whomsoever who is, are, or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so set out and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, sell, and convey the same, and every Part thereof, unto the said Commissioners $ and all such Contracts, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances, shall be made at the Expence of the Commissioners, and be paid out of the Monies which shall be collected and received by virtue of this Act, and shall be made according to the Form following, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit; (that is to say),

I A.B. of in Consideration of

c *■ the Sum of to be paid by the Commissioners of the Bridport Harbour Act, do hereby grant and release to them the said Commissioners all [describing the Premises to be conveyed] and all 4 my Right, Title, and Interest to and in the same, and every Part 4 thereof, to hold to the said Commissioners and their Successors for ever, 4 by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, 4 passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act~\. In Witness whereof I

* have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of

4 in the Year of our Lord

And all such Conveyances and Assurances shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be a complete Bar to all Estates Tail, and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Trusts, and Interest whatsoever; and such Conveyances or Assurances shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, who shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the same, and being interested therein, and shall have and receive One Shilling for every One hundred Words of each such attested Copy, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

[Local.'] 5 U L. Pro-

445

Power to purchase Lands, &c.

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to sell and convey Lands.

The Expen-ces of Contracts and Sales to be defrayed out of the Funds.

Form of Conveyance.

446

Satisfaction to be made.

Damages not provided for to be settled.

]f Parties cannot agree, Value to be ascertained by a Jury.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustees, and other Persons herein-before capacitated to sell or convey Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, and any other Owner or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, in, upon, or over which the said Harbour, Piers, Quays, Wharfs, or other Works hereby authorized, are intended to be made, shall and may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of stich Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and for Damages to be sustained by rnaking and completing the said Works, in Gross Sums, as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Parties interested respectively, or any of them, and the said Commissioners.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall sustain any Damage in his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by reason of the Execution of any of the Powers given by this Act, and through or by Means not herein provided for, then and in every such case such Damages shall be settled by the said Commissioners, or by a Jury, as herein-after mentioned; and the Amount of such Damages may be recovered, levied, and applied in manner herein directed with regard to other Damages; and in every such case the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to issue a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals to the Sheriff of the said County, commanding him to summon a Jury in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons interested or entitled as aforesaid, shall upon Notice in Writing given to the Principal Officer of any such Body Politic, Corporate of Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which the said Commissioners are hereby enabled to purchase* and to make use of for the Purposes of this Act, for the Space of Ten Days next after such Notice, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or shall not within the before-mentioned Space of Ten Days produce and fully disclose the State of the Title to the Premises of which they are or shall be in Possession, and to the Interest which they shall claim therein, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time to issue a Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the said County of Dorset, commanding him to return and impannel a Jury of Twelve Persons; and the said Sheriff* is hereby required to summon and choose a Jury accordingly, in the Manner in which Juries are or may be summoned and chosen by Sheriffs of Counties in England; and every such Jury shall be liable and subject to the same Regulations, and to the same Pains and Penalties for Default, as if he and they had been returned for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster; and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Sheriff is hereby empowered and required by a Summons or Notice under his Hand, either ,i 9 previous

447

4° GEORGII IV. Czjp.xix.

previous to or at the Time of any such Meeting or Meetings, to summoh and call before such Jury all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching the Matters in question, and to hear and examine such Witness or Witnesses upon Omh; and the said Sheriff may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places or Matter or Matters in question; which Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Sheriff is hereby empowered to administer), shall inquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that shall or may be sustained as aforesaid, and shall assess separate Damages for the same; and the said Sheriff shall give Judgment for such Purchase Monies or Recompence so to be assessed by such Jury; which said Verdict, and the Judgment thereupon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Sheriff, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all other Persons, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or other Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Court; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so summoned and Fine upon returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall Persons refuse to be sworn, or to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner shall JJefauft wilfully neglect his Duty contrary to the true Intent of this Act, having iio reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the said Sheriff; or if any Person so to be summoned to give Evidence as aforesaid shall not appear, on being paid or tendered a Sum for his, her, or their Costs and Expences, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined, or to give Evidence, then and in any such Case every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Sheriff, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering the Overplus to such Person, after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and every such Penalty shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall appear to the said Sheriff to be injured by the Default of such Person so offending.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in case a Verdict shall be given Expences of for more Money as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale Jury how to of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of any Person or Persons be Paid-whomsoever, or as a Compensation for any Damages done or to be done j;0 such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Property, than had been previously agreed to or offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners before the summoning of the said Jury; or where, by reason of Absence in Foreign Countries, or other Impediment or Disability as aforesaid, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Contract with and make Conveyances to, and receive Compensations from the said Commissioners as herein-before mentioned, then and in all such Cases the Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Verdict shall be defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Duties authorized by this Act; and such Costs

and

448 4° GEORGII IV. ix.

and Expences shall be settled and determined by some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Dorset, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby authorized and required to settle the same at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend him for that Purpose); and in case such Costs and Expences shall not be paid to the Party entitled to receive the same within Ten Days after the same shall be demanded, then the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels vested in the said Commissioners, or of any Goods or Chattels vested in the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, (unless such Treasurer shall pay such Costs and Expences out of any Money received by him by virtue of this Act, and which he is hereby authorized to do) under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Dorset, which Warrant any such Justice is hereby authorized and required to issue under his Hand and Seal, on Application made to him for that Purpose by the Party entitled to receive such Costs and Expences; but if a Verdict shall be given for no more or for a less Sum than had been previously offered, or in case no Damages shall be given by the Verdict where the Dispute is for Damages only, or in case of such Refusal to enter into Treaty with, or make Conveyances to, or receive Compensations from the said Commissioners, by any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are by the Provisions of this Act, or otherwise, legally capacitated to treat and convey, or receive such Compensations as aforesaid, then and in all such Cases the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury and Witnesses, and of taking such Verdict, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners and the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners shall have such Concerns, Controversies or Disputes, in equal Moieties; and the Moiety of the said Costs and Expences payable by such Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners shall have such Concerns, Controversies or Disputes, having been settled by some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be situated (not interested in the Matters in question), who is hereby required to examine and settle the same at a rl'ime and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend him for that Purpose, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; and such Moiety of such Costs and Expences, in case the same be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled, shall and may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

LV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contracted or agreed for between the Parties, or assessed by such Juries in manner aforesaid, for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for Damages as herein mentioned, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or to

such

Power to enter and take possession of Lands, &c. on Payment or Tender of

4° GEORGII IV. 449

such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein, or entitled Purchase to receive such Money or Compensation respectively, within Three Calen- Money* dar Months next after the same shall be so agreed for or assessed, or upon Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money within the said Three Calendar Months into the Bank of England, as hereinafter directed and required, for the Use of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, (but not before), it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and their Agents, Workmen and Servants, immediately to enter upon such Lands,

Tenements, and other Hereditaments respectively; and then and thereupon such Lands and Grounds, Tenements and other Hereditaments, together with the Yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Use, Trust, and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall thenceforth be vested in and become the sole Property of the said Commissioners, to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Reversion and Remainder, of his, her, or their Issue, and of every other Person whomsoever therein; provided nevertheless, that before such Payment as aforesaid it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig or cut the Lands or Grounds, Tenements or other Hereditaments of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment, for the Purpose of making the said Harbour, without the Leave and Consent of such Person or Persons respectively; and in case any Person or Persons shall enter upon any such Premises for any of the Purposes of this Act, before such Payment or Deposit into the Bank of England as aforesaid shall have been made (except by Consent as aforesaid), every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Day he shall remain on the said Premises.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Verdict shall be Verdict to be transmitted to and kept by the Clerk of the Peace, or other Person having recorded, the Custody of the Records of the Quarter Sessions for the said County of Dorset, and shall be deemed to be Records of such Quarter Sessions to all Intents and Purposes, and the same or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and all Persons shall have liberty to inspect the same, paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any am'ountine'to Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, 2001. Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, such Money shall, if the same amount to Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to [Local.'] 5 X be

450

Application where the Compensation is less than 200/. and exceeds 20/.

-4° GEORGII IV. Cap.-ax.

be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as such Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled to the same or like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect j and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were not made.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Body Politic, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the likg Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

10

4° GEORGII IV. 451

LIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as herein-before is mentioned shall be less the

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied than 2oJ.S 8

to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to in case of whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or assessed for any not making Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this out fltles* Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make out a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or assessed as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or assessed as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum and Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Ques- Persons in tion shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money Possession to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity g^thled!6 of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this '

Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons,

or

452

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by Commissioners.

Resale of

Surplus

Land.

Power to make Rules and Bye-Laws.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and raken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct, out of the Monies to be raised and received by virtue of this Act.

LXIII. And whereas the Commissioners for executing this Act may be seised of some Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what may be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to sell and dispose of any such Piece or Pieces of Ground, together or in Parcels, either by Public Sale or Private Contract, as they may find most advantageous and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, shall have Power to make such Rules, Bye-Laws, Orders, Regulations, and Directions, for the good Government and Management of their Officers, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and of all Matters and Things concerning the said Harbour and Piers, and other Works, and for the Regulation, Relief, or Assistance of Ships, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels resorting to or seeking Shelter therein, as they shall deem necessary or proper, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal any such Rules, Bye-Laws, Orders, Regulations, and Directions, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons who shall offend against any such Rules, Bye-Laws, Orders, Regulations, and Directions, as to such Commissioners shall seem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence; which said Rules, Bye-Laws, Orders, Regulations, and Directions, being reduced into writing, or printed, shall be binding upon and be observed by all Parties using or in anywise concerned in the said Harbour, Piers, and other Works, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act

under

453

4aGEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

tinder the same; provided that such Rules, Bye Laws, Orders, Regulations, and Directions be not inconsistent with or repugnant to the Laws* of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain called England, or the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, or to any of them j provided also, that Copies of such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or such of them as shall concern or relate to the using of the said Harbour, Piers, and the Works connected therewith, or to the Conduct and Behaviour of any Officers, Servants, or other Persons employed in or about the said Harbour, Piers, and Works, or to the Conduct or Behaviour of any Mariners, Boatmen, and Bargemen frequenting the said Harbour, Piers, or other Works, shall be painted on Boards in large Characters, and be affixed and continued in some conspicuous Place or Places upon or near adjoining the said Harbour, Piers, and other Works, and renewed as often as the same shall be obliterated or defaced: Provided always, that in all Cases of Prosecution for Offences against the said Bye Laws it shall be sufficient to prove that such Bye Laws painted on Boards, in Characters sufficiently plain, have been affixed and published in manner aforesaid and in case of their being afterwards displaced or damaged, have been replaced or repaired as soon as conveniently might be.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Gunpowder, Pitch, Tar, Gunpowder Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, or Furze, Brandy, or other spirituous and other Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Matte/notto Wood, or any other inflammable or combustible Matter or Thing whatso- remain on ever, shall. be suffered to be or remain on any Quay, Pier, or Wharf be- the Quay, longing to the said Harbour, or upon the Deck of any Ship, Boat, Barge, ^>ier> °r or other Vessel, within the said Harbour or Piers, above the Space of than Tv^lve Twelve Hours after having passed the Custom House Officers; and the Hours. Owner or Owners thereof shall and they are hereby required to remove the same from such Place or Places within the Space of Twelve Hours; and in case the same cannot conveniently be removed before Sunset, then the Owner or Owners thereof shall be obliged, and he and they is and are hereby required to set and employ, at his or their own Expence, such a Number of careful and sober Persons to guard and watch over the same, for such and so many Hours from Sunset to Sunrise, as the said Commissioners, or the Harbour Master, Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons by them authorized, shall specify and direct; and in case any such Owner or Owners, or the Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall make Default in the Premises, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and in addition thereto shall pay all Damages occasioned by his or their Default.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Fire or Candle shall be p|re or found lighted or burning on board of any Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Candle to be Vessel lying at or within the said Harbour, Basin, or Inner Harbour, lighted in the Quays, or Piers, between the Hours of Seven in the Evening and Six in Harbour* Morning, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September to the Twenty-fifth Day of March, or between Eight in the Evening and Five in the Morning from the Twenty-fifth Day of March to the Twenty-ninth Day of September, the Master or other Person or Persons having the Care, Rule, or Command of any such Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall fox avery such Offence forfeit a.Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

[Local.'] 5 r LXVIL And,

454 4*> GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

Persons fiXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person onPer-^stroying sons whosoever, who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or of Felony'ty designedly demolish, break down, or damage the said Piers, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, or any of the Works or Buildings which are or shall be constructed in or which shall belong to the said Harbour, or who shall wilfully do any Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the same, or who shall wilfully or designedly extinguish or put out any of the Lights or1 Fires used ih or belonging to the said Harbour for the Safety and Protection of the Ships, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels resorting to the same, or being in the Offing, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for any Term of Years not exceeding Seven Years j orin Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Felony*

Masters of Vessels answerable for Damages done by Crew through Un-skilfulness or Neglect.

Masters to recover Damages from their Servants.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Master, Owner, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, lying or being in the said Harbour, shall be and is hereby made answerable and accountable to the said Commissioners for the Amount or Value of any Damage or Mischief that shall be done through Unskilfulness or Negligence by him, or by such Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or by any of the Mariners, Servants, or Crew on board of or belonging to the same, to the Piers, Quays, Wharfs, or any of the Works which now are or shall be constructed in pursuance of this Act; and the same, if not forthwith paid and satisfied, shall and may be recovered in manner herein-after mentioned.,

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master or Owner of any Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Trespass, by reason of any such Damage or Mischief done or committed by his Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or other Persons employed by him or them, such Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or other Persons, and each and every of them, shall be liable to pay such Penalty or Damage, with the Costs thereof, to such Master or Owner j and in case of Nonpayment thereof upon Demand, and Oath made by such Master or Owner of the Payment made by him, her, or them of such Penalty or Satisfaction for Damages, and that the same, or the Costs thereof, have or hath not been repaid to him, or by such Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or other Persons, or any of them, although demanded (such Oath to be made before any Justice of the Peace of the County of Dorset, where such Penalty or Satisfaction shall have been incurred as aforesaid, or where such Mariner, Boatman, Servant, or other Person can be found), the Amount thereof shall be recovered in the same Manner as any other Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

Declaring

LXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein it may be what Service necessary or requisite for any Person or Party to serve any. Notice, Writ, Service6on° or ot^er Proceedings, upon the said Commissioners, the Service

th^Commis- hereof respectively upon the Clerk, Harbour Master, Collector or Col-sioners. lectors, or left at his, their, or one of their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or in case the same respectively shall not be found or known,

8 then

4? GEORGII W Cap. xxx. 455

their Servicet upon any other Agent or Officer employed by the said Comr missioners, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Commissioners.

LXXI. Provided always* and bait;further enacted, That in case the intended Improvements of the said Harbour and other Works herein-before mentioned shall not have been completed within the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the passing of this Act, then from and immediately after the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years all the Powers, Authorities, and Privileges given by this Act shall cease and determine, save only as to so much of such Works as shall have been completed within the Time aforesaid.

If Worlds not completed in Five Years* Act to cease.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That there shall from Time to Time Books of be provided and kept by the said Collector or Collectors, one or more Accounts to Book or Books, in which all Monies to be received by virtue of this Act be produced shall from Time to Time be fairly set down and entered, expressing the the* County Time when and the Name of the Person or Persons from whom the same Justices, at were so received; and that there shall also be provided and kept by the the Michael-said Commissioners one other Book or Books, in which all Sum and Sums mas Quarter, of Money disbursed and laid out by them, or by their Order, for the Pur- essl0ns* poses aforesaid, and the several Articles,. Matters, and Things for which the same have been disbursed, laid out, and expended, shall be duly set down and entered and in each and every Year at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel for the said County of Dorset, the said Book or Books to be kept by the said.

Collector or Collectors, and the said Book or Books to be kept by the said Commissioners, shall be produced and laid before the Justices at such Sessions* together with the proper Vouchers for such Expences and Disbursements, and the Justices then and there assembled shall and they are hereby requited to examine into, settle, and balance the Accounts from the said Books; and if the said Collector or Collectors, or the said Commissioners shall neglect or refuse to make and render such Accounts as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners and every such Collector or Collectors so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill,. Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and in case it shall appear to the Justices at such Quarter Sessions that the Rates and Duties then collected and accumulated are more than sufficient for the general Purposes of this Act, and for the Payment of the Interest of the Debt due and owing on the Credit of the same Rates and Duties, then the said Justices may order and direct such Overplus to be paid, so far as the same will extend, towards the Liquidation of such Debt so due to the Creditors to whom the same shall be due; and the said Justices may at such Sessions order and direct the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, to be reduced to such Sums as they may deem sufficient for the Purposes of this Act, and again to be raised and increased, so that the same shall in no case exceed the Maximum of the Rates or Duties hereby authorized to be recovered.

456

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damage, or Injury done by the Commissioners, the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods vested in such Commissioners, or their Treasurer.

Recovery of Penalties, by Action or Information.

Recovery of Pines, Forfeitures, and Penalties.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

vered, for the Repair of any Damage or casual or accidental Injury to* the said Harbour, or the Works connected therewith.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum of Money shall be directed or ordered by any Justice or Justices of the Peace to be paid in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever done or committed by the said Commissioners, or any Person acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Commissioners to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Directions or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels ,of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace; which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal'or their Hands.and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Prosecutor or Informer shall sue for and recover any Forfeiture or Penalty imposed by this Act, in the Manner herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), if the same shall be Twenty Pounds or upwards, it shall be recoverable by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which it shall be sufficient to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of , being forfeited by an Act passed in the Fourth

Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act]; and the Plaintiff, if he recover in any such Action, shall have full Costs, provided that there shall not be more than one Recovery for the same Offence, and that Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing be given to the Party offending previous to the Commencement of such Action, and that the same be brought within Three Calendar Months after the Offence for which such Action is commenced shall have been committed; and if such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not amount to Twenty Pounds, the same shall be recoverable only by Information before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, subject to Appeal in manner herein-before mentioned.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted or imposed by this Act, (the Manner of levying and recovering

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

covering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed) may, in case of Nonpayment thereof, be recovered in a summary way, by Order and Adjudication of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Dorset, on Complaint to him for that Purpose exhibited, and afterwards be levied, as well as the Costs of such Proceedings, on Non-payment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, who is hereby authorized and required to summon before him any Witness or Witnesses, and to examine him, her, or them upon Oath, of and concerning such Offences, Matters, and Things, and to hear and determine the same; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money so levied or recovered, after discharging the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture for wrhich such Warrant shall be issued, and the Costs and Expences of recovering and levying the same, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chattels distrained; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, for his or their Appearance before such Justice, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant, it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, or any other Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when so levied (the Application whereof is not otherwise directed), shall be paid to the Treasurer acting under this Act, and be wholly applied to the Purposes of this Act, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LXXVI. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Commissioners, Collectors, or other Officers appointed to put the same in Execution; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk or Clerks, Collectors, or other Officer respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons as shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and to take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, or such Offender or Offenders shall be seized and apprehended, and such Justice and Justices shall and is and are hereby required to proceed and act with respect to such Offender or Offenders according to the Provisions of this Act.

[Local,'] 5 Z

457

i tmu'I

For securing

transient

Offenders.

458

Form of Conviction.

Justices may

administer

Oath.

Collectors of Rates, &c. to be competent Witnesses.

Allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, 6r against afiy Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation made in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to §he Effect following; (that is to say),

Dorset, 1 < X)E it remembered. That on this Day of

to wit. j t in the Year of our Lord A. B.

6 is convicted before me C.D. one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace ‘ for the County of Dorset, of having [as the Offence shall be]; and I the said do adjudge him, £her, or them] to forfeit and

‘ pay the Sum of . Given under my Hand and

‘ Seal [or our Hands and Seals], the Day and Year aforesaid.*

And in all Cases where any Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are by this Act authorized and required to examine any Person or Persons on Oath, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer such Oath.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Rates or Duties, or any of them, or respecting any Matter relating to the said Harbour* Piers, Quay, or other Works, the Clerk, Treasurer, Harbour Master, Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason bf his or their being concerned or interested in the Execution of the said Works.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation of the said Commissioners, or by any Order, Judgment, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, or by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief is hereby otherwise provided, it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, next after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Time when the Cause of such Appeal shall have arisen, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Silt Days Notice at least in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the said Clerk, Harbour Master, Collector or Collectors, or such other Person or Persons, Officer or Officers appointed by the said Commissioners, some or one of them, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace acting within such Jurisdiction, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Magistrates assembled at such General or Quarter Sessions; and upon due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and the entering into such Recognizance, the said Justices at such Sessions before whom such Appeal shall be brought shall hear and finally determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as the 9 - Justices

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xix. 459

Justices shall think proper; and the Justices may, if they see Cause, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of any such Bye Law,

Rule, Order, or Regulation, and may also award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as to them the said Justices shall seem reasonable, and the Determination of such Justices thereupon shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Verdict, Judgment, or Proceedings other Proceeding touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or not to be touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders *or

against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or F0rm> be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding:

Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action J^Notice to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in of Action.'06 pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing, signed by his, her, or their Attorney (specifying the Cause of Action) shall have been given Satisfaction to the Defendant or Defendants, at least Fourteen Days before the same for special shall have been brought; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in an*age«. any such Action if Tender of Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no Tender of Amends shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants (by leave of the Court) at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments shall be made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Action against any Person Limitation or Persons for or on account of any thing done in pursuance of this Act, of Actions, shall be commenced after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise j and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County in which such Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere y and the Defendant or Defendants in all Defendant Actions or Suits so brought shall and may plead the General Issue, and j^yPlead give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence in any Trial to be had js'seue enera thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit was brought before Fourteen Days Notice given to the Defendant or Defendants, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demtirrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Re- Treble Costs, medy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have for Costs of Suit in any other Case of Law.

LXXXII. Pfo-

460

General

Saving,

Saving Rights of Lords of Manors.

Public Act-

4° GEORGII IV.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, defeat, lessen, injure, or interfere with the Estates, Rights, Interests, Privilege or Authority of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or of any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors or Administrators, other than and except such as are meant and intended to be barred and and regulated by this Act.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, defeat, lessen, or injure or interfere with the Rights and Liberties of Fishing and Fowling, and all Wrecks of Sea, and the other Royalties and Franchises of the Lord and Lords of the several Manors of Symondsbury, Burton, Bradstock, and Bothenhampton, within the Precincts or Limits of the same Manors respectively, as the several Lords of the said Manors now have or had before the passing of this Act, so that the Port or Harbour, and Basins, Quays, Wharfs and Works, and other the Purposes of this Act, be not in anywise defeated or destroyed.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such. by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULES

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

416

SCHEDULES referred to in this Act.

Schedule (A.)

RATES OF TONNAGE.

For every Ship, Hoy, Bark, or other Vessel of the Burthen of Ten Tons or upwards, which shall hereafter come into the said Harbour, the Sum of Two-pence for every Ton such Ship or other Vessel shall contain; and for every Ship, Hoy, Bark, or other Vessel as aforesaid, that shall be laid up unemployed within the said Harbour, an additional Sum of Twopence per Ton for every and each Month she shall be so laid up after the Expiration of the First Month.

For every Ship, Hoy, Bark, or other Vessel of the Burthen of Ten Tons or upwards, built at Bridport Harbour and sailing therefrom, the Sum of Two-pence for every Ton such Ship, Hoy, Bark, or other Vessel shall contain.

Schedule (B.)

s. d.

Ale Beer, or Porter - per Kilderkin o 2

- per Barrel o 4

- per Hogshead o 6

- per Butt I o

Alum - - per Cwt. o 2

Anchors - per Cwt. o 2

Anvils - - per Cwt. o 2

Apples and Pears - per Bushel I I

Ashes of all sorts - per Cwt. o 6

Bark (Oak) - per Ton I 6

Bacon or Hams - per Cwt. o i

Beef or Pork - per Tierce o 4

... - per Barrel o 3

- i, - other lesser Package o 2

Barilla - per Ton 3 o

Bottles of all sorts - per Gross 12 Doz. I O

Brass - per Cwt. o 2

Bricks, Bearers or Tiles - per i,oooo 2 6

Brimstone - - per Cwt. - o 2

Bristles - per Cwt - o 6

[Local."] 6 A Brushes

462

4° GEORGII IV. xix.

Brushes

Burr for Millstones Bags and Bed Sackings Butter

Bales and Trusses of Silk, Linen or Woollen Bells

- - Basket or Bundle

- per Cwt.

- - per Ton

per Tub, Firkin, or Half Firkin

- per Foot

- per Cwt.

Cables and Cordage, tarred or not Candles -Cannon -

Balls

Casks, empty; viz.

Pipes

Hogsheads ( .

Barrels (e h Other Casks J Chairs -

Cheese

Cider -

Coals and Culm Copper Sheathing

Bolts

——— other

Cages

Cement

Cork

Corks

Cornj viz.

Beans

Barley

Malt

Oats - " -

Peas

Wheat

Coffee Cattle; viz.

Bulls Cows Calves Horses Oxen Pigs Sheep Lambs

i

>each

Dye Wood

Dogs and other Animals Drugs

per Ton per Cwt. per Cwt. per Cwt.

per Dozen per Ton

per Chaldron per Cwt. per Cwt. per Cwt. per Dozen per Barrel per Cwt. per Gross

- per Quarter

- per Cwt.

per Cwt. each

per Cwt.

o

o

o

0

1

2 O

0

1

o

o

0

1

o

o

o

o

o

0

1

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

d.

4

2

0

1

14

2 o

O 2 O 2 O 2

4

2

I

1

3

o

8

4

6

3

2

3

0

6

2

1

o 4

Earthenware

a vo

4* GEORGII IV. kix.

463

,b s. d.

Earthenware - per Crate 0 "6

. - • - Half Crate - 0 3

Egg* ’ ' ' f fO,% »• 0 per 1,000 - 0 6

Feathers - per Cwt. ' m ~ m 0 4

Fish, salted - per Ton - •- I 6

Herrings or Pilchards - per Barrel • - - 0 3

Anchovies - per Barrel - 0 2

Salmon - - per Kit - 0 2

Flax - per Ton - 2 0

Flour - - per Sack - • O 3

- - - per Barrel - O 2

Furniture, in Case or Packages - per Foot - O 1

Flints - per Bag - O i

Glass - - per Case or Box O 6

. - Sides - *v O 6

—— - . - Crate - If O 6

Glue - per Cwt. m - - O 2

Groceries; viz.

Almonds -

for each Box, Basket, or other Package not exceeding 56 lbs.

do. from 56 lbs. to 1 Cwt.

Cinnamon Currants

Cloves ' .

Figs -

Mace

Nutmegs • -

Pepper

Pimento -

Plums -Prunes -

Raisins -

Ginger -Dates -Liquorice Sugar Candy Sugar, Refined, however packed - per Loaf Raw - - per Cwt.

above 1 Cwt. per Cwt.

Gunpowder Gun Stocks

Hair of all sorts

Hardware

Hats

Hemp

Hides

Hoops, Wooden

Honey

Hops

- per Cwt.

• per Hundred -

Cwt

- per Cwt.

Package containing less than i - per Cwt.

- per Box

- - per Ton

- - - each -

- per Bundle

- per Barret, 42 Gallons

- - per Bag

- - per Pocket

o 2

o 2

464

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

Horns

Hampers, containing

- per Cwt.

- i Dozen

- 2 Dozen

- 3 Dozen

- 4 Dozen

- 5 Dozen

- 6 Dozen

Indigo -

Iron, Pig and Cast

Bars, Pots, Hoops, Ware

—— Ballast

Junk -

Laths -

Lead -

Shot -

White, and Paints

— Black

Leather, and Leather Shreds Lemons and Oranges

Marble

Matting

Millstones

Melasses

Mops

Mustard

Nails

Nuts Oil

Oakum and Tow

Ochre

Oil j viz.

Linseed

Rape

Sperm

Sallad

Turpentine

Vitriol

Oil, not otherwise enumerated

Oil Cake

Onions

- not exceeding i Cwt. exceeding i Cwt., per Cwt.

- per Cwt.

- per Cwt.

- per Ton

- per Ton

- per Doz. Bundles

- per Ton

- per Cwt.

- per Cwt.

- - per Cwt.

- - per Cwt.

- per Chest

Half Chest, Box, or other 1 smaller Package - J

- - per Ton

- - per Roll , - per Cwt.

. - per Cwt.

•, - per Dozen

- per Firkin

- per Barrel

- per Cwt.

- per Sack

- per Bag

- per Ton

- per Cwt.

- per Cwt.

- per Cwt.

- per Cwt.

- per Chest or Box

’ j>- per Corboy

- per Cwt.

- per Cwt.

- per Bushel

s. d.

o 2

o I

o 2

o 3

o 4

o 5

o 6

o 3

o 2

o I

o 2

o 2

o 2

o 2

o 2

o 2

o 3

o 2

3 o

o I

o 2

o I

o 2

o 2

0 3

0 2

o 4

o 2

o I

o 2

o 2

o 2

0 6

o 2

o 2

o I

o I

Paper

4

465

4° GEORGII IV. ix.

Paper

Pelts

Pewter

Pipes, Tobacco Pitch and Tar Plaster of Paris Potatoes

- per Cwt.

- per Cwt.

- per Cwt.

- per Gross

- per Barrel

- per Cwt.

- per Ton

x. d.

O 2 O 2 © 2 O I o 4

0 2

1 3

Quicksilver

- per Case or Package -

o 6

Rags

Rice

Rosin

Rushes

- per Ton

- per Cwt.

-per Cake or Barrel

- per 12 Bundles

1 3

o I

- O 2

- O 2

Sail Cloth Salt

Salt Petre and other Salts Seeds; viz.

Flax

Hemp

Clover

Grass

Vetches

Rape

Flax, Foreign Canary

All other Seeds

Skins

Slates, Scantel

----Common

----Rag

Soap in Chests or Hogsheads

Spirits; viz.

Brandy

Gin

Rum and other Spirits

Starch

Steel

Stones, Grinding

Stone, dressed, free or paving -

— rough Freestone, Limestone other Stone Snuff -

- per Bolt

- per Ton

- per Cwt.

per Last, of io Quarters

- per Barrel

- per Cwt.

- per Cwt.

- per Cask ■per Bale

- per i,oooo

- ditto

- per Gross

- per Cwt.

- per Firkin, 64lbs.

per Pipe or 1 Puncheon J

- per Cwt.

- per Cwt.

- per Cwt.

{per ioo Feet, 7

Superficial Measure V or - per Ton - per Bladder

0 of

1 6 O 2

3 o

O 2 O 2

0 2 2 O

1 6

1 o o 6 o 6

O 2 o Ii

2 6

O 2 O 2

0 I

1 O I o

O I

Tallow

Tea

- per Ton

- per Chest

- Half ditto 6 B

o

6

4

Tea

466

4* GEORGII IV ix.

Tea

Tin

— Ware

Tobacco

Tongues, dried

Tree Nails or Trunnels

Twine and Thread

Vinegar

Quarter ditto Box per Box per Cwt. per Cwt. per Cwt. per i,oooo per Ton

per Hogshead Half ditto

s.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

2

d.

2

1

2 2

3

2

6

o

I o

o 6

Wax

Whalebone

Whiting

Wine

- per Cwt.

- per Bundle

- per Cwt.

- per Pipe

- per Hogshead

- per Load

- ditto -

Inches \ for every i oo \ - J running Feet J

Wood:

Square Round -

Deals, Plank and Boards, thick

And so in proportion for a less or greater Thickness.

Lathwood - - per Fathom -

Lignum Vitas - - per Cwt.

Mahogany Balk - - per Load

Board, 3 Inches thick \ ^or ev.eiT *00 X

° j running Feet j

And so in proportion for a less or greater Thickness.

Spars, each - 4 Inches Diameter and under

do. - above 4 Inches and under 6 Inches

do. - above 6 Inches and under 8 Inches

do. - above 8 Inches and under 12 Inches

do. - above 12 Inches and under 15 Inches

Masts, do. 15 Inches diameter and under 18 Inches

do. above 18 Inches

Staves, - above 4 Feet - for every 120

—— — - under 4 Feet - for every 120

All other Staves - for every 120

Wool - - per Ton

Yarn of all Sorts

per Cwt.

All Trunks, Chests, Boxes, Bags, Bales, 1 A

or other Packages, containing Goods j

exceeding 28 lbs.

above enumerated

and not exceeding 56 lbs. J —— exceeding 56 lbs. 1 and not 1 Cwt. J

o 6 o 2

0 1

2 6

1 3

1 6 o 2

2 6

H

3

8

6

o

0 2

H

1

o

0 3 o 6

All

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

All Trunks, Chests, Boxes, Bags, Bales, or other Packages, containing weighable and other Goods, not enumerated or particularly set forth in the above Schedule:

not exceeding 28 lbs.

— ---exceeding 28 lbs. 1

and not exceeding 56 lbs. J

exceeding 56 lbs.

and not exceeding 1 Cwt. )

- exceeding 1 Cwt. per Cwt.

Sand taken within the Boundary of the Harbour for Ballast or other Purposes

x. d.

0 3

o 6

o 2

O I

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xx.

An Act for amending an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for continuing and altering Six former Acts of their late Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for enlarging the Piers and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York.

[12th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of

His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to enlarge 5 G. 2.1.11. the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to explain 25G.2.C. 44, and amend an Act passed in the Fifth Tear of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled ‘ An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York,* and for making the said Act more effectual: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Duties and en- 3 g. 3. c. 42. larging the Powers granted by Two Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty• fifth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York : And whereas an Act was passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for further continuing the Duties granted by 18G. 3. C. 20. Three Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Tear of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of [Local.2 6 C York:

470 48 GEORGII IV. Cap. xx.

York: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the 41G.3. c. 69. Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for further continuing the Duties and altering the Powers of Four Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reignt for enlarging the Pier and Harbour ©/'Scarborough in the County of York: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the 46G. 3. C. 33. Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Tears of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour ©/Scarborough in the County ©/"York : And whereas 3G. 4. c. 22. an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for further continuing the Duties and altering the Powers granted by Six several Acts of their late Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for enlarging the Piers and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York: And whereas some of the Provisions contained in the said last recited Act are inconvenient, and it is expedient that some Errors therein should be rectified, and that the said Act should be amended in Manner herein-after mentioned : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-So much of rity of the same, That from and after the First Day of June next after ^relates to Pass^nS this ^ct> s0 much of the said recited Act of the Third Year the Payment the Re*gn of His present Majesty as enacted that from and after the of only One First Day of August then next, in lieu of the Duty on Coals granted or Half of the continued by the several former Acts therein and herein-before recited or reUea?edC°alS re^errec^ to> onty One Half of such Duty should be payable and collected p ' by virtue of the said last recited Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

DutyonCoals

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day IlG^ceg ^Une Duty on granted and continued by the said recited Act revived and E°rty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

continued till Third shall be revived, and be and continue in force and payable until June 1, 1830, the First Day of June which will be in the Year of our Lord One thou-Periodonl^1 san<^ e*£>kt hundred and thirty j and that from and after the said First Day Half Duty* ^une ^ne thousand eight hundred and thirty, in lieu of the said Duty shall be paid, on Coals, only One Half of such Duty shall be payable, collected, and paid during the then Residue of the Term granted by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty j all which said Tolls or Duty shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Commissioners for carrying the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution; and the same and every Part thereof shall and may be collected, recovered, paid, applied, and disposed of in such Manner as in the said recited Acts, or any of them, is mentioned with respect to the Tolls or Duties thereby granted or made payable.

So much of recited Act 3 G. 4. c. 22. as requires 11 Commis-

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as enacted that from and after the passing of the same Act no Order, Proceeding, Act, Matter, or Thing, made, done, or executed by or by the Order or Direction of

io the

4° GEORGII IV. xx.

the Commissioners (therein mentioned) in pursuance of the herein-before recited Acts, should be valid or binding, unless Eleven at the least of the said Commissioners should have concurred therein j and that all Orders, Proceedings, Acts, Matters, or Things, made, done, or executed by or by the Order of any Eleven or more of the said Commissioners, should be binding and conclusive on all Persons, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if the same had been made, done, or executed by or before all the said Commissioners, shall be and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Order, Proceeding, Act, Matter, or Thing, made, done, or executed by or by the Order or Direction of the said Commissioners, in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, shall be valid or binding, unless made, done, or executed by the major Part of the Commissioners present at a Meeting summoned and held according to the Directions of the said Acts, the whole Number present not being less than Eleven; and that all Orders, Proceedings, Acts, Matters, or Things, made, done, or executed by or by the Order of such Majority, shall be binding and conclusive on all Persons, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if the same had been made, done, or executed by or before all the said Commissioners; any thing in the said recited Acts or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incidental to or attending the obtaining and passing of. this Act, together with lawful Interest for any Money which shall be advanced for that Purpose, shall be paid out of any Monies already received, or to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

471

sioners to concur in Proceedings, repealed.

Majority of Commissioners may act, the Number present not being less than 11.

Expences of Act.

[Public Act.]

1)1WIT.

QUARTO

ANNO

IV. REGIS

t

sex; and for all passed in the Th His late Majesty to the same.

Cap. xxi.

An Act for appointing Select Vestrymen, Governors, and Directors of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the County of Middle* altering and amending Two Acts Thirteenth and Fifty-third Years of King George the Third, relating [12th May 1823.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable the 13G.3.<*.53, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the County of Middlesex, to pay Debts already contracted in finishing and furnishing their Workhouse, and on account of the Poor of the said Parish, and for their further Relief; it is enacted, that the Rector of the said Parish Church, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, and all and every other Person and Per-j*>ns (resident or not resident) within the said Parish, who are or shall be seised or possessed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the yearly Value of Eighty Pounds or upwards per Annum within the said Parish, and all and every Person and Persons who shall have served or fined for the Office of Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish, being Inhabitants, and who shall rent a Messuage, Lands, or Tenement x>f Ten Pounds a Year or upwards in the same Parish, and all other Persons being Inhabitants of the said Parish, and who shall rent a Messuage,

[Local.] 6 D Lands,

474

53G. 3. C. 113.

So much of recited Acts, as to Vestrymen, and as to Governors and Directors of the Poor, repealed.

Inhabitant Householders to be Electors of Vestrymen, Governors, and Directors.

Vestrymen, Governors, and Directors appointed.

4" GEORGII IV.

Lands, or Tenement of Fifteen Pounds a Year or upwards in the same Parish, and none others, shall be Vestrymen of the said Parish for the Time being: And whereas by the said recited Act it is also enacted, that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Vestrymen of the said Parish shall assemble and meet in the Vestry Room of the said Parish annually, on Tuesday in Easter Week, or within the Space of Twenty Days after, and they or the major Part of them so assembled shall then and there nominate and appoint Twenty substantial and discreet Persons, being Vestrymen and residing within the said Parish, who, together with the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being, and all and every Person and Persons (resident or not resident within the said Parish) who are or shall be seised or possessed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the yearly Value of Eighty Pounds per Annum or upwards within the said Parish, shall be and be called Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green: And whereas by a certain Act, passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and for making a more adequate Provision for the Rector of the said Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the County of Middlesex, and for more effectually lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving the Streets and other public Places of and within the said Parish; it is enacted, that the Rector and the Churchwardens and Overseers for the Time being of the said Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Greent and the several Persons therein named, being Thirty-two Vestrymen, Inhabitant Householders within the said Parish* and their Successors, to be nominated and appointed in manner directed by the said recited Acts of the Third afld Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be Governors and Directors of the Poor for carrying into Execution the several Purposes of the said last-mentioned Acts, and of the Provisions hereinafter contained, relating to the Affairs of the Poor of the said Parish : And whereas it is expedient to amend the said Acts: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much and such Parts of the said Acts as are above recited shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Male Persons who shall for the Space of Six Calendar Months have been Inhabitant Householders of the said Parish, and who shall have been for that Time assessed and rated in the Poor Rate Books of the said Parish to the Relief of the Poor thereof, in respect of any Messuage, Lands, or Hereditaments within the same, shall be Electors of Vestrymen, Governors, and Directors, and no other Persons whomsoever, except as herein-after mentioned; any thing contained in any former Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That Richard Bigg junior, Thomas Blanchette Thomas Bliss, William Bragg, William Bridges, Josiah Boydell, William Brown (Gibraltar Place), Thomas Bishops Robert Carpenter, William City, John Clarke (Brick Lane), Benjamin Clarke, John Cole (Fuller Street), Thomas Cole (Pollard’s Row), William Cobbett, Thomas Cutbill,

7 John

4° GEORGII IV. i. m

John Crew, William Daman, Edward Eagles, Alexander Forbes, Robert Gamman, Jonathan Gibbons, John Gilburt, Nathaniel Hardingbam, Thomas Harford, Daniel Hill, Thomas Horncastle, John Hughes (Bethnal Green Road), William Impey, Henry Jackson, Richard Jefferson, William Jones,

Richard Kain, John King, Lewis Levy, John Litchfield, John Male bar,

William Manneke, Joseph Mann, Thomas Marsden, Joseph Marshall,

Charles Stanley Masterman, James May, John Newport, Joseph Porter,

Francis Rackham, George Ransom, Isaac Rennoldson, William Saunders,

Thomas Simmons, James Soilleux, Samuel Stevens, John Toms, George Turner, Richard Vaughan (Church Street), John Walker, Thomas Water-low, Nathaniel Whales, William White (Hare Street), and William Toung, being Sixty Inhabitant Householders of the said Parish, (and who are respectively rated in the Poor Rate Books thereof at the Sum of Fifteen Pounds or upwards, in one Sum, as annual Rent or Value, and their Successors, to be elected as herein-after mentioned, shall be Vestrymen, Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, and shall continue to be Vestrymen, Governors and Directors of the Poor thereof, until the Mode of First Tuesday in the Month of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, when William Bragg, Richard Bigg junior, Thomas Blan- p chett, William Bridges, Thomas Bliss, Thomas Bishop, Josiah Boydell,

Robert Carpenter, John Clarke, and John Cole, being Ten of the said Sixty Persons, shall cease to be Vestrymen, Governors, and Directors of the Poor, and that then, or within Seven Days afterwards, the Electors of Vestrymen duly qualified as aforesaid shall meet in the Governor’s Room in the Workhouse of the said Parish, (due Notice of such Meeting having been given in the usual Manner immediately after Divine Ser- • ' vice on the Sunday next preceding such Day of Meeting, and shall then and there choose, nominate, and appoint Ten Persons, Inhabitant Householders of the said Parish, who shall be respectively rated in the Poor Rate Books thereof at the Sum of Fifteen Pounds or upwards, as annual Rent or Value, in the Place of such Ten Persons so ceasing to be Vestrymen, Governors and Directors of the Poor; and that on the First Tuesday in March in every succeeding Year, or within Seven Days afterwards, the said Electors of Vestrymen shall meet as aforesaid, and elect Ten Persons in the Place of Ten other of the said Sixty Persons who shall then cease to be Vestrymen, Governors and Directors of the Poor; and that the said Persons who shall so cease to be Vestrymen,

Governors and Directors of the Poor, shall be taken in alphabetical Order every Year, until the Remainder of the above-named Sixty Persons shall have been superseded, and from and after that Time the Ten Persons who annually cease to be Vestrymen, Governors and Directors of the Poor, shall be taken in Rotation in the Order in which they were elected, and that every Person who shall from Time to Time cease to be a Vestryman, Governor and Director of the Poor as aforesaid, shall not be eligible to be re-elected for One Year.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Vacancies which may from Supplying Time to Time happen among the said Sixty Persons and their Successors, Vacancies, shall be filled up by the said Electors of Vestrymen at the Time of their annual Meeting as aforesaid, and every Person who shall be elected to fill any such Vacancy shall stand in the Order of Rotation in which the Person was whose Vacancy he shall be elected to supply; but in case any Vacancy or Vacancies shall happen among the Ten Persons who would

cease

No Person to have a Right to vote who occupy Houses compounded for, or who shall have been excused the Payment of Rates.

476 4° GEORGII IV. i

cease to be Vestrymen, Governors and Directors of the Poor, at their next annual Meeting, according to the Provisions herein-before contained, such Vacancy or Vacancies shall be reckoned among and form Part of the said Number of Ten, in the same Manner as they would have been had no such Vacancy or Vacancies taken place.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be entitled to vote or be present at any Meeting or Meetings of Electors of Vestrymen, Governors and Directors, held in and for the said Parish, who shall inhabit any House, Premises, or Tenement, which are either compounded for by the Landlord or Owner thereof, pursuant to the said recited Statute of the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, or who shall,] within Twelve Calendar Months next before the Occasion upon which such Person or Persons shall claim to exercise the Right of Electors of Vestrymen, have been at his or their own Request excused Payment of his or their Rates on the Score of Poverty, or who shall within that Time have received Parochial Relief, or who shall be in Arrear for Six Calendar Months in the Payment of any Poor Rate or Duty after it has been made, provided the same shall have been duly demanded within the said Six Months.

Qualification

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, Estate^Go- of res^ent or not resident within the said Parish, who are or shall. be seised vernors and or possessed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Directors of Parish of the clear yearly Value of Eighty Pounds or upwards, over the Poor. anc| above and clear of all Deductions and Incumbrances whatsoever (Land Tax excepted), who shall deliver to the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, or One of them, a particular Description of the said Property in Writing, verified upon Oath in the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered and directed to administer), shall be and be called Electors of Vestrymen, Estate Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish.

Thirty Persons residing within the Division of the Tower Hamlets to be appointed Vestrymen, Governors and Directors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That within Thirty Days after the passing of this Act the Electors of Vestrymen, Estate Governors and Directors of the Poor, duly qualified as aforesaid, shall, upon Notice of such Meeting having been duly given in the Church of the said Parish, on the Sunday next preceding such Meeting, meet at the Governor's Room aforesaid, and shall then and there choose, nominate, and appoint from among themselves Thirty Persons, resident within the Division of the Tower Hamlets, to be Vestrymen, Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, in Conjunction with the Sixty Persons to be chosen, nominated, and appointed as aforesaid; and that when any Vacancy shall occur in the said Number of Vestrymen, Estate Governors and Directors, by Death, Resignation, Non-residence, or Disqualification, the said last-mentioned Electors shall from Time to Time in like Manner elect other Persons from among themselves, resident as aforesaid, to supply such Vacancies as aforesaid, and that such Ninety Persons so to be elected, together with the Rector, Treasurers of the Poor Rate Funds, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being, together with every Person who shall after the passing of this Act serve the Office

of

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

of Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish, and who shall be an Inhabitant Householder, and rated to the Relief of the Poor at the Sum of Fifteen Pounds or upwards, in one Sum, as Annual Rent or Value in the Poor Rate Books of the said Parish, shall be and be called Vestrymen, Governors, and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, and shall constitute the whole Vestrymen, Governors, and Directors of the Poor thereof, and no other Persons whomsoever; and they shall from Time to Time carry into Execution all the Provisions of the several Acts of Parliament heretofore made and now in . force for the Regulation and Government of the Poor of the said Parish, and shall and may use and exercise all such other legal Rights, Powers, and Authorities, as the Vestrymen, Governors, and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish respectively had and exercised before the passing of this Act, so far as the same may remain in force, and are not affected, or repealed by virtue of any of the Provisions herein contained: Provided always, that such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish shall be and continue to be such Vestryman, Governor, and Director of the Poor for One Year only after he shall cease to be such Churchwarden or Overseer,; . , • j

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- Act 110t to tained shall extend or be construed to extend to disqualify or remove afltecJ Com" any of the Commissioners or Officers appointed under the Authority of ofpav0. any Act or Acts for paving and repairing certain Streets, Lanes, and other ments. Public Passages and Places in the said Parish.

IX. And be it further enacted, That Elections for Vestrymen and all Election of other Questions shall be determined by a Shew of Hands, but whenever Vestrymet)* a Shew of Hands is not satisfactory, a Ballot may be demanded, and acted

upon accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not being duly qua- Penalty on

lifted, or not having taken and subscribed such Oath, and delivered a Persons act-true Description of his Estate in the said Parish under his Hand, shall e,n

presume to act as a Vestryman, Estate Governor, and Director of the

Poor in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the Proof of such Qualification shall lie on the Defendant, and it shall be sufficient on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove that the Defendant had acted at any Meeting or Meetings for the Execution of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That at any Meeting to be held in Rector or pursuance of the Powers and Authorities of this Act, it shall be lawful Minister for for the Rector or Officiating Minister of the said Parish, resident within ^nTl^eb# the said Parish, and he is hereby authorized to take the Chair at all such chafrman of

Meetings, if he shall be present.

Select Vestry Meetings.

6 E

XII. Pro

478

4° GEORGII IV. i.

Vestrymen,

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person tTattend w^° appointed or elected a Vestryman, Governor, and Director

to^disqua-’ of P°or of the said Parish, shall neglect to attend at least one Meet-lified. ing in any Year, he shall from thenceforth cease to be a Vestryman,

Governor, and Director of the Poor within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Directing a Book to be kept for the Entry of Qualifications of Estate Governors.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a Book to be called the Qualification Book shall be provided by the Overseers, and kept by the Vestry Clerk for the Time being, in which shall be entered alphabetically the Name of every Vestryman, Estate Governor, and Director of the Poor, so to be chosen as aforesaid, together with a true Description of the Lands, Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Parish, out of or from which Estate such Vestryman, Estate Governor, and Director of the Poor is qualified to be elected or appointed under or by virtue of this Act, which said Book the Electors of Vestrymen for the said Parish shall have free Access to, and the Right and Liberty of inspecting the same, upon Payment of One Shilling, and of taking Copies thereof, upon Payment of Two Shillings and Sixpence for each such Copy.

paying Ex-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Expences of presences o tie paring> obtaining, and passing this Act, and all other Charges incident

[Public Act.]

or relating thereto, shall be paid by the Treasurers of the Poor Rate Fund, out of the first Monies that shall be received by the Collectors, and paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the said Treasurers.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

479

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

I A.B. do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm], That I truly and bona fide am in my own Right, (or in the Right of my Wife), in the actual Possession and Enjoyment! or Receipt of the Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold (or Copyhold or Lease* hold) Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the County of Middlesex, of the clear yearly Value of Eighty Pounds above Reprizes, (Land Tax excepted), and that such Rents and Profits arise from and are issuing out of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments herein-after mentioned, that is to say, (here describe the Premises and Names of Occupiers). So help me GOD.

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words, So help me GOD.] 6

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823;

Moat

JiROIT

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Bolton and Blackburn Road in Sharpies, to the Blackburn and Preston Road in Hoghton, in the County of Lancaster, called the Sharpies and Hoghton Turnpike Road.

[12th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Turnpike 4ig.3. c. 123. Road leading from Bolton to Blackburn, at or near to the Lamb Inn, otherwise Fletcher’s Public House, in the Township of Sharpies in the Parish of Bolton-in-the-Moors, to the Turnpike Road leading from Preston to Blackburn aforesaid, at or near to Brindle Lane End, otherwise Foole Lane End, in the Township of Hoghton in the Parish of Leyland, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster : And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, which still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said recited Act be further continued j and it would be more convenient if the said Act were repealed, and other Powers and Provisions granted instead thereof: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike 3G.4.C. 126. Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of [Local.’] 6 F the

482

41 G. 3. repealed.

This Act to be liable to Payment of Money due on account of the said first recited Act.

Extending the Powers of.3G. 4. to this Act.

Bonds and Securities entered into under former Act to remain in force until satisfied and paid.

Trustees.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and that this Act shall commence and take Effect in lieu and instead thereof, and shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to Blackburn aforesaid, at or near the Lamb Inn, otherwise Fletcher’s Public House aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Preston to Blackburn aforesaid, at or neaT to Brindle Lane End, otherwise Foole Lane End, in the Township of Hoghton in the Parish of Leyland, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the Term and Tolls hereby granted shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on account of the said first recited Act, and also of such other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed by virtue of or become due on the Credit of the said first recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Remedies, Penalties, Exemptions, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall extend and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend to this Act, in as full, large, and ample a Manner, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same respectively were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, save and except where the same are or any Part thereof is expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, and Securities made or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with any of the Trustees for executing the said first recited Act, according to the Provisions and Directions thereof respectively, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed; and all Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, and Securities duly made or entered into by the Trustees for executing the said Act hereby repealed, to or with any Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees for executing this Act and the said last recited Act, and be observed and kept by them according to the Terms and Stipulations and Tenor thereof respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being acting for the County Palatine of Lancaster, together with Richard Ainsworth, Peter Ainsworth, John Ainsworth, Thomas Ainsworth, John Ashworth, Edmund Ashworth, Henry Ashworth, John Ashworth the younger, Thomas Ashworth, Ralph Anderton, Mathew Ainsworth, Charles Ainsworth, Robert Andrews, Joseph Birley, Ralph Boardman, George Blair, William Balshaw, Joseph Best, Thomas Brockle-

S bank

488

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

bank Clerk, John Booths Thomas Bolling, Edward Bollings William Bolling,

John Bolling, John Baron? Richard Cardwell, James Carlile, William Crompton, James Cross, James Cocker, John Cocker, Henry Casson, William Clayton, John Crook, Jonathan Cooper, James Crompton, James Chadwick,

Robert Darbishire, Richard Dewburst, Mathew Corr Dawes, Riclmrd Denham, Isaac Dobson, Benjamin Dobson, William Feilden, Joseph F.eilden,

Mathew Fletcher, James Fletcher, Richard Fell, John Gardner, Sir Henry Philip Hoghton Baronet, Henry Hoghton, Pitt Hewitt, Lawrence Brock Hollinshead, Henry Brock Hollins head, Thomas Howell, Thomas Hard-castle, James Hardcastle, Robert Heywood, Roger Holland the younger,

William Harper, John Heywood of Little Lever, James Heywood, John Horrocks, Lawrence Horrocks, William Hampson, Abram flaigh, Joseph Haydock, Samuel Hoghton, Thomas Heelis, Edmund Haworth, John Jones,

John Johnson, Robert Johnson, Andrew Knowles, John Knowles of Turton,

Richard Kay, James Kay, Andrew Kellie, Thomas Livesey, Richard Leonard, Robert Lomax, Roger Langshaw, William Longworth, John Lum,

Robert Lord, John Mawdsley, William Makant, Robert Makant, John Moore, John Mason, James Orrell, John Pilkington, William Pickering,

Samuel Pennington, Benjamin Rawson, Thomas Rawson, Benjamin Rawson the younger, William Rawson, John Ravald, Peter Rothwell, Peter Roth-well the younger, Zacharias Rushforth, John Ashton Ratcliffe, Thomas Rushton, John Rostron, Henry Sudell, Thomas Slater, George Slater, James Slater, Igdeliah Seddon, John Stanton, James Scowcroft, John Taylor, William Garnett Taylor, Thomas Thwaites, Lawrence Wright, Henry Wright Clerk, Thomas Wright, William Wright, John Whittle of Brindle, William Woods, John Woods, and Richard Woodward, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for putting the said last recited Act and this Act in Execution.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized

and empowered, at their first Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, Trustees, to elect any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act and the said last recited Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby and by the said last recited Act appointed; and such Trustees so elected, and being qualified according to the Directions of the said last recited Act and this Act, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this and the said last recited Act, as if they had been hereby nominated and appointed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Trustees to be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act and the said last re- tak* an Oath cited Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in ^te the Acts and by the said last recited Act is directed and prescribed, and unless

(being so qualified) he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee, (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last recited Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned) take and subscribe before any one or more of the said Trustees an Oath, or being a Quaker an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ y A.B. do swear, [or, being a Quaker, do affirm], That I will truly, Oath.

‘ honestly, and impartially, according to the beet of my Judgment, f execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts te-‘ posed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in theuFourih

‘ Year

484

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

‘ Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled

* An Act, &c. [here insert the Title of this Act~], and also an Act passed ‘ in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act

* to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads

* in that Part of Great Britain called England. So help me GOD.

Which Oath or Affirmation any one or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said last recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Acts and Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

Meetings of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three the Trustees. or more Gf them, shall meet at the Bank Inn in Great Bolton in the said County, or at some other convenient House or Place on or near the said Road, on the Fifth Thursday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as may be convenient, for the Purpose of carrying the same and the said last recited Act into Execution; and that the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall and may adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and meet at the above Inn or at any other House or Place, as they or any Three or more of them may think proper; and that if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, the Meeting shall be adjourned, and that Two Trustees shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and that in case the said Trustees or any of them shall not attend, or shall omit to adjourn, then the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall adjourn the said Meeting, and appoint the said Trustees to meet at the Place where such last Meeting was appointed to be held, within Three Weeks next after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed to be held, and shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on the several Turnpike Gates on the said Road at least Ten Days before such Meeting; at which Meeting the said Trustees shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and a Clerk or Clerks, and also a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls and of all the Monies to be collected or which shall or may be due and payable under or by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, and shall likewise appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and that they the said Trustees shall and may from Time to Time remove all such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors and other Officers, or any of them, when and as often as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others in their stead, as to the said Trustees shall <seem proper; and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Tolls and

other

4" GEORGII IV. Cup.xxii. 485

other Monies to be collected and received under or by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, make such Allowance, by way of Salaries or otherwise, unto the Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers so to be appointed, for and in Consideration of the Care and Pains by them respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purpose of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk, in the Execution of this Act; or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Collector of the Tolls, Old Officers Surveyor, and other Officer and Officers nominated and appointed under natQC^g"3ue and by virtue of the said first recited Act hereby repealed, (save and ex- are ap_ rs cept the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees) shall hold and enjoy pointed, their several and respective Offices and Employments until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees; and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor or other Officer or Officers, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he or they had been nominated or appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said first recited Act, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said first recited Act had not been repealed.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who have been employed, or who shall have received any Tolls or other Money former Act {Local] 6 G by to account.

Books used under former Act to be Evidence,

Treasurer and Clerk not to be the same Person,

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

by virtue or in pursuance of the said first recited Act, or who shall have in their Custody or Possession any Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings or Things relating to the said Road, shall account, pay, and deliver over the same to the said Trustees, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as* are by the said last recited Act inflicted in respect to the several Persons receiving any Monies, or having the Possession of any Books, Writings* or other Things, by virtue of the said Act and this Act.

Trustees may

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or erect'^Gates more them, shall and may as they shall think proper, continue or remove all or any of the Toll Gates erected by virtue of the said first recited Act, or which shall or may be erected by virtue thereof and of this Act, or either of them, and may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, any other Toll Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Road, and upon the Sides thereof respectively, or across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the same, and may also continue, erect, or provide a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniences, at or near each Toll Gate, and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, or discontinue such Toll Gates or Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think expedient j and also may take in and inclose from the said Road convenient Garden Spots for the said Toll Houses respectively, not exceeding One Eighth Part of an Acre to each Toll Honse; any thing in this or the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Power to sell

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said T 6 PHouses Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses o ouses. erectecj by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed on the said Road to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by. virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of *'■ Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road,

is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

Power to

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls following shall

take Tolls, be demanded and taken at each of the Gates, Bars or Chains, by such Person

c: or Persons as the Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, Cattle,

4S6

487

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same; (that is tfo say),

For every Horse, Mare, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, Tolls.

the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Score of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Score of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number s For-Five or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Curricle, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

For Three or Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any such Carriage, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any such Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling:

For One Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any such Carriage, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For Four or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, drawing SUch Waggon, Wain, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof Six or more Inches in Breadth, and under Nine Inches, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four-pence:

For Three or fewer Horses or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any such last-mentioned Waggon, Wain, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling and Two-pence:

For Four or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, or other such Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof Nine Inches or more in Breadth, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any such last-mentioned Waggon, Wain, or other such Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For One or Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any such last-mentioned Waggon, Wain, or other such Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling:

For Three or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Cart or any such Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof Six Inches or more in Breadth, and under Nine Inches, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any such last-mentioned Cart or other such Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling:

For One Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any such last-mentioned Cart or other such Carriage, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For Four or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Cart or other such Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof Nine . Inches broad or more, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence:

For Two or Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any such last-mentioned Cart or other such Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling:

For One Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any such last-mentioned Cart or other such Carriage, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For any Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Four and a Half Inches at the Bottom or Soles thereof. One Half more than the Tolls which are payable by this Act for any Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Beasts of Draught, drawing any Carriage of the same Description, having the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches: And

For.

488 4° GEORGII IV. ii.

For any Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Four and a Half Inches, and less than Six Inches at the Bottom or Soles thereof. One Fourth more than the 1 oils or Duties payable by this Act in respect of the Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Beasts of Draught, drawing any Carriage of the same Description, having the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Toll, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied as herein-after is directed.

Tolls to be •

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall paid but Once be subject to the Payment of Toll-more than Once in any One Day, (such Gate^ at CaC^ to computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night), for passing and repassing with the same Horse or Horses, Beasts or Cattle, through the same Turnpike, except as herein-after mentioned, such Person or Persons producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll $ and which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis, on Payment of the Toll.

Limiting the Number of Tolls to be paid in One Day.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, or their Lessee or Lessees, Collector or Collectors, to demand or take more than Five full Tolls the same Day on the whole Line of the said Road, from any Person passing or repassing in any one Day (to be computed as aforesaid) along the said Road with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts or Carriages; and that all and every Person or Persons, after having paid such Five full Tolls on the same Day at the Toll Gates now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Road, on producing Notes or Tickets denoting such Payments, shall afterwards pass Toll-free with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages during such Day (to be computed as aforesaid) through the same Toil Gates, or through any other loll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Road, or on the Sides thereof, except as herein-after mentioned.

Stage Coaches, Caravans, and Post Chaises to pay every Time of passing.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid j and the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise and other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Road on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

Exemption at

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Horses, Cattle, Gate" after or Carriages w^ich shall pass the same Day through any Side Gate or Bar having passed now erected or hereafter to be erected on the Side or Sides of the said Road through a made by Authority of the said first recited Act, and through the next Gate Side Gate, or or Bar now erected or hereafter to be erected across the said last-mentioned vice versa. Road, or vice versa, shall be exempt at the second of such Gates or Bars from so much Toll as shall have been respectively paid for such Horses, Cattle, or Carriages at the first of the same Gates or Bars which they shall

7 have

4° GEORGII IV. GpoA 489

have so previously passed through, by a Note or Ticket, which the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis, on Receipt of the Tolls.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Trustees may the said Trustees, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (of which One reduce Tolls. Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates now erected upon the said Road, and in some Newspaper circulated in that Part of the County) from Time to Time to lessen and reduce all or any of the Tolls granted by this Act, for and during such Time

as the said Trustees shall think proper; and afterwards, at any Meeting to be held as aforesaid, from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Act, and such Tolls maybe so lessened or reduced at the first Meeting to be held under the Authority of this Act, without the Consent of any of the Persons entitled to the Money remaining due upon the Tolls: Provided nevertheless, that after the first Meeting, the said Tolls or any of them shall not be lessened or reduced with- out the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five Sixths of the Money remaining due upon Mortgage of the Tolls.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Power to ex-the said Trustees assembled at any Meeting or Meetings to be held for that £°ns Purpose, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, if they in ment of any their Discretion shall think proper, to exempt all Persons who shall have of the Tolls passed the same Day through Three of the principal Gates or Toll Bar& the Third, erected or hereafter to be erected across the said Road, with any Cart, Wag- i^Gate. gon, or other Carriage, from the Payment of all or any Part of the Tolls

payable at the Third, Fourth, and Fifth of the principal Gates or Toll Bars which may be passed through the same Day, or at any of them, by any Person or Persons, on producing a Note or Ticket from the Collector of the Payment of Toll at the First of such Three Gates or Toll Bars so passed through as aforesaid, which Note or Ticket such Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis, on Payment of the Toll;: and the said Trustees are hereby empowered from Time to Time afterwards again to impose or advance the Tolls so taken off or reduced by virtue of the Powers aforesaid, or any of them, so that they do not exceed the respective Rates mentioned in this Act; provided that no Meeting be held for any of the last-mentioned Purposes, unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice at the least shall have been given thereof in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes which shall be then erected upon the said Road, and also inserted in some Newspaper published or circulated in the said County.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies already collected Application or received under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year Moneys of His said late Majesty's Reign, or which shall hereafter be borrowed, the RoadT* collected, or received under the Powers and Authorities of the said last recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall be disposed of and applied

in Manner following; (that is to say), in the first Place in Payment and Discharge of the Expences of procuring and passing this Act, and all incidental*

Charges relating thereto and attending the same; and in the next Place in, paying and satisfying the Salaries and Compensation to be made to Officers and other Persons assisting in the Execution of this and the said last recited*

Act; and in the next Place in Payment and Discharge of the Principal and Interest of all such Sum and Sums of Money which have been borrowed for the Use of the said Road, upon the individual Security of the Trus-[LocaL~\ 6 fl 1 tees

490

Trustees may contract for the making or repairing the Road.

Parishes, Townships, and Hamlets liable to re-pair.

Restraining Trusteesfrom taking down Dwelling Houses, &c. without Consent

Regulations as to the Performance of Statute Work.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

tees or any of them, or any other Person or Persons; and in Payment of all Sum and Sums of Money due to the late or present Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Road or their respective Executors or Administrators, together with lawful Interest; and in the next Place in Payment and Discharge of the Principal and Interest of all such Sums of Money as are now due and owing under the Authority and upon the Credit of the said first recited Act, and of any Money to be borrowed by virtue of this Act and the said last recited Act, or either of them; and also in Payment and Discharge of the Expences of widening, altering, diverting, repairing, improving and keeping in Repair the said Road, and in otherwise putting this Act and the said last recited Act into Execution.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, diverting, widening, repairing or otherwise improving the said Road or any Part thereof, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and that all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees* or by their Clerk or Treasurer, Surveyor or other Officer, with any Workmen, or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the same, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Road made by Authority of the said first recited Act shall be deemed and taken to be the King’s common Highway, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts or Places through which the said Road now leads, passes, and extends, or shall hereafter, lead, pass, and extend, shall be and continue subject and liable to the Repair thereof, in like Manner and in every respect as they now are or heretofore have been by Law liable to the Repair of any other common Highway in the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, Districts or Places.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

i’)r-u'0»T£ 'L*} I ♦ v r> K .:• : ': ‘0 K '> ru* \hlli -V- 2*3IK

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors,.

8 by

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road lies; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the R epair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint;, and the said Justices may: also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts* to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways^; and^ if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes,

Townships,

492

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

[Public Act.]

Term of the Act.

4" GEORGII IV. ii.

Townships Hamlets, or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds $ and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials or Costs, or for any Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by, the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order, of such Justice or Justices from the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels, vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby, authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by. the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid 5 and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such, case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the case may be : Provided always, that the said Treasurer shall and may retain out of any Monies which may come into his Hands in pursuance of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all. Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre nnd Andrew Stjiahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

' H!fr*4|r ) 3fr ft

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road between the Towns of Cockermouth and Workington in the County of Cumberland.

[12th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled Aft Act for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Seaport Town o/* Workington in the said County: And whereas another Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Secondfor repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Seaport Town of Workington in the said County, so far as the same relates to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Tears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament^ the Term and Powers of Two Acts made in the Twenty-sixth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George' the Second, and the Nineteenth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing [ Local.] 61 the

26 G. 2, c. 49.

In aivwo*! .olt •> .fc.Uf,

oj U'iPUiMZ 1f'dl

19G. 3. C. 105.

41G. 3. c. 20.

494

SG.4. c. 126.

Three first recited Acts repealed.

Powers of 3G.4.C. 126, extended to this Act.

Appointment of Trustee's.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii.

the Road from the City of Carlisle in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Seaport Town of Workington in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general haws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : And whereas the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Three first recited Acts have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid, and borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected thereon, a considerable Part of which, with an Arrear of Interest, now remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts.be continued and enlarged, and further Powers granted; and it would be convenient if the Powers for managing the said Road were consolidated in One Act of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Acts of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, as relate to the said Road between the Towns of Cockermouth and Workington, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed; and instead thereof this Act shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Turnpike Road herein-after described j and that the Term and Tolls hereby granted shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on account of the said Three first recited Acts hereby repealed, and also of all such other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed by virtue of or become due on the Credit of the said last recited Act and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Cumberland, together with the Right Honourable William Lord Viscount Lowther, the Honourable Henry Cecil Lowther, Sir Philip Musgrave Baronet, Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane Baronet, Sir James Graham of Edmund Castle, Baronet, Francis Fletcher Vane, John Lowther, John Christian Curwen, John Henry Lowther, William Wilson Car us Wilson, William James, William Browne, Henry Curwen,

4 John

4* GEORGII IV. xxiii. 495

John Christian, Ralph Cooke, Joseph Dykes Ballantine Dykes, Milham Hartley, Wilfrid Lawson, James Clarke Satterthwaite, Humphrey Senhouse (Netherall), Humphrey Senhouse (Hameshill), John Spedding, James Spedding, James Steel, Thomas Wybergh, Richard Watts, the Reverend James Satterthwaite D.D., John Benson Clerk, Lancaster Dodgson Clerk,

Edward Fawcett Clerk, Peter How Clerk, Humphrey Archer Harvey Clerk, Henry Lowther Clerk, John Langton Leech Clerk, John Rudd Clerk, Edward Stanley Clerk, Richard Atkinson, Joseph Birbeck, Thomas Birkett» John Bacon, Isaac Brown, Mordaunt Lawson Clennell, Daniel Clift, Robert Cort, Richard Cooke, Fretchville Lawson Ballantine Dykes,

William Dixon, William Dobinson, John Dodgson, Thomas Dixon, William Fell, John Fisher (Cockermouth), John Fletcher, David Fletcher, Jo/6»

Sanderson Fisher, John Fawcett, John Wilson Fletcher, Joseph Fisher,

John Fisher (Coldkeld), Andrew Green, John Harris, John Hudson,

John Hodgson, John Hartley, Ponsonby Harris, Joseph Harris, Nathaniel Nicholson, John Norman, Peter Nicholson, Allan Pearson, John Peat,

Jonathan Peile, William Paisley, William Rudd, John Rib ton, Thomas Rudd, Humphrey Senhouse the younger, JoZw Jo/w Stamper, Thomas Spedding, Thomas Smith, Matthew Smith, William Swinburn, Miles Steel, William Senhouse, William Salkeld, John Thompson, Henry Tesh-maker Thompson, Benjamin Thompson, Charles Thompson, William Wybergh,

John Watson, Roger Williamson, John Wilson, Joseph Walker, Skelton Wood, Joseph Ratcliffe Wilson, John Ashley Wittaker, William Wood, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Turnpike Road between the Towns of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid, and for carrying into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His preserif Majesty as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to ap-Trustees, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (of which Meet- point addling and of the Purpose thereof Fourteen Days Notice shall be given tlonal Trus" as is directed by the said last recited Act, respecting the Appointment of tees* Trustees on Vacancies), to elect, nominate, and appoint any Number of

fit Persons, not exceeding Three, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed; and such Trustees so elected and appointed shall be, and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said last recited Act and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed by this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be Trustee* to capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless he sworn, he shall be qualified in sruch Manner as in and by the said recited Act,

passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and prescribed; and unless (being so qualified) he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe before one or more of the said Trustees, (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same,) the Oath following; (that is.to say),

496 4° GEORGII IV. C>.xxiii.

c T do swear, That I will truly and impartially,

according to the best of my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee ‘ by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act \_bere set forth the 4 Title of this Act'], and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled ['here set forth the Title of the said recited Act made in the Third Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty.1

'So help me GOD.’

And if any Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

First Meeting

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at

of Trustees. Broughton Cross House, on Friday the Ninth Day of May next, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Twelve in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon, and shall then proceed to carry the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign, of His present Majesty and this Act into Execution.

Appointing

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they Officers, are hereby empowered by Writing under their Hands to appoint such Col-Salari*s, &c. je(itC)r or Collectors of the Tolls arising on the said Road, and Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Suveyors of the said Road* and such other Officers as the said Trustees shall think necessary, and such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors and other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove, and on Removal, Death, or Resignation of any such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors or other Officers, to appoint others in their Stead; and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any of the Monies arising by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, to allow and pay to the several Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting them, or any of them, in or about the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Services, as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable.

Clerk not to

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be act as Trea- lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed

to

.4* GEORGII IV0 Cap. xxiii.

to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk, or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk, or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Clerk, Surveyor, and all other Officers (except the Treasurer), who have been appointed under and employed in the Execution of such Parts of the said former Acts as are hereby repealed, shall respectively continue to exercise their Offices under this Act, until they shall respectively die, resign, or be displaced, or be removed by the said Trustees, or be incapable of executing them, and shall be subject to the like Rules and Regulations, and Pains and Penalties, in all respects whatsoever, as if they had been appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or have been employed, or who have received any Tolls or other Money on account of the said Road, or who have or shall have in their Custody or Possession any Money, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to the Road by this Act directed to be improved and repaired, shall account for and pay and deliver over the same, and every Part thereof, to the Trustees in and by this Act named and appointed, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as the several Collectors and other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of this Act are, by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, required to pay or account for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing such Parts of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if such Parts of the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements and Securities, made or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with any of the said Trustees for executing the said Three first recited Acts, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law, until the same are fully satisfied and per-

[ Local.] 6 K formed $

497

surer, and vice vers&.

Officers to continue.

Books, 8cc. relative to former Acts, to be delivered to the Trustees under this Act.

Books used under former Acts to be Evidence.

Securities entered into under the former Acts to remain in force until satisfied.

498 4° GEORGII IV. Captidil

fortned; and alt Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages and Securities, duly made and entered into by the said Trustees for executing the said Three first recited Acts hereby repealed, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees for executing this Act, and be observed and kept by them according to the Terms, Stipulations, and Tenor thereof.

power to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they continue^ and al-e hereby authorized to continue or remove all or any of the T611 Gates Toll Gates and Toll Houses which have been erected in, upon, or across any Houses, &c. Part of the said Road between the Towns of Gockermouth and Workington, by virtue of sudh Parts of the said Acts hereby repealed, and shall and may erect or cause to be erected such and so many other Toll Gates and Toll Houses, Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, in, upon, or across any Part of 4Uch Road, and also in, upon, and across such Parts and in such Places of the said Road by this Act directed to be widened, improved, and kept in Repair and also such and so many Toll Gate or Toll Gates on the Sides of the said Road, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and expedient; and also shall or may erect or provide a Toll House, with suitable Buildings, a Garden land, other Conveniences, not exceeding One Fourth Part df a Statute Acre of Land at or near each of the said Toll Gates.

Power to sell

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said the present Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses Toll House*. erectecj Upon the said Road between Cockermouth and Workington, by Virtue of such Parts of the said Acts hereby repealed, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Out Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees-9 or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground, or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

Power to

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

take Tolls. Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by virtue of this Act Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take the several Tolls following, at the Toll Gates or Toll Bars, or Toll Gate or "loll Bar, or Side Gate or Side Bar already erected upon the said Road, be-

tween

. 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii. 499

tween Gockermouth and Workington, by virtue of such Parts of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and which by virtue of this Act shall be continued or erected, in, upon, or across;

.any Part of the said Road, and across or on the Side of any Lane, Road, or Way leading into or out of any Part of the said Road, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mole, or Ass drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Tolls. Phaeton, Curricle, Chariot, Chaise, Calash, Hearse, Caravan, Chair or such like Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, dr other such like Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels whereof are of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other such like Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels whereof are of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half and under Six Inches, the Sum bf One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or r other such like Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels whereof are of less Breadth than Four Inches and a Half, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse, Mule or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny; but that for every Horse, Mule or Ass, or other Beast drawing any Cart or other Carriage laden with Coals, and passing through any of the Toll Gates erected or to be erected by virtue hereof, there shall be demanded and paid the Sum of One Penny and no more; and for every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast laden with Coals and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny, and no more:

For every Drove ,of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number; and for every Drove of Hogs or Pigs, Calves, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of ? Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number.

And the said respective Tolls shall (subject to the Restrictions and Ex- Tolls to he emptions in the said last recited Act and this Act contained) be demanded paid before and taken before any Horse, Mule or other Beast, Coach, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, or Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Calves,

Sheep, Lambs or Swine, be permitted to pass through any Toll Gate erected or to be erected or continued upon the said Road by virtue of this Act, or in, upon, or across any Lane, Street, or Way leading into the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Tolls by the Toils to be said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty vested in and this Act authorized to *be taken, shall be vested in the said Trustees, rrustees* and the same and every Part thereof shall be levied, collected, paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned in Manner directed by the said last-mentioned Act and this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no more than One full Toll No more shall be taken upon the said Road, for the same Horses, Beasts, Cattle than One full and Carriages passing through all or any of the Toll Gates erected or to ^enin^n be erected across or on the Sides of the said Road in any one Day, such One £>ay‘ Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve

of the Clock in the next succeeding Night.

- ' XVIII. Pro-

500

Stage

Coaches, &c. to pay each Time of passing.

Chalk and Lime exempt from Toll.

Application of Tolls.

Trustees restrained from pulling down Dwelling Houses without Consent of the Owners.

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and in respect of all Horses drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers for Payment, Hire or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Gate or Bar, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat, and that the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaises and other Carriage carrying Passengers for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Road on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Chalk and Lime passing through any of the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars on the said Road shall be and the same is hereby exempt from the Payment of any Toll, provided the same be used only for Manure.

XX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Tolls and other Monies to be collected and levied under or by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, the said Trustees shall, after Payment of the Charges and Expences incurred in, about, and relating to the obtaining and passing of this Act, defray the Expence and Charge of erecting and providing the Turnpikes, Toll Gates, and Toll Houses, and of repairing, widening, altering, turning, keeping in Repair and improving the said Road, and of executing the other Purposes of the said last recited Act and this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had or obtained for that Purpose.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said 1 rustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such

Justice

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii. 501

Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices i§ and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to'him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned, on Demand, to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being (as the Case may be) :

Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

' XXIII, And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or Statute shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards Labour, the repairing and amending the said Road, shall be and remain liable thereto in like Manner in every respect as they now are or have heretofore been; arid it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices-of the Peace in and for the said County of Cumberland, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor of the said Road, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places in or through which the said Road does or shall lie, lead, or pass; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu ol or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish,

Hamlet, or Place, to bring in a List before the said Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such’ Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and; liable to do Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be,

done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and on such Part of the said Road as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Hamlets and Places respectively, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer such Proportion of the Composition for Sta-[Local.'] 6 L tute

502 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xx iii.

tute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force or effect for Repairs of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on any Part of the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle and negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

Money to be applied towards a Sinking Fund.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Thirteenth Day of May next, the Sum of One Pound per Centum per Annum on the Amount of ail principal Monies due and secured on the Tolls of the said Road, and on the Amount of every further Sum of Money which shall be borrowed or taken up at Interest on the Credit or Security of the Tolls of the said Road, shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be appropriated and paid out of the said Tolls, in order to form a Sinking Fund for the gradual Payment of all and every the said Monies; and that after the Payment of any such principal Monies, the full Interest which would have been otherwise payable for or in respect of the same to the Creditor or respective Creditors, shall from thenceforth and during the Continuance of this Act be appropriated and paid out of the said respective Tolls in aid of the said Sinking Fund; and that as often as such Sinking Fund shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, that Sum, and such Part of the Balance of any Other Monies in the Hands of the Trustees as they shall think proper, shall be applied in Payment of an equal Amount of the principal Monies then remaining due or owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls of the said Road, rateably or by Lot among the said Creditors, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

6

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall be and continue in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

503

[Public Act.]

Term and Continuance of this Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Garstang to the Town of Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, and the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of Slyne with Hest to Hest Bank, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[12th May 1823 ]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road 24G.2.C. 2& from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland : And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act 22G.3. c. 8S. to continue the Term of an Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to 43G. 3. c. 54, continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts made [Locall] 0 M

m

506

3G. 4.C. 126.

Actsrepealed.

Powers of 3 G. 4. extended to this Act.

4° GEORGII IV.

in the Twenty-fourth Year of His late Majesty and the Twenty-second of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, and for maintaining and keeping in repair the Road from the Guide Post, in the Township of Slyne with Hest, to a Place called Hest Bank, in the said Township: And whereas the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Acts for the District of Road leading from Garstang, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Heiring Syke aforesaid, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted and authorized to be taken by the said Acts on the said District of Road, the whole of which Sums remain due and owing and cannot be discharged, nor can the said District of Road be kept in repair and improved, unless further Provision be made by Parliament for imposing Tolls or Duties for that Purpose, and for altering, increasing, and regulating the same : And whereas the Powers and Provisions granted by the said recited Acts have been found defective and insufficient, and it would be more beneficial to the Public if the same Acts were (so far as the same or any of them relate to that Part of the said Roads as lies between the said Town of Garstang and the said Place called Heiring Syke, and also between the said Guide Post, in the said Township of Slyne with Hest and Hest Bank) repealed, and further and more effectual Powers granted in lieu thereof: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, the said recited Acts of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second and the Twenty-second and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third (so far as the same or any of them relate to that Part of the said Roads as lies between the said Town of Garstang and the said Place called Heiring Syke, and also between the said Guide Post in the said Township of Slyne with Hest and Hest Bank) shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and that instead thereof this Act shall from thenceforth commence and be put in Execution during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually repairing, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the said Road from the said Town of Garstang to the said Town of Lancaster, and to the said Place called Heiring Syke, and the said Road from the said Guide Post in the said Township of Slyne with Hest to Hest Bank, all in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

4 Payments,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv. 507

Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act) shall be as good, valid, and effectual, for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and New Term Tolls hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby made subject and and Tolls livable to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed and are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be '

taken by the said Three first recited Acts, or any of them, within the said District of Road, and of all Interest due and to become due thereon, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due on the Security of the Tolls •or Duties by this Act granted; and that all and every Person and Persons owing any Rent or Rents, or other Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing such Acts for the said District of Road, or to any Person or Persons for the Benefit of the said Trust, shall be liable to the Payment thereof to the Trustees for executing this Act j and that all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities, entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for executing the said Acts, or any of them, for the said District of Road, or with the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, according to the Provisions and Directions of the said recited Acts, shall rem&in in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed on account and for the Benefit of the said District of Road under this Act; and all Orders, Contracts, and Agreements already made or entered into by the said Trustees for executing the said Acts, for the said District of Road, hereby repealed, to or with any Person or Persons shall, so far as the same are not altered or avoided by this Act, remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees under this Act, according to the Terms and Stipulations thereof respectively, in such and the like Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Roads and Portions of Roads to Road made, opened, widened, diverted, shut up, abandoned, or dis- cdnue^as continued, under or by virtue of the Powers or Provisions of the said ?"0effes* Acts hereby repealed, or the Trustees acting under the same, within Act. the said District of Road, shall remain and continue open, widened, diverted, shut up, abandoned, and discontinued (subject nevertheless to the Powers and Provisions herein-after contained); and the Trustees under this Act shall be and they are hereby discharged from the Repair, Care, and Management of all Roads or Portions of Road so shut up, abandoned, or discontinued, in such and the like Manner as if the said Three first recited Acts had not been repealed.

V. And whereas the Trustees acting under the said Acts of the Authorizing Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty .King George the Trustees the Second, and the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His said late execute

Majesty DemUon8

508

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.\xiv.

notwith- Majesty King George the Third, or one of them, have, by virtue and standing the in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities vested in them by the former Acts or one them, ordered the Line or Path of the said Dis-

trict of Road to be diverted for or in Three certain Parts or Portions thereof; that is to say, one Part or Portion thereof lying in the Townships of Dalton and Priest Hutton, between a certain Place called Deerslott Gate, and a certain other Place called Longlands Inn, in order to avoid passing over a Hill called Buckstone Hill; one other Part or Portion thereof, lying between the Second Mile Stone standing on the said District of Road, in the Township of Scotforth, Southward of the Town of Lancaster, and the South-west End of a certain Village in the Township of Ellel, called Galgate, in order to avoid passing over a certain Hill called Galgate Hill; and one other Part or Portion thereof, lying between a certain Place in the said Township of Ellel, also Southward of the said Town of Lancaster, called the Grange Gates, and a certain Place called the Middle Hollins, lying in the Township of Cleveley, in order to avoid passing over Two Hills, called Salt Oak Hilly and Foxhole*s Hill; and the said Diversions are staked or otherwise marked out, and the said Trustees have contracted with the several Owners of the Lands through which the said Diversions are intended to be carried for the Land necessary to make such Diversions, and have paid the Purchase Money for the principal Part thereof, and the same Diversions are now making and executing, but are not completed, and the same will not be quite completed before the passing or this Act; be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said Acts, make, execute, and complete the said several Diversions of the said Road over the Lands or Grounds so contracted or agreed for as aforesaid, in case the same shall not be completed before the Commencement of this Act j and that after the said Diversions of the said Road shall be completed, the same shall respectively be deemed and taken to be and shall be Parts of the said District of Road intended to be hereby repaired and improved, to all Intents and Purposes, and as much as if the same had been made, executed, and completed before or at the Time of the passing of this Act; and that from and after such several Diversions shall be completed, the said Trustees shall be and they are hereby discharged from any further Repair, Care, or Management of the said Parts or Portions of the said District of Road, which shall by or in consequence of such Diversions be abandoned as Parts or Portions of the Line of the said District of Road.

Trustees appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Lancaster, together with the Right Honourable Archibald Hamilton commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, John Armstrong, John Armstrong the younger; John Albright, Thomas Albrighty William Atkinsont William Waltham Atkin-son, Richard Atkinson, Montague Farrer Ainsfie, the Reverend Gilbert Ainslie, James Atkinson, James Booth, John Brock bank, John Bradshaw, George Barrow, Richard Sparling Berry, John Bond, Thomas Bowes, Robert Bradley , Robert Greene Bradley John Bolden, Christopher Burrow,

George

509

4° GEORGII IV. xxiv.

George Burrow, Thomas Butler Clerk, Bartholomew Bradshaw,

Thomas Bell, Thomas Brown, Thomas Buttle, ,/o/m Fenton. Caw-thorne, Edmund Clowes, James Carter, Edward Camming, Roger Carus, Francis Carter, David Campbell Doctor of Physic, Christopher Clark, William Chorley, Thomas Butler Cole, Abraham Crompton,

Wharton Crompton, James Clarke, John Dent, John Dowbiggin, John Doc kray, Joseph Dockray, Edward Dawson, John Dodson, John Dodson the younger, John Dilworth, Ambrose Danson, Job Daker, John Dalton, Anthony Eidsforth, Thomas Edmonson, John Edmonson, John Ford, Abraham Rawlinson Ford, Joseph Fielding, Henry Fielding,

George Eishwick, Henry Gardner, John Gardner, Edward Greenalgh,

James Greenalgh, Thomas Giles, Thomas Giles the younger, Samuel Gregsbn,.:Samuel Gregson the younger, Thomas Greene, Robert Gillow, Richard Gillow, Charles Gibson the younger, Edmund Hornby,

Robert Hesketh, the Reverend Robert Housman Clerk, John Higgin,

John Higgin. the younger, Thomas Housman Higgin, William Housman, William Hinde, Joshua Hinde, Samuel Hinde, David Hathornthwaite, William Hall, James Hodgson, Frederick Keppel,

Frederic Walpole Keppel, John Kew, John Jenkinson, Richard Jenkinson, Robert Inman, Thomas Inman, Robert Jackson, John Langshaw, William Lamb of Hay Carr, John Lewthwaite, the Reverend John Manby, Stephen Moore, Thomas Mason, William Mason, James Barton Nottage, the Reverend William Nelson, the Reverend John Tedder, the Reverend James Tedder, John Teacock, Thomas Taget, Abraham Rawlinson, George Roger son, the Reverend Henry Sill, Thomas Sill, the Reverend James Stainbank,

Benjamin Satlerthwaite, Thomas Walling Salisbury, the Reverend Thomas Saul, William Sharp, John Stout, William Swainson, Abraham Seward,

Charles Seward, Henry Smith, Henry Smith the younger, John Scott,

James Sawrey, John Sharp, William Sharp the younger, Richard Thompson, William Thompson, William Thompson the younger, Edmund Tatham, Lazarus Threlfall, William Turner, John Taylor Wilson,

Richard Wakefield, John Welch, Thomas Woods, Richard Willock,

William Wilson Carus Wilson, Thomas Wilson, Richard Willis, John Webster, Alexander Whitehead, George Wright, the Reverend John Marsden Wright, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the aforesaid District of Road, from the said Town of Gars tang to Heiring Syke aforesaid, and from the said Guide Post in the said Township of Slyne with Hest to Hest Bank aforesaid, and for executing this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees Power to nominated and appointed by this Act, and they are hereby authorized appoint ad-and empowered, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which JVJeeting Ten Days Notice shall be given by affixing the same 1Ui ees‘ on the Toll Gates upon the said District of Road, and by Insertion in some public Newspaper circulated in the said County Palatine of [Local.'] 6 N Lancaster),

510

Trustees to be sworn.

First Meeting of Trus-tees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cup,xxiv.

Lancaster), to elect and appoint any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees, so to be elected and appointed, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, as if they had been nominated and appointed by this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and prescribed, and unless, being so qualified, he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee, (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, and the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned) take and subscribe, before any One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath or Affirmation following; (that is to say,)

* J A.B. do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do ‘ solemnly affirm}* That I will truly and impartially, according to

* the best of my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers,

‘ Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of ‘ an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty ‘ King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title ‘ of this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign ‘ of His said Majesty, intituled {here set forth the Title of the General ‘ Turnpike Act.j So help me GOD.

‘ [Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words So help me GOD.’]

And if any Person shall act (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person Or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath or Affirmation by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath or Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Town Hall, within the Borough of Lancaster aforesaid, on the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and

9 twenty-

511

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

twenty-three, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three in the Afternoon, and shall then proceed to carry the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, into Execution.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may and they are hereby authorized, at their First Meeting to be held under this Act, and at any Time or Times afterwards when they may think proper, and occasion may require, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to be entered in the Book of Proceedings, to nominate and appoint one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, Collector or Collectors, and such other Officer or Officers for tie said District of Road, as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to remove such Treasurers, Clerks, Surveyors, Collectors, and other Officers or any of them, and on such Removal, or when any of them shall die, misbehave, or resign their Office, or be incapable of performing their respective Offices, the said Trustees shall and may nominate and appoint another or others in the Stead or Place of such Officer or Officers as they shall remove, or who shall die, misbehave, or resign his or their Office or Offices, or become incapable of performing the same; and the said Trustees may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay to such Treasurers, Clerks, Surveyors, Collectors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting them in or about the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or of this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, and Services, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time deem reasonable.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Clerk, Surveyor, and other Officer and Officers (except the Treasurer of the said District of Road), who have been nominated and appointed under and by virtue of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices until they shall respectively die, resign, or be displaced or removed by the Trustees hereby appointed in Manner aforesaid, or who may be elected or appointed under or by virtue of the Powers and Directions given by the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and be subject to the like Rules and Regulations, Pains and Penalties, in all respects whatsoever, as if he or they had been nominated or appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partners of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the

Service

For appointing Officers, Salaries, &c.

Former Officers to continue.

Treasurer and Clerk not to be the same Person.

512

vf:l

Books, &c. relative to former Acts to be delivered to the Trustees under this Act.

) n

Books used under former Acts to be Evidence, & c.

Power to continue and erect Toll Gates, Toll Houses, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.*iv.

Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act; and if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit ‘6r Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

c>74pi ■-< U Ufiilfc Oil /; ,*iv> , iVOftlM 1 j

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, and other Officer, or other Persons, who is or are or have been employed, or who have received or shall receive any Tolls or other Money by virtue or on account of the said Three first recited Acts hereby repealed, for the said District of Road, or who have or shall have in their Custody or Possession any Money, Books, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers, Writings, or other Things, relating to the said District of Road, shall account for and pay and deliver over the same to the Trustees hereby appointed, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties, and with the like Powers to the Trustees for enforcing the Recovery thereof, as are directed with respect to any Officer or Person appointed under this Act by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said Three first recited Acts for the said District of Road, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to continue or remove all orany of the Gates, Turnpikes, Bars, and Chains now standing in, upon, or across the said District of Road, or on the Sides thereof, and also to erect or cause to be erected such other Turnpike or

Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains,

' n

-4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv. 513

in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Road, and any Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines as they may think proper, and also upon the Sides of the said Road, across any Lane or Way-leading into or out of the same, or which shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, lead into or out of the same, and also to continue, erect, or provide a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniences, at or near each Toll Gate; and that the said Trustees shall and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes, Toil Gates,

Bars, Chains, or Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think expedient; and also shall and may take in and inclose from the Sides of the said Road convenient Garden Spots for the Toll Houses respectively, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to seh said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Tollhouses Houses erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, on the said Districts of Road, to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, and the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, when they shall be considered by the Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act* to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Garden, and Appurtenances, to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple, and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is the said last recited Act directed to be given when any Piefce or Pieces of Ground, or old Road, not wanted for any Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to said Trustees, or any Person or Persons continued or to be appointed t&k Tolls, as Lessee or Lessees, or Collector or Collectors of the Tolls or Duties to be payable under or by virtue of this Act, or the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to demand and take at each and every Turnpike or Toll Gate, or Side Gate or Side Bar, continued or to be erected by virtue of this Act within the said District of Road, and from the Owner or Owners of or [Local.] 60 Person

514

Tolls.

o4

.-4" GEORGII IV. G^p.xxiv.

Person or Persons using, leading, driving, or attending any Horse, Mule, or other Beast, Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage whatsoever, or Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, before such Horse, Beast, Carriage or Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine shall be permitted to pass or repass, or return through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, or Side Gate or Side Bar, or any of them (subject to the Provisions, Restrictions, and Exceptions in this Act and the said recited Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, contained), the following Sums or Tolls, or such Sum or Sums, not exceeding the following Sums or Tolls respectively, as the Trustees acting for the said District of Road, at any of their Meetings, shall from Time to Time appoint and order; (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sura of Two-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Curricle, Hearse, Break, Whiskey, Gig, Chair, Car, or other such like Carriage, or Taxed Cart, the Sura of Sixpence:

For every Horse or Mule drawing any Stage Coach or other Stage Carriage, licensed to carry not exceeding ?\>ur Inside Passengers, and when drawn by One Horse or Mule only, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence:

For every Horse or Mule drawing any Stage Coach or other Stage Carnage, licensed to carry not exceeding Four Inside Passengers, and when drawn by Two Horses or Mules, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Horse or Mule drawing any Stage Coach or other Stage Carriage, licensed to carry not exceeding Four Inside Passengers, and when drawn by Three Horses or Mules, the Sum of Seven-pence:

For every Horse or Mule drawing any Stage Coach or other Stage Carriage, licensed to carry not exceeding Six Inside Passengers, and when drawn by Four Horses or Mules, the Sum of Sixpence:

for every Horse or Mule drawing any Stage Coach or other Stage Carriage, licensed to carry more than Six Inside Passengers, and when drawn by Four Horses or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling:

And for every additional Horse or Mule above Four, drawing any Stage Coach or other Stage Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, when drawn by One Horse, Mule, or other Beast only, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Stage Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, or other such like Carriage, when drawn by Two or more Homes, Mules, or other Beasts, the Sum of Sixpence:

!or every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Caravan,

6 Van,

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

Van, or other such like Carriage with Four Wheels* and when drawn by Two Horses, Mules, or other Beasts, the Sum of Nifla* pence: • 1 • " •. / ’ 'f : *V.

For every additional Horse* Mule* or other Beast above Two, drawing any such last-mentioned Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Score of Oxen, Cows, Or Neat Cattle* the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence, and in the like proportion for any greater or less Number: 1. . cV;

For every Score of Sheep, Lambs, Calves, or Swine, the Sum of Nine-pence, and in the like proportion tor any greater or lesd

Number.

915

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Tolls by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, authorized to be taken, shall be vested in the said Trustees, and the same and every Part thereof shall be levied, collected, paid, applied, disposed of* and assigned in the Manner directed by the said last-mentioned Act and this .Act.

/, • -tut i)W okut lid iLk ultUrW^* 'vdrtfid

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall have once on any Day paid the Toll or Duty, or Tolls or Duties, hereby imposed and directed to be paid for passing through any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be continued or 9et up on the said District of Road by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to pay any further Toll or Duty, or Tolls or Duties, for repassing, passing, or returning, however often, through the same Toll Gate or Turnpike or Toll Gates or Turnpikes, or any of them, (at which Payment of Tolls has been made as aforesaid,) with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages, on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night, if such Person or Persons shall produce and shew to the Collector or Collectors of such Toll or Duty, or Tolls or Duties, a Ticket or Tickets denoting the Payment of such Toll or Duty, or Tolls or Duties, on his, her, or their first passing through such Toll Gate or Turnpike, or Toll Gates or Turnpikes; which Ticket or Tickets the Collectors of such Tolls or Duties are hereby required to give {gratis) on the Payment of such Toll or Duty, or Tolls or Duties : Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the Trustees acting, or who may hereafter act for the said District of Road, to continue, erect, or set up more Toll Gates or Turnpikes than Two, across any Part of that Part of the said District of Road which lies between the said Town of GarsUuig and the said Town of Lancaster, nor more than One Toll Gate or Turnpike across any Part of that Part of the said District of Road which lies between the said Town of Lancaster and Hairing fyke aforesaid.

Tolls to be vested in, Trustee*.

Tolls to be paid only once a Pay.

516

Further Regulations of Tolls at the Side Bars.

ytf.O? >41

Stage

Coaches and Post Chaises to pay each Time of passing.

Exemption for Lime, &c

Exemption for agricul-turalrroduce.

4° GEORGII IV. >Cap. xxiv.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid the Toll hereby granted for the Passage of any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage through any of the said principal Gates, shall be subject or liable the same Day to the Payment of any Toll at any Side Bars to be erected as aforesaid, for the passing and returning of the same Horse, Cattle, or Carriage through such Side Bar j nor any Person who shall have paid the Toll at any of the said Side Bars, for the passing of any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage through the same, shall be subject or liable the same Day to the Payment of any Toll at the principal Gate immediately next to the Side Bar at which he shall so nave paid such Toll for the passing and returning of the same Horse, Cattle, or Carriage through such principal Gate immediately next to the said Side Bar.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage, carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be again paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like Manner as it' no Toll had been before paid; and that Toll shall be payable for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing Post Chaises and other Carriages travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said District of Road on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons shall be charged with any of the Tolls and Duties aforesaid, who shall pass through any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, with any Carts, Waggons, Wains, or other Carriages, carrying any Lime for Manure, Dung, Mould, or Compost of any Nature or Kind whatsoever.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act, for any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Dung, Soil, Compost, or Manure for improving Lands, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry (unless laden also with some other Thing not exempted, from Toll by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty), or any Hay, Straw, Fodder for Cattle, and Corn in the Straw, which has

Sown or arisen on. Land or Ground in the Occupation of the wners of any such Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, Potatoes, or other agricultural Produce, and which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor is going to be sold or disposed

of,

4° GEORGII IV. Cup.xxiv. 517

* i • f . nrY

of, or for any Horses or other Beasts employed in Husbandry, going to or returning from Plough or Harrow, or to or from Pasture or watering Place, such Horses or other Beasts not going or returning on those Occasions more than Two Miles on the said District of Road; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemption, not being legally entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay^any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Proof of Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming the same.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Trustees Authorities hereby, or by the said recited Act made in the Third

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, given, shall not in any j HouSgS ’ Case be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trus- without Con-tees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or sent of the any Part thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or °'v"cr9. Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twelfth Leases va-Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, all cated* Demises, Leases, and Agreements for Leases of the Tolls heretofore granted and payable at the Toll Gate standing on this District of

Road, called Beaumont Gate, and of the Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, shall cease and be void; and the said Trustees are hereby required to make a fair and just Compensation and Satisfaction to the present Lessee or Lessees of the said Tolls and Toll House and Appurtenances, for any Loss or Damage which he, she, or they shall or may sustain thereby, in case the same shall be demanded; and such Compensation and Satisfaction shall and may be recovered by such Lessee or Lessees from the said Trustees, in case of Refusal to make the same, on Demand made to the then Clerk or Treasurer, by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be No Priority of given to any Person or Persons who hath or have heretofore advanced Mortgages, any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-second and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, or the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, within the said District of Road, or who shall hereafter advance any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, or to his or their Assignee or Assignees, in respect to the Priority of the Mortgage or Assignment, or Mortgages or Assignments, or other Security or Securities for the same, or of advancing such Sum or Sums of Money, but that as well all Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall hereafter be made or given, his, her, or their Assignee or Assignees, -

i*[Local.~\ 6 P as

518 4 GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

as also all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment hath or have heretofore been made or given, shall (in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned) be Creditors under this Act, and in equal Degree one with another, without any Preference or Priority.

9+ -O JtltJ '0 (i 'J 4 j ,1 \ ftjsyjillX Cl U Ail »'l ',-i •'

Fur paying XXVII, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Creditors by the said Trustees shall at any Time be desirous of paying off any Lot. Portion of the Principal Monies now due and owing, or hereafter to

become due and owing on Mortgage of the Tolls payable on the said Districts of Road, it shall and may be lawful for them at any Meeting, (Notice of such intended Meeting, and of the Purpose thereof, being first given, at least Twenty-one Days preceding the same, by Notice to be affixed to the Toll Gates on the said Road, and to be inserted in some Newspaper circulated in the said County of Lancaster), if they shall think fit, instead of paying the same rateably amongst all the Creditors, to determine, by Lot to which of such Creditors the Whole or any Portion thereof shall be so paid, and to pay the same to such Creditor or Creditors only.

Trustees, Creditors, ike. may be Witnesses.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence, or be disqualified from giving Testimony or Evidence in any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other legal Proceedings, to be brought or had in any Court of Law or Equity, or before any Justice or Just ices of the Peace, under or by virtue of this Act, by reason of his being a Trustee of the said Road, or a Mortgagee or Creditor of the Tolls thereof, or a Farmer, Lessee, or Collector of such Tolls, or a Treasurer or Clerk or Surveyor, or other Officer under this Act, nor shall such Testimony or Evidence, for any of the Reasons aforesaid, be rejected or liable to be questioned or set aside.

Trustees not

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees smmiMia appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be per-ble to Moit- sonally subject to or answerable for or charged or chargeable with gages, &c. the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, by reason of their having already signed or executed, or hereafter signing or executing any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or other Security made or to be made of or affecting the Tolls heretofore payable under or by virtue of the said Acts of the Tw enty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-second and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, or any of them, under the Authority and pursuant to the Directions of the said last-mentioned Acts, or the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act: Provided always, that in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be defrayed out of the Tolls arising oil the said District of Road hereby directed to be amended and repaired.

5 XXX. And

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Sum of Four Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, per Annum on the aggregate Amount of all the principal Monies now due and secured on the Tolls of the said District of Road, and on the Amount of every further Sum of Money which shall be afterwards borrowed or taken up at Interest on the Credit or Security of the Tolls hereby granted and imposed, shall be charged on, and during the Continuance of this Act be appropriated and paid out of the Tolls hereby granted and imposed, in order to form a Sinking Fund for the gradual Payment of all and every the said Monies, in Manner herein-after directed; and that after the Payment of any such principal Monies the full Interest which would have been otherwise payable for or in respect of the same to the Creditor or respective Creditors, shall, from thenceforth and during the Continuance of this Act, be charged on and appropriated and paid out of the said 3 oils, in Aid of the said Sinking Fund; and that as often as the said Sinking Fund shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, then and in such Case that Sum, or any further Part of the Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer, if the Trustees shall think proper, shall be applied in Payment of an equal Amount of the principal Monies borrowed or to be borrowed by the said Trustees upon* the Credit or Security of the Tolls arising from the said District of Road, and then remaining due and owing to or amongst the said Creditors, without regard to the specific Fund upon which their Securities were charged, and either rateably or by Lot, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Monies already received under or by virtue of the said Three before-recited Acts, and the Monies which shall be raised or received under or by virtue of tins Act, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Trustees in Manner following; (that is to say), in the first Place, in paying and discharging all the Coats and Expences of and relating to the procuring and passing of this Act; secondly, in paying and discharging all the Interest which shall, at the Commencement of this Act, be owing to any Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the Tolls or Duties heretofore payable on this District of Road; thirdly, in paying and dischargingall Interest which shall hereafter accrue and become due upon or by virtue of any Mortgages or Securities which have been already made and granted of the "foils or Duties heretofore payable on this District of Road, and of any Mortgages or Securities which shall hereafter be made and granted of the Tolls or Duties which shall hereafter be payable on the said District of Road; fourthly, in defraying and discharging the Expences of erecting, finding, and providing Toll Houses and "Poll Gates or Turnpikes, and necessary Outbuildings and Gardens to be attached thereto, on the said District of Road, and of supporting and keeping such Toll Houses, Outbuildings, and Toll Gates in Repair, and the Expences of widening, diverting, altering, improving, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said District of Road; fifthly, in paying the said Amount of Four Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum for providing a Sinking Fund as is herein-before directed; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging

519

Sinking Fund.

Application of Tolls and Money borrowed.

520

In caae of Nonpayment of Cora-pensation for MfttcriAlfl) Damages or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trustees, or their Treasurer.

Regulations as to Performance of Statute Work.

4b GEORGII IV. iv.

charging the whole principal Sums of Money for the Time being due or to become due on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls or Duties

Santed by the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of is present Majesty and this Act, and all other Debts and Sums of Money now owing, and which may hereafter become due and owing by or on account of this Trust.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committe d by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace; which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation and Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury, as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Warrant as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, and the Inhabitants of all such Parishes, Townships, or Places, liable to do Statute Work upon, or to contribute towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said

County

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

County of Lancaster, and they are hereby empowered and required, (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or, Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justice from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Dayp after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also tbs Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of NPIPSS shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justice shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so> many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do; Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work; in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justice may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Wrork as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect oi refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse, or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, > or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if such Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle of negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees,

522 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and which Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster, on Complaint made to such Justices by the said Surveyor to the said Trustees.

[Public Act.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Continuance upon the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and of this Act. twenty-three, and shall from thenceforth continue and be in force for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

7

ydj no ci/ i

yrij to .JliUfcjM

iti

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxv.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, and the Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury.

[12th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An 30G. 2. c. 38. Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several Roads in and near to the Town Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford : And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the 1 hird, intituled An Act for reviving and continuing the Term and enlarging the 22G. 3. C. 103. Powers of an Act of the Thirtieth Tear of His late Majesty, intituled c An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford and for amending and keeping in repair the Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury in the said Counties: And whereas [.Local.] 6 R another

526

42 G. 3. c. 2.

3 G.4. c. 126.

Acts repealed, and thi« Act to be put in force.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

another Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-second Tear <f the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several Roads in and near to the Town c/" Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford; and also the Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, leading from Lpdlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury in the said Counties: And whereas the Trustees for the Care and Management of the said Roads have made considerable Progress in the Repairs thereof, and for that Purpose borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected thereon, Part of which Money still remains due; and it is expedient that the said recited Acts be repealed, and further and better Provision made for the Repair of the said Roads: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the Commencement of this Act, the said Three first recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein respectively contained, shall be and are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that instead thereof this Act shall then commence and take place, and be put into Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair the Roads leading from a Gate called The Knowle Gate adjoining to the Clee Hill, in the Parish of Burford in the County of Salop, down a Lane called The Park Lane, by The Rose and Crown, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Ludlow towards the Town of Tenbury, in the County of Worcester, and from Team Bridge through the said Town of Tenbury and a Lane called Prest Acre Lane, and from thence through Sutton to a Mill called Kyre Mill, in the said County of Worcester; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Tenbury, through the Old Wood Lane and over the Old Wood Common, to the Raddle Bank Hill, and from thence to Stockton Cross, in the County of Hereford, leading into and adjoining a certain other Turnpike Road from Ludlow aforesaid to Hereford, over Ford's Bridge, in the said|County of Hereford, and also the Roads leading from a Gate, called The Knowle Gate, adjoining to the Clee Hill, through the Parishes of Burford and Cainisam, to the Turnpike Road on the said Clee Hill, leading from the Town of Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer in the County of Salop, and from a Mill, called Kyre Mill, in the County of Worcester, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, to the said Town of Tenbury; and that the additional Term and the Tolls hereby granted shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due on the Credit or on account of the said Three first recited Acts or any of them, or which shall hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and the Interest due and to grow to ‘ due

527

4a GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

due thereon respectively, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed and become due and owing on the Credit or on account of the Tolls granted by this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements and Securities made or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for executing the said Three first recited Acts, or any of them, according to the Provisions and Directions thereof, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity until the same are or shall be fully satisfied and performed; and all Conveyances, Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, and Securities, duly made and entered into by the Trustees for executing the said Three first recited Acts, or any of them, to or with any Person or Persons, or by any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, to or with such Trustees, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees under this Act, and be observed and kept by them according to the Terms, Stipulations, Conditions, and Tenor thereof respectively,

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the Powers of

Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the 12J>.

Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Reme- ^his *A<Tt<. ° dies, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts

thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees. Peace for the Time being acting for the respective Counties of Salop,

Worcester, and Hereford, together with William Adams, the Honourable

and Reverend George Rushout Bowles, George Rushout Bowles junior, Sir Edward Blount Baronet, Henry Bromley, Thomas Botfeld, John Barneby,

William Barneby, Edmund Barneby, Joseph Beddard, John Bishop, William Childe, William Lacon Childe, William Childe junior, Jonathan Childe,

Edmund Lechmere Charlton, the Reverend IVateis Corbett, James Compson,

John Cheese, Thomas Dunne, Dansey Richard Dansey, Dansey Richard Dansey junior, the Reverend John Wood Duppa, John Fox Downes, John Dallewy, Thomas Edwards (of Sutton), George Edmunds, John Giles,

John Giles junior, the Reverend Edward Green, Thomas Green9 Thomas Green junior, Thomas M'Gbie, Charles Hanbury, the Reverend Henry William Hilly the Reverend Thomas Edwards Mytton Holland, Thomas Andrew Knight, the Reverend Samuel Johns Knight, the Reverend Charles Scott Luxmore, the Reverend Thomas Hill Perugrine Fury Lowe, the Reverend Peter Miller, the Reverend Thomas Elton Miller, the Reverend John Miller, the Reverend Joseph Kirkman Miller, John Joseph Miller, the Reverend James Mainwaring, the Reverend James Meakin,

George Meredithy William Meredith, William George Meredithy Edward Mytton, James Wakcman Newport, the Reverend Thomas Newport, the Reverend George Par doe, George Par doe junior, Edward Poole, Edmund Burnham Patteshall, the Reverend Thomas Rocke, Richard Rocke, the Honourable Thomas Harley Rodney, Richard Salwey, Sir Christopher Sidney Smith Baronet, the Reverend Francis Severn junior. Sir Thomas Edward Winnington Baronet, Thomas Winnington, Edmund Meysey Wigley, the Reverend William Bayley Whitehead, the Reverend Edward White-

Power to appoint additional T rustees.

Trustee# to be sworn.

528 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

head, Edward Wheeler, Vincent Wood Wheeler, Charles Walker (of Ashford), the Reverend John Walcott, the Reverend Charles Walcott, and Thomas Yarranton, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, turning, and from Time to Time improving and keeping in Repair the Roads herein-before mentioned and described, and for otherwise putting this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (of which Meeting and of the Purpose thereof Fourteen Days Notice shall be given, as is directed by the said last recited Act respecting the Appointment of Trustees on Vacancies), to elect, nominate, and appoint any Number of fit Persons, not exceeding Three, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed; and such Trustees so elected and appointed shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said last recited Act and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed by this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and prescribed j and unless (being so qualified) he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same), the Oath following; (that is to say),

Oath. J do swear, That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, execute and perform the several

* Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue 4 of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act'], 4 and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said

* Majesty, intituled [here set forth the Title of the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.]

'So help me GOD.*

And if any Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and ' effectual

529

4° GEORGII IV. xxv.

effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for executing this First Meet-and the said last recited Act, or any Three or more of them, shall meet ing of 1 ms-together at the Swan Hotel in the Parish of Burford, in the said County tees‘

of Salop, on the Thursday Week next after the passing of this Act, or so soon after as conveniently may be, and proceed to the Execution of this and the said last recited Act, and shall then and from Time to Time after adjourn to and meet again at such Time and at such Place or Places, within the Parishes of Burford and Tenbury aforesaid, or one of them, and not elsewhere, as they at their respective Meetings shall think proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three Trustees to or more of them, at any of their Meetings, shall and may from Time to appoint Offi-Time appoint a Clerk, and also a Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or cers» &c-Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads,

and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers j and on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Officer or Officers, may appoint another or others in his or their Stead, and Fourteen Days Notice shall be published on all the Turnpike Gates standing or being across the said Roads, of every Meeting where any such Appointment shall be intended to be made after the First Meeting of the said Trustees, specifying the Intention of appointing any such Officer or Officers; and the said Trustees shall and may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed, or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in and about the carrying this and the said last recited Act into Execution; and also all such Costs and reasonable Sums as they the said Trustees, or any of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers by them appointed, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace shall have been at, or put unto, or shall have expended in the due Execution of this and the said last recited Act, and of the Powers and Authorities given or granted thereby, or in defending or prosecuting any Action or Suit, Indictment or Indictments, Information, or other Proceeding whatsoever, for or on account thereof, or for or concerning any Matter or Thing whatsoever, which he or they shall have done or ordered to be done in the due Execution thereof, or in or about the Prosecution of any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever, which such Person or Persons shall have done in contravention of or contrary to this or the said last recited Act, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable, and to order and direct their Treasurer or Treasurers to pay and defray the same respectively out of any Money in his or their Hands arising from the Tolls hereby granted: Provided always, that the Clerk, Receivers,

Collectors, and Surveyors who have been appointed under and by virtue of the said Three first recited Acts hereby repealed, and also the Treasurer or Treasurers (if he or they shall have been appointed under the Provisions of the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, but not otherwise), shall respectively continue to hold and exercise such their several and respective Offices and Employ-[Local.~I 6 S ments

530

Clerk not

to act as Treasurer, and vice versA.

Books used under former Acts to be Evidence.

Restraining the Trustees irom paving the Streets in Tenbury.

Power to continue and erect Toll Gates, Toll Houses, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

ments until they shall respectively be removed therefrom by the said

Trustees for executing this and the said last recited Act, or resign the same.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts hereby repealed and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize or empower the said Trustees, or their Successors, or any of them, to pave or light any of the Streets within the said Town of Tenbury.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby authorized to continue or remove all or any of the Toll Gates and Toll Houses which have been erected in, upon, or across any Part of the said Roads, by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed; and shall and may erect, or cause to be erected, such and so many other Toll Gates and Toll Houses, Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, in, upon, or across any Pan of the said Roads, and also in, upon, and across such Parts and in such Places of the said Roads by this Act directed to be widened, improved, and kept in Repair, and also such and so many Toll Gate or Toll Gates on the Sides of the said Roads, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and expedient; and also shall or may erect or provide a Toll House, with suitable Buildings, a Garden, and other Conveniences, not exceeding One-fourth Part of a Statute Acre of Land, at or near each of the said Toll Gates.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed on the said Roads to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale to convey the said roll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground, or old Road not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed or continued or to be appointed Collector or Collectors, by virtue of this or the said last recked Act, to demand and take the Tolls herein-after mentioned, at each of the Turnpike Gates, or Toll Gates or Toll Houses, or Side Bars or Side Gates which are or shall be standing or being or continued or erected by virtue of this or the said last recited Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads or any Part or Parts thereof; and on every Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night) before any Horse, Ox, Mule, Ass, or other Cattle whatsoever, shall pass or be permitted to pass through the same Gates or Turnpikes, or either of them; (that is to

"7)>

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, Calash, or other such like Carriage (except a Waggon, Wain, or Cart), drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts, at the First Gate through which the same passes, the Sum of Four-pence; and at each of the Second and Third Gates (through which the same passes) the Sum of One Penny; and if drawn by more than One and less than Six Horses or other Beasts (at the First Gate through which the same passes) the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; and at each of the Second and Third Gates (through which the same passes) the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast, where only One, drawing any Chaise, Calash or Chair, or other such like Carriage (except a Waggon, Wain or Cart), (at the First Gate through which the same passes) the Sum of

Sixpence;

531

Power to sell the present Toll Houses.

Collectors empowered to take Tolls.

Tolls.

4° GEORGII IV. xxv.

Sixpence; and at each of the Second and Third Gates through which the same passes, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, or other such like Carriage (except a Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, Calash, or other Carriage above mentioned), having more than Two Wheels, and of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, and drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts, at the First Gate through which the same passes, the Sum of Four-pence; and at each of the Second and Third Gates through which the same passes, the Sum of One Penny:

And for every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon or such like Carriage, having more than Two Wheels, and of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, where the same shall be drawn by less than Six Horses or other Beasts, at the First Gate through which the same passes, the Sum of Sixpence; and at the Second and Third Gates through which the same passes, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

And for every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon or such like Carriage, where the same shall have more than Two Wheels, and of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half, and less than Six Inches, and be drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts, at the First Gate through which the same passes, the Sum of Five-pence; and at the Second and Third Gates through which the same passes, the Sum of One Penny:

And tor every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon or such like Carriage, having more than Two Wheels, and of the Breadth of Four Inches and an Half, and less than Six Inches, where the same shall be drawn by less than Six Horses or other Beasts, at the First Gate through which the same passes, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny j and at the Second and Third Gates through which the same passes, the Sum of Twopence:

And for every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon or such like Carriage, where the same shall have more than Two Wheels, and of a less Breadth than Four Inches and a Half, and be drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts, at the First Gate through which the same passes, the Sum of Sixpence $ and at the Second and Third Gates through which the same passes, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

And for every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon or such like Carriage, having more than Two Wheels, and of a less Breadth than Four Inches and a Half, where the same shall be drawn by less than Six Horses or other Beasts, at the First Gate through which the same passes, the Sum of Nine-pence; and at the Second and Third Gates through which the same passes, the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Cart or other Two wheeled Carriage (except a Chaise, Calash, Chair or other such like Carriage) having Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, and drawn by Two or more Horses or other Beasts, at the First Gate through which the same passes, the Sum of Sixpence; and at each of the Second and Third Gates (through which the same passes), the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny.

And for every Horse or other Beast drawing any Cart or other Twowheeled Carriage (except a Chaise, Calash, Chair, or other such like Carriage) having Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, where the same shall be drawn only by One Horse or other Beast, at the First Gate through which the same passes, the Sum of One Shilling j and at

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

533

each of the Second and Third Gates through which the same passes, the Sum of Three-pence:

And for every Horse or other Beast drawing any Cart or other Twowheeled Carriage (except a Chaise, Calash, or Chair or other such like Carriage), where the same shall have Wheels of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half, and less than Six Inches, and be drawn by Two Or more Horses or other Beasts, at the First Gate through which the same passes, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny; and at each of the Second and Third Gates through which the same passes, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

And for every Horse or other Beast drawing any Cart or other Two-wheeled Carriage (except a Chaise, Calash, or Chair, or other such like Carriage) having Wheels of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half, and less than Six Inches, where the same shall be drawn only by One Horse or other Beast, at the First Gate through which the same passes, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and at the Second and Third Gates through which the same passes, the Sum of Four-pence:

And for every Horse or other Beast drawing any Cart or other Twowheeled Carriage (except a Chaise, Calash, or Chair, or other such like Carriage), where the same shall have Wheels of a less Breadth than Four Inches and a Half, and be drawn by Two or more Horses or other Beasts, at the First Gate through which the same passes, the Sum of Nine-pence; and at each of the Second and Third Gates through which the same passes, the Sum of Two-pence:

And for every Horse or other Beast drawing any Cart or other Twowheeled Carriage (except a Chaise, Calash, or Chair, or other such like Carriage having Wheels of a less Breadth than Four Inches and an Half), where the same shall be drawn only by One Horse or other Beast, at the First Gate through which the same passes, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and at each of the Second and Third Gates through which the same passes, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass or other Beast of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not drawing, at the First Gate through which the same passes, the Sum of One* Penny Halfpenny j and at each of the Second and Third Gates through which the same passes, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows or Neat Cattle, at the First Gate only through which the same pass, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, Lambs or Goats, at the First Gate only through which the same pass, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number; and that between the Double Toll First Day of October and the last Day of March in every Year, there on Timber shall be demanded and taken, for every Horse or other Beast drawing J,)etwfen ^i"1 any Carriage laden with Timber on any Part of the said Roads, an addi- anC^°t^r]a5t tional Toll, equal to Double Toll hereinbefore made payable for the Day of 35 same, at the respective Gates aforesaid. March.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than Directing Three full Tolls shall be demanded and taken on the same Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Nigh

of the Clock in the next

succeeding Night), for any Horses,

6 T

or Day.

534

4° GEORGII IV.

or Carriages passing or repassing through all or any of the Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads.

Tolls to be

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall

once ^Dav ^le to P*? Toll more l^an once *n same Day (to be computed

' y‘ from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night), for passing or repassing with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages, through all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected or to be erected and set up and provided by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, or either of them j but that all and every Person and Persons, after having paid Toll once as aforesaid, and producing a Note or Ticket, or Notes or Tickets, denoting the Payment of such Tolls, shall afterwards pass with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages Toll-free, during such Day, to be computed as aforesaid, through all and every the Gate and Gates, Turnpike and Turnpikes, by virtue of this Act erected or to be erected on the said Roads, or across any Road or Way leading out of the same; and that all the respective Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver such Notes or Tickets gratis, on Receipt of the roll in manner aforesaid.

Exemptions

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be from Toll in demanded or taken, at any Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected by cer sun uses. gay Trustees, on the Clee Hill aforesaid, of or from any Person or Persons passing through the same, with any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, to or towards the Clee HiUy which shall have previously the same Day passed through and paid at any Two of the other Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken at the Gate called Harp Bank Gatef of or from any Person or Persons passing through the same, with any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, to or towards the Town of Tenbury, which shall have previously the same Day passed through and paid at any Two of the other Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads; provided such Ticket as aforesaid shall be produced at such respective Gates, the Intent being that Toll shall be demanded at only Two of the Turnpike Gates between Tenbury and the Clee Hill; and that Persons passing or repassing with any Horse or other Beast or Cattle (to or from the Clee Hill, from or to their respective Residences at Court of Hilly or Tilsopy or Whatmore') through both the Gates called The Knowle Gate, and Clee Hill Gate, as now erected, shall only be charged with and liable to pay Toll for such Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, at the first of the said Two Gates through which the same shall so pass; and on producing such Ticket as aforesaid from such First Gate, shall go and pass through the other of such Two Gates, without paying any Toll thereat, the Intent being that Toll shall be demanded of such Persons at only One Turnpike Gate, between Court of Hill, Tilsop, and What-more, to or from the Clee Hill.

rtag1 &

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and in to°payCeachC aspect of all Horses drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Time of Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for

passing. Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid-for repassing through

635

4° GEORGII iIV. xxv.

such Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat; and that the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post-chaises, and other Carriages travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Roads on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and in case of as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to Nonpayment be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His Materials] present Majesty or this Act, as or by Way of Compensation or Satis- Damages, or faction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury, of any Nature I»j»ry done or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any 5vu!tecsU&c Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or the same’ to ’ Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees, to the Party or be levied by Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after demand in Distress of Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Jus- auchTn^tees tices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance or ti,e;r

of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in Treasurer, such case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages,

Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned, on demand, to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, (as the Case may be): Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or Statute shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards Labour, the repairing and amending the said Roads, shall be and remain liable thereto in like Manner in every respect as they now are or have heretofore been j and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor of the said Roads, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, in or through which the said Roads do or shall lie, lead, or pass j and also what Proportion of the

Money

536

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall .be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, to bring in a List before the said Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieil of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which List of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and on such Part of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force or effect for Repairs of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on any Part of the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle and negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads j and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any

Part

537

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XX. And be k Further fcltecred, That from and ift£r the passing of Money to be this Act, the Sum of One Pound per CerHum per Annum on the Amount RPP1,e(ito*

• • / 4 wiirds ft

of all Principal Monies due and secured on the Tolls of the said Roads, linking and on the Amount of every further Sum of Money which shall be Fund, borrowed or taken up at Interest on the Credit or Security of the Tolls of the said Roads, shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be appropriated and paid out of the said Tolls, in order to form a Sinking Fund for the gradual Payment of all and every the said Monies; and that after the Payment of any such Principal Monies the full Interest which would have been otherwise payable for or in respect of the same to the Creditor or respective Creditors, shall from thenceforth, and during the Continuance of this Act, be appropriated and paid out of the said respective Tolls in aid of the said Sinking Fund; and that as often as such Sinking Fund shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, that Sum, and such Part of the Balance of any other Monies in the Hands of the Trustees, as they shall think proper, shall be applied in Payment of an equal Amount of the Principal Monies then remaining due or owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls of the said Roads, rateably or by lot among the said Creditors, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Sums of Money Tolls vested which shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll, and the in the Money so thereby to be raised and collected, shall be and the same is Trustees, hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the same and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied and disposed of to and for the several Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and in such manner as is herein mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Tolls and other Application | Monies to be collected and levied under or by virtue of the said last recited of Tolls and Act and this Act, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit Mon,es* thereof, the said Trustees shall, after Payment of the Charges and Expences incurred in, about, and relating to the obtaining and passing of this Act, defray the Expence and Charge of erecting and providing the Turnpikes, Toll Gates and Toll Houses, and of repairing, widening, altering, turning, keeping in repair and improving the said Roads, and of executing the other Purposes of the said last recited Act and this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

[Public Act.]

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

538

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

Commencement

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and ment and take place upon the Thursday Week next after the passing thereof, and Q—T shall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

7,l»J

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

9

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IY. REGIS.

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repealing an Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

[12th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Eighteenth Tear of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown,* and for more effectually amending, widening, altering, repairing, and keeping in repair the Road from the High Bridge of Cree, by Newton Douglas, Glenluce, and Stranraer, to Portpatrick, and from Stranraer to the Confines of the County of Ayr, near the Cairn of Lochryan; and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and for that Purpose have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted and made payable, which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, or the Interest thereof discharged, nor can the Road and Bridges from the High Bridge of Cree, through Newton Douglas (now i.jir. [Local.1 6 X called

4aG.3« c. 55.

542

Recited Act continued.

Act subject to Payment of Debts and Interest.

Exemptions from Toll.

-C

Carriages conveying Military Stores not to be subject to the Penalties for Overweight.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

called Newton Stewart), Glenluce, and Stranraer, to Portpatrick, being the direct Line of the Mail Coach Road from London by Dumfries, through the said County of Wigtown, and one of the great Communications between England, Scotland, and Ireland, be kept in proper repair, nor the Road from Stranraer to the Confines of the County of Ayr, near the Cairn of Lochryan, be effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless the Term and Powers (or such of them as do not relate to the levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and which by the said recited Act are made perpetual) granted by the said Act, and the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, be continued; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thiat the said recited Act, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Exemptions, Forfeitures, Clauses, M-atfers, 'and Things-therein contained (which are not by the said-recited Act made perpetual), shall be and continue in full force and effect, and be executed by the Trustees appointed by the said recited Act, and their Successors, being qualified as therein mentioned,- for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on account of the said recited Act, and also to the Payment of such further or other Sum or Sufns of Money as may be borrowed on the Credit of or become due by friftue of the said recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively# oforifl

III. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken fof any Horses or Carriages attending His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family, or returning after having been so employed; nor for any Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or Prisoners in Custody under any legal Warrant, or returning after having been so employed; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim or take the Benefit of any or either of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied in like Manner as other Penalties or Forfeitures are by the said recited Act and this Act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied; and in all Cases the Proof of Exemption shall lie upon the Person claiming the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, provided and used only for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging tp His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall arty

: 7 such

i

.4° GEORGII IV. i.

such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in such Waggon, Wain, Cart* or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate in like manner as if no Toll had been before paid; and the Tolls by the said recited Act made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise, and other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Road on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Horses travelling for Hire under the Post Horse Duties Acts, having passed through any Gate erected on the said Road drawing any Carriage in respect of which any Toll shall have been paid, on returning through the Gate at which the Toll shall have been paid, and any other Gate upon the said Road cleared by such Payment, either without such Carriage or drawing such Carriage, the same beings empty, and without a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring, shall be permitted to repass Toll-free, although such Horses or Carriage shall not have passed through such Gate on the same Day, provided that such Horses so travelling shall return before Nine of the Clock of the Morning succeeding the Day on which they first passed the Gate at which the Toll shall have been paid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Toll Collectors or Collector, appointed either by the said Trustees or by any Lessee or Lessees under them, to collect the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be continued or erected by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall be and is hereby required to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters, in the Front or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately after coming on Duty; each of the Letters of such Name to be at least One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person or Persons than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, or shall demand or take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and claim such

Exemp-

Stage Coaches, Caravans, and Post Chaises, to pay every Time of passing.

Post Horses having passed through any Gate on the Road, may return Toll-free before Nine o’Clock in the Morning of the following Day.

Toll Collectors to put up their Names.

Clerk restrained from acting as Treasurer, and vice versa.

Sitoets1! to nr-’jbc

iait! yun

For settling Disputes concerning Tolls.

4° GEORGII IV. xxvi.

Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same on having been paid the said Tolls, or shall give a false Name or Names on suchDemand, or shall make use of any scurrilous or blasphemous .Language to any Person or Persons travelling along the said Road, or shall without sufficient Cause detain or delay any Person or Persons travelling thereon, then and in every such Case every such Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge; and such Penalty shall be levied, recovered, and applied in such and the same Manner as other Penalties are by the said recited Act and this Act directed to be levied, recovered, and applied.

<¥III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be; Lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act, or either of them, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, or either of them; and if any Person shall accept both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, or either of them, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of the said Act and this Act, or either of them, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in such and the same Manner as other Penalties are by the said recited Act and this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen concerning any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any Distress for such Toll, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls due, and the Charges of such Distress, shall be ascertained by some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Distress shall be made, who, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter by Oath of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized.to administer), and shall determine the Tolls due, and assess and award such Costs to be paid by either of the Parties to the other of them, as such Justice or Justices shall think just and reasonable; and in case of Nonpayment thereof on Demand;

i-k such

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

such Costs’shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal 1 or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices.

X. And be it further enacted, That a Table of the Tolls payable under Table of this Act shall be affixed on all the Toll Houses erected or to be erected r^°^810 h< on the said Road, and the Name of the Turnpike Gate adjoining thereto put up* respectively shall be placed over the said Table of Tolls.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several Collectors of the Tolls Collectors granted by the said recited Act shall (if required), on Receipt of such tickets" Tolls, deliver to the Person or Persons paying the same a Ticket or Tickets denoting such Payment, and which Ticket or Tickets shall be provided by the said Trustees; and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Name or Names of the Gate at which such Tolls shall have been paid, and also the Name or Names of the Gate or several Gates freed by such Payment.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall offer or dis- Penalty on pose of any such Ticket, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the P*g9°n90fls Tolls by the said recited Act authorized to be taken, every such Person Tick§s°to

turning, or altering the said Road included in the said former Act, shall froraAdeviat not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the present Lines of the ingmore th; said Road without the Consent in Writing first had and obtained of the Onehundre Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through Yards, whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, In case of to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase not m.aking of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased by virtue of this U e8> Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, Royal Bank of Scotland, or British Linen Company, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to any such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim there-

so offering or disposing of such Ticket, and the Person receiving the avoid paying same, shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty To11* Shillings.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, in diverting, Restraining

- v - [Local.~]

6 r

unto.

546

Where any Question shall arise touching the Right to such M oney.

Court may ?rder reason-ableExpences of Purchases to be paid by Trustees.

Power to sell the present Toll Houses.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

unto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, Royal Bank of Scotland, or British Linen Company, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands^ Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the Said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Mohey for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied to the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct; and all such Sums of Expences of Purchases and Proceedings, and otherwise, which the said Trustees may by the said Court be ordered to pay, may be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies committed to them for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said recited Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for Such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same, and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or < 7 Persons

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple, and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Forpre ride or drive any Horse or other Cattle, or any Cart or other Carriage, JJJJjJanc or hale, draw, carry, pass, or wheel any Hurry, Truck, or any Wheelbarrow, on any Footway or Causeway adjoining to the said Road, or shall cause any Damage to be done to the Footway or Causeway adjoining to the said Road, or to the Hedges, Fences, Breast Walls, Posts

Rails, or Paling set up along the Side of or upon such Footway, or shall break, damage, or destroy any Lamp, Lamp Post^ or Lamp Iron, which may be set upon or near the said Road, or any Part thereof, or extinguish the Light in any of the said Lamps; pr shall in or upon any Part of the same Road, or by the Side or Sides thereof, kill, slaughter, singe, scald, dress, or cut up any Beast, Swine, Calf, Lamb, or other Cattle, or cause or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughter House, House, Building, Butcher’s Shop or Shambles, into the said Road j or shall in any Part or Parts of the said Road, or in any exposed Situations near thereto, burn, dress, or sweep any Piece or Pieces of Cork, or hoop, fire, cleanse, wash, or scald any Cask or Casks, or hew, saw, or cur* or cause to be hewn, sawn, or cut, any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or shoe, farry, or bleed any Horse, Mule, or Ass (except in the Case of Accidents); or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone or Plough, otherwise than wholly upon Wheeled Carriages^ or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, or Stone or Plough, which shall be carried upon Wheeled Carriages, to drag on any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof respectively; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road shall suffer the same to root up and damage the same, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges,

Banks, or Copse on either Side thereof; or if any Person shall turn, or suffer any Horse, Ass, Beast, or Swine to be turned, or to be or remain loose or be tethered upon the said Road to graze or depasture on the Sides thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Road, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon,

Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the Left or Near Side of the said Road; or if any Person driving or riding upon any Horse or Beast of Draught, carrying Crates, Cans, or Panniers, shall not keep the said Horse or Beast of Draught on the Left Hand Side of the Middle of the said Road; or shall ride or drive his or her Horse, or other Beast of Draught, opposite to or abreast of any other Person driving or riding any other Horse or Beast of Draught carrying Crates, Cans, or Panniers, so that Two or more such Horses or other Beasts of Draught shall be abreast or opposite to each other in travelling upon the said Road; or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him, her, or them upon the said Road, or the

Coach,

4° GEORGII IV. xxvi.

Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage under his, her, or their Care; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or other Fires, or pitch or erect any Tent, Canvass, or other Convenience, for the Purpose of lodging therein or abiding thereat, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, or shall set fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever on any Part of the said Road, or within Eighty Feet of the Centre thereof, or play at Football, or any other Game or Games, on any Part or Parts of the said Road, or bowl or trundle any Hoop or Hoops, or raise or fly any Paper Kite upon or over the said Road, or any Part thereof, or on any of the Sides thereof respectively, or be aiding or assisting therein, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person riding, attending, or driving any Horse or other Beast on the said Road, and carrying any Iron Bar or Rod, or Basket, Pannier, or any other Matter or Thing, shall place such Bar or Rod, Basket, Pannier, or other Matter or Thing, or any of them, across such Horse or other Beast in such Manner as that the same shall project more than Thirty Inches from either Side of such Horse or other Beast, or so as in any Manner to obstruct, impede, or endanger the Passage or Progress of any other Person, or any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage travelling or going along the said Road; or if any Person or Persons, after having blocked or stopped any Carriage whatsoever in going up a Hill or any other rising Ground, shall leave or permit or suffer to be or remain in the said Road, or any Part thereof, the Stone or other Thing made use of in blocking or stopping such Carriage; or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Road, longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the same, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or in case the same shall not during such Time be drawn out or placed as near to the Side of the Road as conveniently may be, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Ashes, Filth, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, or upon the Footpaths or Causeways adjoining to such Road, to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Interruption of Persons travelling and passing thereon; or shall turn or make any Drain or Watercourse into, under, or upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, or suffer the Water from any Pump or Spout, or from any Trough, Cistern, or other Vessel, to run into, over, or upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, to the Prejudice or Damage thereof; or shall enclose or take in any Ditch, Drain, Pipe, or Watercourse lying on the Outside of his, her, or their Paling, Hedges, or other Fences, or take, remove, or carry away any Stones, Sand, Drift, or Scrapings from off the said Road, or from the Sides thereof, or from any Place or Places where the same shall have been laid or deposited by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons employed by them, without Licence or Consent in Writing for that Purpose first had and obtained from the said Trustees; or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the said Road to be made into Manure, or shall without the Consent of the said Trustees scrape off the same any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road with an Iron Rake, or other Instrument with sharp Points, whereby the said Road or any Part thereof shall be damaged; or if any Hawker, Pedlar,

Gipsey,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

Gipsey, or other Person or Persons travelling with any Machine, Vehicle,

Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, with or without any Horse, Mule,

Ass, or other Beast, shall pitch or place any Tent, or shall encamp upon or by the Side or Sides of the said Road, or any Part thereof; or if any Blacksmith, or other Person occupying a Blacksmith’s Shop having Doors or Windows to the Front of the said Road, shall not, by good and close Shutters, every Evening after it becomes Twilight, and every Morning until after Twilight, bar and prevent the Light from such Shop shining into the said Road; or if any Person or Persons shall do any other wilful Damage or Injury to the said Road, or any Part thereof, or shall in any Manner whatsoever obstruct or impede the Passage upon the said Road, every Person so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Gate of any Park, Paddock, Gates not Field, or Inclosure whatsoever, shall be made to open into or towards to swing any Part of the said Road, or be suffered to continue so to open, except outwards* the Hanging Post thereof shall be so far removed from the Centre of the said Road, so that no Part of the Gate when open shall project over any Part of the said Road, or any Footway or Footpath belonging thereto j and if the Occupier of any Land in which any Gate is or shall be so constructed as to open or swing outwards towards the said Road, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall not, within Ten Days after Notice to him or her given in Writing, or left at his or her last Place of Abode, from the Surveyor of the said Road, cause such Gate to be so hung, so that no Part of such Gate shall when open project over any Part of the said Road, or any Footway or Footpath belonging thereto, then and in every such Case the Surveyor of the said Road is hereby authorized to cause the Gate to hang according to the Directions } of this Act; and the Person or Persons guilty of such Neglect or Default, upon Complaint made to any Justice of the Peace acting for the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint shall arise, shall upon Conviction, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, pay to such Surveyor such Sum of Money as the said Justice of the Peace shall order and direct, to defray the Expence of making the Alteration and hanging such Gate in a proper Manner; and shall also forfeit and pay a further Sum, not exceeding Forty Shillings, for his, her, or their Neglect in the Premises, to be fixed by and at the Discretion of the Justice before whom such Conviction shall be made.

XX. And whereas Offences may be committed against the said recited Power to Act and this Act by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, and seize tran-other Officers appointed to put this Act into Execution, be it therefore 8ient of’ enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, fender8‘ and other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as they •"

or he shall call to their or his Assistance, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint.

- EM] 6 Z XXI. And

550

How Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines are to be recovered and applied.

Expences of Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by the said recited Act and this Act imposed, or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is mot therein or herein otherwise particularly directed), shall, upon Proof of the Offence or Offences, and Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or District whereih such Offence or Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), together with all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as such Justice or Justices respectively shall adjudge and determine to be fair, reasonable, and proper to be allowed (and which he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to ascertain and determine accordingly), shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants, under the Hand and Seal ot Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant), and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, Costs, Charges, and Expences, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deducted, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners mf such Goods and Chattels j and all such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Pines (if not otherwise directed by this Act), shall be ;paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and‘if sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, Costs, Charges, and Expences, shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can conveniently be tmade to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices for ;his, her, or their Appearance before such Justice or Justices on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Ten Days from the Time of taking any such 'Security, and which Security the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance, or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such County or District, there to remain without Bail or ^Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, Costs, Charges, and Expences, and all other reasonable Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

IM. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be jjaid out of any Money already raised under or ^by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the first Money to arise by virtue thereof and i of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi. 551

[Public Act.]

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Term and take effect from the passing thereof; and that the said recited Act, subject Continuance to the Alterations and Amendments in this Act contained, and this Act, of dusAct. shall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Residue now to come of the Term granted by the said recited Act, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxv ii.

An Act for amending the Road from Offington Corner in the Parishes of Broadwater and West Tamings or one of them, in the County of Sussex, by Findon, Washington Hill Rock, and As1' ’

Grinsted Park in the said County; and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate

HERE AS an Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in repair 42 <3 3, c

the Road leading from Worthing in the Parish of Broadwater in the County of Sussex, by Findon, Washington Hill Rock, and Ashington Common, to Dial Post, and from thence Nep Castle aw*/Baybridge Lane, to the Steyning Turnpike at West Grinsted Park in the said County: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act of the Forty-second Year of His said late Majesty have proceeded to put the same into execution, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, which still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless the Term granted by the said recited Act be further continued; and it would be

Common, to Dial Post, and from thence

Castle, to the Steyning Turnpike Road at West

therewith.

[12th May 1823.]

7 A

more

554

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

more Convenient if the said Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His latejjdajesty King George the Third, jvere repealed, and other Powers and Provisions granted instead thereof; and it is expedient that the Tolls grafted by the said recited Act should be increased: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present 3 G.4. c. 126. Majesty King, George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now 7n being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : And whereas it would be convenient, and tend to the public Benefit, that a Branch or new Road should be made and maintained from a certain Place at or near the Village of Findon, and from thence by the Dog Kennels, Talmare Pond, Clapham, and Patching, to the Road leading from Shoreham Bridge to Arundel, and from the said Road leading from Shoreham Bridge to Arundel, through the Village of Angmering and Parish of Rustington, to the Village of Littlehampton, in the said County; but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament 42 G. 3. C. 62. assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, repealed. passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and that this Act shall commence and take effect in lieu and in stead thereof, and shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as well for the Purpose of amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in repair the Road leading from a Place called Offington Corner, near the Town of Worthing, in the Parishes of Broadwater and West Tarring, or one of them, in the County of Sussex, by Findon, Washington Hill Rock, and Ashington Common, to Dial Post, and from thence by Nep Castle and Bay bridge Lane, to the Steyning Turnpike at West Grinsted Park in the said County, as also for the Purpose of making, widening, maintaining, amending, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in repair the Branch or new Road herein-before particularly described; and this Act, and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall he and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on account of the said first recited Act, and also of such other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed by virtue of or become due on the Credit of the said first recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, and of all Interest due apd to grow due for the same respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Road now

included in the said first recited Act, as leads from the Town of Worthing

Road discon- to a place called Offington Corner in the said Parishes of Broadwater and Turnpike* West Tarring, or one of them, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be discontinued as a Turnpike Road; and the said Trustees shall be and they are hereby declared to be discharged from the Care and Management thereof.

A certain Part of the

Road.

Extending

III. And be it' further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Re-

the Powers medies, Penalties, and Exemptions, Matters and Things, contained in the

°al Tura^ke sa^ recile<l Act# passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said present io Majesty,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii. 555

Majesty, shall extend and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend tp Act 3G. 4.

this Act, in as full, large, and ample a Manner, to all Intents, Construe- ^J26-to this

tions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same respectively were repeated

and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, save and except where the same

are, or any Part thereof is, expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act.

IV. And whereas a certain Part of the said Road, to the Extent of For remov-Half a Mile, or thereabouts, and situate near Offington in the said County j^st Jj^bt of Sussex, is in part situate in the Parish of Broadwater, and another part of t^e Part thereof is situate in the Parish of West Tarring in the said County : Road which And whereas, since the passing of the said first recited Act it hath been lies in the discovered that the Boundaries of the said respective Parishes of Broad- of water and West Tarring in part run and terminate, for the Distance Tarring, aforesaid, in the Centre of that Part of the said Road; and Doubts have

arisen whether the aforesaid Part of the said Road, which lies in the said Parish of West Tarring, is a Part of the said Road, the said Parish of West Tarring not being mentioned in the said Act; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed; be it therefore enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, so much and such Part of the said Road, as lies in the said Parish of West Tarring, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, be deemed, considered, and taken to be Part of the Roads included in this Act, and shall be amended, widened, altered, varied, improved, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds, Covenants, Agree- Bonds and ments, and Securities, made or entered into by any Person or Persons, Securities to or with any of the Trustees for executing the said first recited Act, unStKe according to the Provisions and Directions thereof respectively, shall formgr &ct remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available in all to remain in Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and per- Force until formed j and all Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, and Se- saVfied and curities, duly made or entered into by the Trustees for executing the pai *

said Act hereby repealed to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees for executing this Act and the said last recited Act, and be observed and kept by them, according to the Terms and Stipulations and Tenor thereof respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees. Peace for the Time being acting for the said County of Sussex, together

with Sir Charles Merrick Burrell Baronet, Sir Timothy Shelly Baronet,

Austin Clerk, William Bradford Clerk, Walter Burrell, Edward Barker, William Borrer, Thomas Bushby, John Stileman Bostock,

John Gratwick Challen Clerk, Charles Coppard, William Davison Clerk,

Joseph Dixon Clerk, John Dennett, Owen Evans, Hugh Fuller, Charles Goring, Charles Forster Goring, Harry Goring, William Gratwick Kinleside Gratwick, Thomas Groome, William Golds, John Cheal Green Clerk, Thomas Hatch Clerk, William Holmes, Richard Holmes, George Henty, Thomas Henty, William Heath, John Hinde Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Holmes,

Robert Hurst, Hugh Ingram, Isaac Jeffery, William Kinleside Clerk, Moses Kenney, James Martin Lloyd, Henry Lane, George Lyall, Geering Lane, jo Richard \

Power to appoint additional Trustees.

556 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii.

Richard Lidbetter, Leonard Lidbetter, Charles Marshall, Thomas Charles Medwin, Peter Walland Moore Clerk, William Margesson, Richard Milles Clerk, John Newland, Richard Newland, Harry Newland, George Neville Clerk, James Ogle, James Olliver, Thomas Quiver, 01 liver, Hugh

Penfold of Cyshury, Penfold of Annington, Edward Greenfield Penfold, John Penfold of Beeding, George Porter, Charles Penfoldy Caleb Rick-jnan, John Ricey William Westbrook Richardson, Richardson, William

Richardson, John Cole Tompkins, Charles Stanhope, Joseph Skinner, Luke Upperton, Edward Fuller Upperton, Thomas Upperton, Upperton of

Rackham, William Vaux Clerk, Richard Watt Walker, Robert Watkins, Peter Wood Clerk, William Peckham Woodward Clerk, and Henry Warren Clerk, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for putting the said last recited Act and this Act in Execution.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at their first Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect any Number of Persons not exceeding Five in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act and the said last recited Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby and by the said last recited Act appointed; and such Trustees so elected, and being qualified according to the Directions of the said last recited Act and this Act, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this and the said last recited Act, as if they had been hereby nominated and appointed.

Trustees to

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person take an Oath shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act and the said truly to exe- Jast recited Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such cute the Acts. banner as in and by the said last recited Act is directed and prescribed, and unless (being so qualified) he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last recited Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe before any One or more of the said Trustees an Oath, or being a Quaker, an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do affirm]. That I will truly* honestly, and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, &c. \here insert the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England. So help me GOD.

Which Oath or Affirmation any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager -- ' of

Oath.

4" GEORGII IV. xxvii. 557

of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding! touching the Execution of the said last recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Acts and Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Meetings of more of them, shall meet at the Red Lion Inn, on Ashington Common, or the Trustees, at some other convenient House or Place on or near the said Road, on the

Second Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as may be convenient, for the Purpose of carrying the same and the said last recited Act into Execution; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and meet at the above Inn, or at any other House or Place, as they or any Five or more of them may think proper; and that if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, the Meeting shall be adjourned, and that Two Trustees shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and that in case the said Trustees or any of them shall not attend, or shall omit to adjourn, then the Clerk to the said Trustees shall adjourn the said Meeting, and appoint the said Trustees to meet at the Place where such last Meeting was appointed to be held, within Six Weeks next after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed to be held, and shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on the several Turnpike Gates on the said Road, at least Fourteen Days before such Meeting, at which Meeting the said Trustees shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and a Clerk or Clerks, and also a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and of all the Monies to be collected, or which shall or may be due and payable under or by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, and shall likewise appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think proper j and that they the said Trustees shall and may from Time to Time remove all such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors and other Officers, or any of them, when and as often as they shall see occasion, and appoint others in their Stead, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper; and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Tolls and other Monies to be collected and received under or by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, make such Allowance, by way of Salaries or otherwise, unto the Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors and other Officers, so to be appointed for and in Consideration of the Care and Pains by them respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be law- Treasurer ful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who and Clerk has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of "°nie°Per the this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or son. 61 *

'■> [Local."] 7 B Clerks

558 4° GEORGII IV. ii.

Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Old Officers

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Collector of the may continue Tolls, Surveyor and other Officer and Officers (except the Treasurer) until others nominated and appointed under and by virtue of the said first recited Act hereby repealed, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees"; and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor or other Officer or Officers shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and this Act, into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he or they had been nominated or appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said first recited Act, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said first recited Act had not been repealed.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who have been employed, or who shall have received any Tolls, or other Money, by virtue or in pursuance of the said first recited Act, or who shall have in their Custody or Possession any Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or Things relating to the said Roads, shall account, pay, and deliver over the same to the said Trustees, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as are by the said last recited Act inflicted in respect, to the several Persons receiving any Monies, or having the Possession of any Books, Writings, or other Things by virtue of the said Act and this Act.

Books used under former Acts to be Evidence.

Officers under the former Act to account to the Trustees for executing this Act.

Trustees may erect Gates.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, as they shall think proper, continue or

7 remove

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii, 560

remove all or any of the Toll Gates erected by virtue of the said first recited Act, or which shall or may be erected by virtue thereof, and of this Act, or either of them, and may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, any other Toll Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and upon the Sides thereof respectively, and also across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the same, and may also continue, erect, or provide a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniences at or near each Toll Gate; and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, or discontinue such Toll Gates or Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think expedient; and also may take in and inclose from the said Roads convenient Garden Spots, for the said Toll Houses respectively, not exceeding One-eighth Part of an Acre to each Toll House; any thing in this or the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall fie lawful for the said Povyer to sell Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses, the present erected by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed, on the said Road, to xolF^HousS be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected

by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Out-houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same, and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time heing, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given, where any Piece or Pieces of Ground, or old Road not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls following Power to take shall be demanded and taken at each of the Gates, Bars, or Chains, by Tolls.' such Person or Persons as the Trustees, or any Five or more of them,

shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse,

Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same; (that is to say),

At the Gate to be erected between the Village of Findon and Offington

Corner.

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not Tolls at the drawing, the Sum of Two-pence : Gate between

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, Bullock, or other Beast of Draught, offin^on*

drawing Cornfr.0"

580 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii.

drawing in any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Nature, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, Bullock, or other Beast of Draught, drawing in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage of the like Nature, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, Bullock or other Beast, drawing in any other Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten^ pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number : And,

For every Drove of Calves, Pigs, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

At each of the other Two Gates erected or to be erected on the said old

Road:

Tolls at each For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, Bullock, or other Beast of Draught, of the Gates drawing in any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage of the like Nature, with Wheels cm the old of the Breadth of Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, Bullock, or other Beast of Draught, drawing in any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Nature, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, Bullock, or other Beast, drawing in any other Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mule or other Beast, laden or unladen, if not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number : And,

For every Drove of Calves, Pigs, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

And at the Gates to be affixed on the said Branch or additional Road, the Tolls following; (that is to say),

Tolli on the For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, Bullock or other Beast of Draught, new Road, drawing in any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage of the like Nature,with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, Bullock, or other Beast of Draught, drawing in any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Nature, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, Bullock or other Beast, drawing in any other Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And, For every Drove of Calves, Pigs, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Toll, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied as herein-after is directed.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi. 561

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person Limiting the who shall have paid the Tolls hereby granted for or in respect of any Horses, Cattle, Beast or Carriages, at any Toll Gate, Bar, or Chain to be taj.en on t^e erected on the said new or Branch Road, shall on the same Day (to be new Branch computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the of Road. Clock in the next following Night) be permitted to pass and repass Once with the same Horses, Cattle, Beast, or Carriages through the same, or any other Toll Gate, Bar, or Chain to be erected on the said Branch or new Road, such Person or Persons producing a Ticket denoting that the Toll hath been paid on that Day (which Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis); but if any Person or Persons shall pass through any Toll Gate, Bar, or Chain a Third Time with the same Horses, Cattle, Beast or Carriages, then and in such Case such Person or Persons shall be again liable to pay the said Toll, and so toties quoties for every Third Time the said Person or Persons shall pass the same Day through the same Toll Gate, Bar, or Chain on the said Branch or new Road, with the same Horses, Cattle, Beast, or Carriages as aforesaid.

XVIII. And whereas Richard Watt Walker Esquire, the Owner of MiU Trustees not chelgrove Estate, in the said County of Sussex, through which Estate the J r^!t a"y said Branch or new Road will pass, hath at his own Expence made a cort- en shore' siderable Part of the said Branch or new Road for the Distance of One ham Bridge Mile and upwards; and whereas it would be expedient that no Toll Gate and Long or Bar should be erected on those Parts of the said Branch or new Road ?ujJ°ng herein-after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That nothing herein con- ane‘ tained shall authorize or empower the said Trustees to erect any Toll Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, on the said Branch or new Road, or any Lane or Way leading out of the same, within One Mile of the Gun Inn,

Findon, or between the Road leading from Shoreham Bridge to Arundel, and the South End of a certain Lane called Long Furlong Lane, in the Parish of Clapham.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall have paid Tolls pay-the Tolls hereby granted for or in respect of any Horses, Cattle, Beast able but o«ce or Carriages, at any Toll Gate, Bar or Chain to be continued or erected, a ay’ by virtue of this or the said last recited Act, shall on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next following Night) be permitted to pass and repass once with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts or Carriages, through the same Toll Gate, Bar or Chain, such Person or Persons producing a Ticket denoting that the Toll hath been paid on that Day (which Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis); but if any Person or Persons shall pass through any Toll Gate, Bar or Chain a Third Time with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts or Carriages, then and in such Case such Person or Persons shall be again liable to pay the said Toll, and so toties quoties for every Third Time the said Person or Persons shall pass the same Day through the same Toll4Gate, Bar or Chain, on the said Road, with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Exempting Toll for any Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, Bullock, or other Beast of Draught, fo5 im‘ drawing any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Nature, laden ^ln|ay.an {.Local.2 7 C with ment of Toll.

562

Stage

Coaches, Caravans, and Post Chaises to pay every Time of passing.

Power to stop up certain Roads, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo xxvii.

with Lime for the Improvement of Land, or in going for or returning empty after having been laden with such Lime; any thing in this or the said last recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like manner as if no Toll had been before paid; and the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise and other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads, on the same Day, with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XXII. And as well for the Convenience of Land Owners, through whose Estates the said Branch or new Road shall be made, as in order to prevent the evading of the said Tolls on the said old Road and Branch, or new Road; be it further enacted, That after the said Branch or new Road shall be open for Travellers, the several Roads and Ways following shall be stopped up and discontinued, and are hereby declared to be stopped up and discontinued; (that is to say), the Road leading from the said old Turnpike Road, on the Southern Side of the Village, and in the Parish of Findon, through Findon Place Lands, by Findon Place House and the Church, to the Road at or near Talmare Pond, in the same Parish, except as to a Right for Persons on foot to use it as heretofore, and for Horses and Carriages, to go to and return from Findon Church; and also for the Vicar and Lessee of the Tithes of Findon, under Magdalen College for the Time being, who shall be at Liberty to use the said Road as a Bridle Road at all limes; and also a certain Bridle Road, leading Westward towards the Dog Kennels from the said old Turnpike Road, near Kingswood House, except as to the Owners and Occupiers for the Time being of Kingswood House, and his and their Families and Servants, who are always to have a Right to use the said Bridle Road as heretofore; and also a certain other Carriage Road, leading from the said old Turnpike Road, in the Parish of West Grinsted, at or near a certain Place called Dial Post, to Rooks Cross, in the said Parish of West Grinsted; and also a certain other Road leading Eastward from the North or upper End of Long Furlong Lane, in the said Parish of Clapham, over the Downs, to Findon, at or near Talmare Pond, except as a Bridleway and Footway as heretofore, and except as to the Occupiers for the Time being of that Part of Mitchelgrove House and Estate, situate on the North Side of the Road leading troin Shoreham Bridge to Arundel, and West or North of the said Branch or new Road, and his and their Servants as heretofore; and it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, except as hereinbefore and herein-after mentioned, at any Time or Times after the said Roads or Ways, or any of them, shall have been so stopped up and discontinued as aforesaid, with any Horse or Horses, Cattle, Carriage or Carriages whatsoever, to use or claim the Use of any or either of the said Roads or Ways so stopped up and discontinued as a public Highway or Bridleway; and if any Person or Persons (except as hereinbefore and herein-after mentioned) shall pass with any Horse, Cattle, or

4 Carriage,

4° GEORGII IV. xxvii.

563

Carriage, along any Road or Way which shall have been so stopped up and discontinued, every such Person, after Notice from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Agent, shall for ev^ry such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; but nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent, interrupt, or hinder the Not to pre-Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, adjoin- vent Land ing or lying c contiguous to any Road or Bridleway which shall be so ^nne^,er°m stopped up and discontinued as aforesaid, or their Servants, Horses, Cattle, samefo/the or Carriages, from passing or repassing to or from such Lands, Grounds, Purposes of or Hereditaments, for the Purpose of Husbandry or Occupation of the Husbandry, same Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments only: Provided always, that &c* none of the said Roads or Ways shall be stopped up, unless the Concurrence and Approbation in Writing of any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which the same shall be situate, shall be first had and obtained, and their Determination in the Premises shall be subject to appeal in the Maimer and Form directed and prescribed by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act 55G-3. c. 68. to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways, in so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a public Highway, and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the stopping up of unnecessary Roads.

XXIII. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the Branch MaP or P|an> or new Road herein-before mentioned and described, and the Lands and Premises through which the same are intended to be made or carried, Gf the Clerk together with a List of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such of the Peace, Lands and Premises, hath been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of to remain the Peace for the said County of Sussex; be it therefore enacted, That ^0^ &:c the said Map or Plan and List shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk Spe 10n’ ^C of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may at1 any reasonable Time have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being a reasonable Compensation for making such Copies or Extracts; and that the said Trustees in making, or causing the said Branch or new Road to be made, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent in Writing first had and obtained of the Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Premises such Deviation shall be made.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to set out and make the said Branch or new Road into, through, across or over the several Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands and Premises over or through which the same is or are set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although such Lands and Premises, or the, Name or Names of such Person or Persons, may happen to be erroneously described, omitted, or mistated in the said Map or Plan or List, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex,

and

Trustees to make the new Branch conformable to the Plan, notwithstanding Errors or . Omissions.

564

For diverting the Road neat Ham.

Houses, &c. not to be injured.

For coropel-ing Payment of Subscriptions, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii.

and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, a certain Part of the Branch or new Road near Ham, in the said Parish of Angmering, called Ham Lane, on the North Side of the Field called the East Field, belonging to William Gratzoicke Kinleside Gratwicke Esquire, and then turning to the South on the West Side of the said Field called the East Field, to the said Road, leading to Littlehampton, near Osborne's Barn, shall be stopped up and discontinued as soon as a new Line of Road from the Entrance near Ham Lane, leading towards Preston, Part of Preston Lane, and from thence across the said East Field, North of the Cottage belonging to the said William Gratwicke Kinleside Gratwicke, in a South-west Direction to the Road leading to Littlehampton, shall be made and perfected in lieu of the said Road so agreed to be stopped up and discontinued as aforesaid; and the Ground and Soil of the said last-mentioned Road so to be stopped up and discontinued shall be and is hereby declared to be vested in the said William Gratwicke Kinleside Gratwicke, in exchange for the Land to be given by him across the said Field called the East Field, for the making the said new Road, which said new Road, so to be made by the said William Gratwicke Kinleside Gratwicke, shall from the completing thereof be deemed and taken as Part of the said Branch or new Turnpike Road : Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall extend or be construed to extend to stop up or discontinue the said Part of the said Branch or new Road, until the said William Gratwicke Kinleside Gratwicke, shall have made and completed the said last-mentioned Road fit for the Passage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages. j

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities hereby given shall not extend or be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees in making the said Branch or new Road, to take or pull down, injure or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who shall have subscribed Money for and towards the making and repairing the said Branch or new Road herein-before mentioned shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed, within such Time or Times, and in such Parts and Proportions, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall order and direct, and the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall by any Writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sue for and recover the same, in the Names of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill,

Plaint,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii. 565

Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Sinking of this Act, the Sum of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum on the *un(b Amount of all Principal Monies due and secured on the Tolls of the said old Road, and on the Amount of every further Sum of Money which shall be borrowed or taken up at Interest on the Credit or Security of the Tolls of the said Roads, shall during the Continuance of this Act be appropriated and paid out of the said Tolls, in order to form a Sinking Fund for the gradual Payment of all and every the said Monies; and that after the Payment of any such Principal Monies, the full Interest which would have been otherwise payable for or in respect of the same to the Creditor or respective Creditors, shall from thenceforth, and during the Continuance of this Act, be appropriated and paid out of the said respective Tolls in aid of the said Sinking Fund; and that as often as the said Sinking Fund shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, that Sum, or any further Part of the Balance thereof, or of any Monies in their Hands, if the Trustees shall think proper, shall be applied in Payment of an equal Amount of the Principal Monies then remaining due or owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls of the said Roads, rateably or by lot among the said Creditors, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That as well all the Monies which Application before the Commencement of this Act shall have been raised or pro- of Monies, duced by virtue of the said first recited Act, and which shall remain undisposed of, as also all other Monies which shall arise or be produced by virtue of this and the said last recited Act, or either of them, shall be applied to and for the several Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; (that is to say), in the First Place, in Payment of ail Expences which shall have been incurred in applying for and obtaining and passing this Act; and in the Second Place, in paying all Arrears of Interest on any Sums of Money which shall have been already borrowed, and shall be due and owing on the Credit of the said first recited Act; and also the Interest which shall from Time to Time become due in respect of any Sum of Money already due, or which shall hereafter be borrowed or taken up at Interest on Security of the said Tolls annually, either to the Creditor or Creditors, or in aid of the Sinking Fund herein-before mentioned, as the Case may happen; in the Third Place, in paying the Sum of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum for providing such Sinking Fund as is herein-before directed; in the Fourth Place, in defraying the Expences of making, erecting, and keeping in repair the Toll Gates,

Toll Bars, Toll Houses and other Buildings, and of widening, repairing and preserving the said Roads by this and the said last recited Act, or either of them* directed to be made or kept in repair as aforesaid; and the Residue thereof to be employed in aid of the said Sinking Fund for the more speedy and effectual Reduction and discharging of the several Principal Sums now due and owing, or hereafter to be advanced upon the Security of such Tolls and Duties respectively, in the Course and Manner herein-before directed of and concerning the same, or otherwise to be carried as a Balance to the Account of the succeeding Year, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order or direct.

\_Locul.~\ 7 D XXX. And

566 4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii.

Trustees may

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Per-contract for son Gr Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint,

o^repairing anc* may> anc* anc^ ^e are anc^ *s hereby empowered to contract

the Roads, with any Person or Persons for making, altering, diverting, widening, repairing, or otherwise improving the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, in such manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper j and that all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, Surveyor or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the same, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators.

Regulations as to Performance of Statute Work.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto in like manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Twenty-one Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways j and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to he subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint 5 and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places to pay over

9 to

567

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii.

to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways j and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads.; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials or Costs, or for any Damages, Spoil or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same within Twenty-one Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices from the Clerk to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby

authorized

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said T rustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods vested in such Trustees or their Treasurer.

568

[Public Act.]

Term of Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii.

authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be ': Provided always, that the said Treasurer shall and may retain, out of any Monies which may come into his Hands, in pursuance of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

Jt&orr

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

«H|HMH *

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Barley Bridge to Cross Green; and also the Road leading out of the last-mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowesley Bridge, all in the County of Derby. v [12th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An 33G.2. c.j39. Act for repairing and widening the Road fro?n the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge j and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green; and also the Road leading out of the last-mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowesley Bridge in the County of Derby:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for en- 21G.3. c. 8h larging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Thirty-third Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled ‘ An Act «for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the \Local.~\ 7 E Road

ft

If }1

570

4° GEORGII IV. xxviii.

( Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green; and also the Road leading out of the last-mentioned Road to the i Turnpike Road near Rowesley Bridge in the County of Derby :* And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His 42G.3, c. 7. said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green; and also the Road leading out of the last-mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowesley Bridge, all in the County of Derby : And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Ma-3G.4. c. 126. jesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Bri-, tain called England: And whereas the Trustees for executing the said Three first recited Acts have made great Progress in repairing the Roads thereby directed to be repaired, for which Purpose they have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with a large Arrear of Interest, still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted and continued by the said Three first recited Acts be further continued j and it would be more convenient if the said Three first recited Acts were repealed, and other Powers and Provisions granted instead thereof; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with' the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Thirty-Thirs Yekr of the Reign bf His sard Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-first and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and that this Act shall commence and take Effect an lieu and instead thereof, and shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually making, diverting, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green, and also the Road leading out of the last-mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowesley Bridge in the County of Derby.

The said Three first recited Acts repealed.

This Act liable to the Payment of Money borrowed under the said former Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and the Tolls hereby granted, shall and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties arising upon the said Roads, and of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of the said last recited Act and of this Act, and all Interest due and to grow due for the same respectively.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvlii.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Remedies, Penalties, Exemptions, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall extend, and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend to this Act, in as full, large and ample a Manner, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same respectively were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, save and except where the same are or any Part thereof is expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, and Securities made or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with any of the Trustees for executing the said Three first recited Acts, according to the Provisions and Directions thereof respectively, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall-be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Eqiiity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed; and all Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, and Securities duly made or entered into by the Trustees for executing the said Acts hereby repealed, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees for executing this Act and the said last recited Act, and be observed and kept by them according to the Terms and Stipulations and Tenor thereof respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Derby, together with William Ashby Ashby, Richard Arkwright, Richard Arkwright the younger, Robert Arkwright, Peter Arkwright, John Arkwright, Charles Arkwright, Joseph Arkwright Clerk, Shukburgh Ashby, Frederick Arkwright, John Carver Athorpe, Alexander Bossley, John Barker, Edward Barker, John Barker Clerk, John Mellor Brown, William John Bags haw, John Gorell Barnes, John Bunting, D'Ewes Coke, John Charge, Gilbert Crompton, Richard Calton, Charles Clarke, John Collar, Josiah Claughton, William Carliell, Henry Dixon, Samuel Dixon, Richard Dixon, Vincent Eyre, Francis Eyre, Sir Henry Fitzherbert Baronet, Charles Dakeyne Gladwin, Joseph Gratton, Joseph Gratton the younger, Thomas Garthwaite, Joseph Graham, Richard Gillett, Thomas Hill Clerk, James Hunloke, Thomas Hallows, Ralph Heath-cote Clerk, Rowland Hacker, Godfrey Heathcote, William Hewitt, George Hewitt, Charles Hewitt, Richard Roundel I Hurwood, Arthur Heathcote Heathcote, Francis Hurt, Francis Hurt the younger, John Hurt Clerk, Charles Hurt, Charles Hurt the younger, Richard Hurt, Edward Hurt, Immanuel Halton Clerk, Robert Holden, Joshua Jebb, Joshua Jebb the younger, Thomas Knowlton, Richard Beacher Leacroft, James Lingard, Thomas Lowndes, Bernard Lucas, Thomas Burton Lucas Clerk, Bernard Maynard Lucas, Anthony Lax Maynard, Edmund Gilling Maynard, Charles Hughes May, Robert Malkin, Henry Malkin, John Milnes, William Milnes, James Milnes, Horatio Mason, James Mander, George Mower, William Edward Nightingale, Joseph Nodder Clerk, John Nuttall, Peter Acklam Reaston, Cornelius Heathcote Reaston, William Robinson, Josiah

Bradbury

571

Extending the Powers of the Act 3 G.4. c. 126. to this Act.

Bonds, Agreements, &c. under the fornier Acts to be good under this Act,

Books used under former Acts to be Evidence.

Trustees.

572 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

Bradbury Robinson, John Rooth, Samuel Rooth, Sir George Sitwell Baronet, John Robert Sharpe, Adam Barker Slater, Silas Slater Clerk, Richard Smith Clerk, Frederick Smith, James Swettenham, Thomas Milnes Smith, William Stubbing, Broughton Steade, Micklethwaite Steade, Charles Steade, Jonathan Stokes Doctor of Medicine, William Turbutt, Richard Burrow Turbutt Clerk, Bache Thornhill, Bache Thornhill Clerk, William Thom• hill, Wotton Byrchinshaw Thomas, Isaac Wilkinson, William Waller, William Wright, Peter Wright, Adam Wolley, John Wood Clerk, Robert Wood, Hugh Wood, Peter Walthall, Richard Walthall, Joseph Wilson, and their Successors* shall be and they are hereby declared to be the Trustees for carrying into Execution the said last recited Act and this Act.

Trustees to

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of take an Oath acting as a Trustee for putting the said last recited Act and this Act in cute the Acts. Execution unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said last recited Act is directed and prescribed; and unless (being so qualified) he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last recited Act,and the Oath herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe before any One or more of the said Trustees an Oath, or being a Quaker, an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following j (that is to say),

Form of ‘ T A.B. do swear, [or, being a Quaker, do affirm], That I will truly. Oath. ( X honestly, and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment,

‘ execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts

* reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth ‘ Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled { An Act, &c. [here insert the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed e in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act

* to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that

‘ Part of Great Britain called England. So help me GOD.*

Which Oath or Affirmation any one or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said last recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Acts and Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

Power to ap-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the point addi- said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby autho-tiona rus rized and empowered, at their first Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect any Number of Persons, not exceeding I en in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act and the said last recited Act,

in

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii. 573

in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees, so elected and being qualified according to the Directions of the said last recited Act and this Act, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this and the said last recited Act, as if they had been hereby nominated and appointed.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who have Officers been employed, or who shall have received any Tolls or other Money by virtue or in pursuance of the said Three first recited Acts, or who shall ^account to have in their Custody or Possession any Books, Accounts, Papers, Writ- the Trustees ings or Things relating to the said Roads, shall account, pay, and deliver for executing over the same to the said Trustees in like Manner and under the like Pe- this Act* nalties as are herein-before inflicted in respect to the several Persons receiving any Monies, or having the Possession of any Books, Writings, or other Things by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the first Meeting of the said Trus- First Meeting tees shall be held at the House known by the Sign of The Angel, or at of Trustees, some other convenient House or Place in the Town of Chesterfield, in the said County of Derby on the Second Monday next after the passing of officers, this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be; at which Meeting the said Trustees shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and a Clerk or Clerks, and also a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and of all the Monies to be collected, or which shall or may be due and payable under or by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, and shall likewise appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and that they the said Trustees shall and may from Time to Time remove all such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors and other Officers, or any of them, when and as often as they shall see occasion, and appoint others in their stead, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper j and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Tolls and other Monies to be collected and received under or by virtue of the said recited Acis and this Act, make such Allowance, by way of Salaries or otherwise, unto the Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers so to be appointed, for and in consideration of the Care and Pains by them respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Treasurer lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons antl clrk who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution ^e^erson! of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or

Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purpose of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees j and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person, being the Parmer of any such [Local.] 7 F Clerk

574 4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xxviii.

Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Power to

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may continue the continue the several Turnpike Gates which now stand across or on the o^to^rect^3 Sides of the said Roads, or from Time to Time remove the same or any others. of them, and set up and erect in lieu thereof and in addition thereto One or more Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the Roads directed by this Act to be amended and repaired, as they the said Trustees may deem expedient; and may also set up and erect a Toll House to each such Turnpike, with suitable Conveniences thereto j and may also inclose from the said Roads, or from any Common or Waste Land immediately adjoining such Toll Houses, convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses respectively, as they the said Trustees may judge proper, not exceeding in the Whole One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre to or for each Toll House; and the said Trustees may cause all or any of such Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and other Buildings from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, and set up again, or altered in such Place or Places across or on the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall judge proper.

Restriction as to the erecting Side Gates.

Power to sell the present Toll Houses.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll Gate shall hereafter be erected on the Side of the said Turnpike Road, unless the same be ordered by the said Trustees at a Meeting, of which Fourteen Days public Notice shall have been given in Writing, affixed upon all the Toll Gates erected on such Road, and also in some public Newspaper circulated in that Part of the Country, specifying the Place where such Toll Gate is proposed to be erected, and unless Three Trustees at least shall sign the said Order at such Meeting.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed on the said Roads to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to

the

4° GEORGII IV. xxviii. 575

the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground, or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the following Tolls shall be de- Power to manded, taken, collected and paid at the several Toll Gates and Turnpikes tal<e Tolls* now erected or hereafter to be erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said R oads, or any Diversion or Branch thereof, or at the End or Ends, Side or Sides thereof, or at the End or Opening of any Street, Lane or Way leading into or out of the said Roads or any Diversion or Branch thereof.

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Barouche, Tolls. Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Curricle, Caravan, Chair, Gig, or other such Carriage, Hearse, or Litter, any Sum not exceeding Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Wain,

Cart, Tumbril, or other such like Carriage, having at the Time of using thereof Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches at the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies thereof, any Sum not exceeding Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Wain,

Cart, Tumbril or other such like Carriage, having at the Time of using thereof Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches at the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies thereof, any Sum not exceeding Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, a Toll not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle (Calves excepted), a Toll not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence/><?r Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, a Toll not exceeding the Sutn of Seven-pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Carriage with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, loaded with any Mill Stone or Mill Stones, Block or Blocks of Stone,

Piece or Pieces of Timber, and drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence $ and if drawn by more than Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the further Sum of One Shilling for each such Horse or Beast of Draught exceeding that Number: And,

For every Carriage with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, loaded as aforesaid, and drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Nine-pence) and if drawn by more than

Five

576

For regulating the Toll for Coals between Slate-pit Dale and Rowesley Bridge and Darley Bridge.

For exempting from Toll Lime for manuring Land.

Tolls to be paid but Once a Day at each Gate.

Limiting the Number of Tolls to be taken.

Stage Coaches, Caravans, and Post Chaisea

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the further Sum of One Shilling

for each Horse or Beast of Draught exceeding that Number.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person havingpaid the Toll granted by this Act at any one of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected between Slatepit Dale and Rowesley Bridge, or between 'Siatepit Dale and Darley Bridge, shall be liable the same Day to pay any Toll at any other Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected between the said respective Places, for passing with the same Horse or other Beast laden with Coals only, which have not been already laid down or unladen at any Coal Yard or other Place, from any Horse or other Beast, Cart, or Carriage, or Horses unladen going to fetch Coals only, which have not been laid down or unladen as aforesaid, such Person producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis; but in case any Coals shall be unladen or taken up, on or near the said Roads, from any Beast, Cart, or Carriage, or taken up at any Coal Yard or other Place as aforesaid, after the same have been so unladen, then the said Beast, Cart, or Carriage with Coals shall be liable to pay another full Toll before they shall pass any of the said Gates.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Cattle or Carriage loaded with Lime for the Purpose of manuring and stocking of Land in the same Parish where such Lime shall be so gotten and burnt and used by the Inhabitants thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject to the Payment of Toll more than Once in any one Day, (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night) for passing and repassing with the same Horse or Horses, Beasts or Cattle, through the same Turnpike (except as herein-after mentioned), such Person or Persons producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll, and which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Payment of the Tolls.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, or their Lessee or Lessees, Collector or Collectors, to demand or take more than Two full Tolls the same Day on the whole Line of the said Road from any Person passing or repassing in any one Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night) along the said Road, with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts or Carriages, and that all and every Person or Persons, after having paid such Two full Tolls on the same Day at the Toll Gates new erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Road, on producing Notes or Tickets denoting such Payments, shall afterwards pass Toll-free with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages during such Day (to be computed as aforesaid) through the same Toll Gates, or through any other Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads Or on the Sides thereof.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or other Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or any other Carriage carrying Passengers

. or

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xxviii.

or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid, and the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise and other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That out of any Money now in the Hands of the said Trustees, or out of the first Money arising by the Tolls hereby granted, or out of such Money as shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall in the first Place pay and discharge all the Expences and Costs of procuring and passing this Act, and shall apply the Remainder of the Monies so raised in erecting Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and repairing, widening, and amending the said Roads, and defraying the necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the same, and the Execution of this Act, and in paying the Principal and Interest of the Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts and this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall not compound with any Person or Persons using to travel through all or any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of the said former Acts or this Act, for any Sum of Money for and in lieu of the Payment of Tolls, unless by and with the Consent of Two-thirds in Value of the Creditors of the Tolls.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, at such Distance from any Toll Gate or Turnpike upon the said Roads as they shall think proper or expedient, order and cause to be built or erected, or to be hired, rented, taken, compounded and agreed for, any Crane, Machine, or Engine proper for weighing Carts, Waggons, or Carriages loaded with any kind of Loading whatsoever.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities hereby given shall not in any case be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained for that Purpose.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, diverting, widening, repairing, or otherwise improving the said Roads or any Part thereof, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of

577

to pay every Time of passing.

Application of the Tolls.

Compositions for Tolls not to be made without Consent of Two-thirds of the Creditors.

Trustees empowered to erect Cranes for weighing Carts, &c.

Trustees restrained from pulling down Dwelling Houses without Consent of the Owner.

Trustees may contract for the making or repairing the Hoads.

578

Regulations as to Perfor mance of Statute Work.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

Money as the said Trustees shall think proper j and that all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, Surveyor or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the same, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or " shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads do lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force'and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and on such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers suck Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or limes as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every

9 Da/

579

4° GEORGII IV. Cfep.xxviii.

Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses,

Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by apy Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places shall refuse or wholly neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as in case of often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be Nonpayment paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Materials, Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Damages, or Materials or Costs, or for any Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Injury done Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums ,he same' to of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties be levied by entitled to receive the same, within Five Days after Demand in Writing Distress of shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from Tr°u8ste°es the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the or their Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Treasurer, case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages,

Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences

580 4° GEORGII IV. Cqp.xxviii.

of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such case such Overplus shall be returned, on Demand, to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be t Provided always, that the said Treasurer shall and may retain, out of any Monies which may come into his Hands in pursuance of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.; ' a

For paying the Expences of the Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the said Trustees, out of any Money now in the Hands of the said Trustees or their Treasurer, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, together with lawful Interest for the same from the Time of advancing or disbursing the same.

[Public Act.]

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxix.

An Act for amending the Road from the Devizes Turnpike Road, at or near Somerham Brook, through Melksham, to the Horse and Jockey in the Parish of Box in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road, all in the said County.

[12th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street to the Horse and Jockey in the Parish ojfBox in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an additional Road from the said Road in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road at or near Somerham Brook in the same Chapelry, all in the said County : And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twentieth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled ( An Act for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street to the Horse and Jockey in the Parish of Box in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an additional Road from the said Road in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road at c or near Somerham Brook in the same Chapelry, all in the said County :* And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and considerable Sums of Money [Local.] 7 H have

20G. 3. C. 98.

42G. 3. C. 3.

582

3 G. 4. c. 126.

Recited Acts 20G. 3. C. 98. 42 G.3. c. 3. repealed.

This Act to be subject to the Two Acts repealed as to Money owing.

Extending the Powers of 3 G. 4. to this Act.

Bonds and Securities entered into under the former Acts, to remain in force until satisfied and paid.

4" GEORGII IV. xxix.

have been borrowedon-thC Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which still remain due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless the Term granted by the said recited Acts be further continued; and it would be more convenient if the said Acts passed in the Twentieth and Forty.second Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third were repealed, and other Powers and Provisions granted instead thereof: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts passed in the Twentieth and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that this Act shall commence and take effect in lieu and instead thereof, and shall be put in execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in repair the Road leading from the Devizes Turnpike Road, at or near Somerham Brook in the Chapelry of Seend through the Town of Melksham, to the Horse and Jockey in the Parish of Box in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and also the Road from the George Inn in the Parish of Melksham, to the Wilts and Berks Canal Bridge, at or near Catley Cross in the same Parish; and also the Road from the Town of Melksham to the South End of a Wall inclosing a Garden formerly belonging to Samuel Rumsey in Semington Lane in the said Parish.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on account of the said Two first-recited Acts, and also of such other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed by virtue of or become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act, or any of them, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Remedies, Penalties, and Exemptions, Matters and Things, contained in the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall extend and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend to this Act, in as full, large, and ample a Manner, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same respectively were repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act, save and except where the same are or any Part thereof is expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, and Securities, made or entered into by any Person or Persons, to or with any of the Trustees for executing the said Two first recited Acts, according to the Provisions and Directions thereof respectively, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed, and all

io Contracts,

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix. 583

Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, and Securities, duly made or entered into by the Trustees for executing the said Acts hereby repealed, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shali be binding on the Trustees for executing this Act and the said last recited Act, and be observed and kept by them according to the Terms and Stipulations and Tenor thereof respectivelyi

V. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees. Peace for the Time being acting for the said County of Wilts, together

with Ambrose Awdry, John Aw dry, Ambrose Awdry the younger, John Awdry the younger, Peter Awdry, Jeremiah Awdry Clerk, James Henry Arnold Doctor of Laws, William Bruges, Thomas Bruges the younger,

Christopher Beaven, Nathaniel Barton, George Thomas Chamberlain Clerk,

John Fuller the younger, Thomas Flower, Robert Fowler, Thomas Fowler,

John Fowler, William Gaisford, James Gent, Robert Hale Blagden Hale,

Thomas Heatheote Clerk, William Hughes, Thomas Jeffery s, Richard hong the younger, John Long the younger, Walter Long Clerk, Thomas Noyes Lewis, George Moule, Frederick Moule, Henry Alworth Merewether,

Edward Phillips, Edward Phillips the younger, John Ledyard Phillips,

Thomas Redman, James Redman, William Redman, Thomas Redman the younger, Joseph Smith Clerk, William Salmon, William Wroughion Salmon,

John Tylee, Thomas Tylee, Charles Tylee, William Tinker, John Charles Tufnell, Bourchier William Wrey Clerk, and their Successors, shali be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for putting the said last-recited Act and this Act in execution.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Power to said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby autho- appoint addi-rized and empowered, at their First Meeting, or at any General Meeting [g°galTrus’ to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect any Number of Persons not exceeding Five in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act

and the said last-recited Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby and by the said last-recited Act appointed $ and such Trustees so elected, and being qualified according to the Directions of the said last-recited Act and this Act, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this and the said last recited Act as if they had been hereby nominated and appointed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Trustees to be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act and the said last- take an Oath recited Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as

in and by the said last-recited Act is directed and prescribed, and unless (being so qualified) he. shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last-recited Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe, before any one or more of the said Trustees, an Oath, or being a Quaker, an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following j (that is to say), *

* T A-B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do affirm], That I will truly, Oath.

* A honestly, and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment,

* execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed

* in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of *. the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Ach &V.

< [here

584 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxlx.

( [here insert the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third 4 Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the 6 general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part ‘ of Great Britain called England. So help me GOD.*

Which Oath or Affirmation any one or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said last-recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory j but all such Acts and Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

Meetings of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five

the Trustees, or more of them, shall meet at the Kings Arms Inn in Melksham in the said County of Wilts, or at some other convenient House or Place on or near the said Roads, on the First Wednesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, for the Purpose of carrying the same and the said last-recited Act into Execution j and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and meet at the above Inn, or at any House or Place, as they or any Five or more of them may think proper; and that if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, the Meeting shall be adjourned, and that Two Trustees shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and that in case the said Trustees or any of them shall not attend, or shall omit to adjourn, then the Clerk to the said Trustees shall adjourn the said Meeting, and appoint the said Trustees to meet at the Place where such last Meeting was appointed to be held, within Fourteen Days next after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed to be held, and shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on the several Turnpike Gates on the said Road, at least Ten Days before such Meeting.

Trustees to

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may,

appoint Offi- by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers,

cers. and a Clerk or Clerks, and also a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and of all the Monies to be collected, or which shall or may be due and payable under or by virtue of the said last-recited Act and this Act; and the said Trustees shall likewise appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think proper $ and they the said Trustees shall and may from Time to Time remove all such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, when and as often as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others

in

. 4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix.

m their Stead, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper 5 and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Tolls and other Monies to be collected and received under or by virtue of the said last-recited Act and this Act, make such Allowance, by way of Salaries or otherwise, unto the Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers so to be appointed, for and in consideration of the Care and Pains by them respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor, and other Officer and Officers (except the Treasurer), nominated and appointed under and by virtue of the said Two first-recited Acts hereby repealed, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees; and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he or they had been nominated or appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said Two first-recited Acts, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said Acts had not been repealed.

585

Old Officers may continue until others are appointed.

Trustees not to appoint the same Person to Two Offices.

Books used under former Acts to be Evidence under this Act.

586

Officers under former Acts to account.

Power to continue present Gates, or to erect others, &c.

Power to sell the present Toll Houses.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who have been employed, or who shall have received any Tolls or other Money by virtue or in pursuance of the said Two first-recited Acts, or who shall have in their Custody or Possessionany Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or Things relating to the said Roads, shall account, pay, and deliver over the same to the said Trustees, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as are by the said last-recited Act inflicted in respect to the several Persons receiving any Monies, or having the Possession of any Books, Writings, or other Things, by virtue of the said Acts and this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, as they shall think proper, continue or remove all or any of the Toll Gates erected by virtue of the said Two first recited Acts, or which shall or may be erected by virtue thereof and of this Act, or any of them, and may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, any other Toll Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and upon the Sides thereof respectively, and also across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the same, and may also continue, erect, or provide a Toll House, with suitable Out.buildings and Conveniences, at or near each Toll Gate, and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, or discontinue such Toll Gates or Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think expedient, and also may take in and inclose from the said Roads convenient Garden Spots for the said Toll Houses respectively, not exceeding One-eighth Part of an Acre to each Tollhouse, any thing in this or the said Two first-recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, on the said Roads to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by Public Auction or Private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same $ and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple 5 and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him or them so purchased, discharged- from all Trust and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Lands as is by the said last-recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

4

4 GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix. 587

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls following Powertotake shall be demanded and taken at each of the Gates, Bars, or Chains, by To1 s* such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse,

' Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same; (that is to say),

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tolls’ Sledge, Dray, or other such Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Four Inches and an Half at the Bottom thereof, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart,

Sledge, Dray, or such other Carriage, having the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half, and less than Six Inches, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart,

Sledge, Dray, or other such Carriage, having the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Taxed Cart, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau,

Berlin, Hearse, Curricle, Chair, or other Carriage of whatever Description, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number : And,

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Eight-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Toll, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied as herein-after is directed.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if it shall at any Time appear to the said Trustees, or to a Majority of them, at any Meeting to be held under or by virtue of this Act, such Majority not being less than Eleven, that the Roads included in this Act cannot be sufficiently repaired, widened, and altered, and the Interest of the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof be from Time to Time punctually paid, then it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby required to raise and increase the said several Tolls, not exceeding One Half of the present Amount thereof, and the Tolls so raised shall be from Time to Time collected, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as the Tolls by this Act are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied; but no such Increase of Toll shall be made until Thirty Days previous Notice in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk of the said Trustees, of the Time and Place of Meeting for that Purpose, by the Order of the said Trustees, fixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erected across or on the Sides of the Road intended to be repaired by virtue of this Act, nor until the like Notice be advertized in One or more Newspapers circulated in the said County of Wilts.

Power to raise the Tolls One Half if Roads cannot be sufficiently repaired.

588

Tolls to be paid but once a Day at each "Gate.

Limiting the Number of Tolls to be taken in one Day.

Stage Coaches, Caravans.and Post Chaises, to pay every Time of passing.

Carts and Waggons passing more than Six Times upon the Canal Wharf at Melksham, to pay a SecondTime.

Expences of the Act how to be paid, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That no Person shall be subject to the Payment of Toll more than once in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night), for passing and repassing with the same Horse or Horses, Beasts or Cattle, through the same Turnpike, (except as herein-after mentioned), such Person or Persons producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll, and which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Payment of the Toll.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no more than One full Toll shall be taken upon the said Roads for the same Horses, Beasts, Cattle, and Carriages passing and repassing through all or any of the Toll Gates erected or to be erected across or on the Sides of the said Roads in any one Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; but that all and every Person and Persons, after having paid One full Toll as aforesaid, and producing a Note or Ticket or Notes or Tickets denoting the Payment of such Toll, shall afterwards pass with the same Horses, Beasts, Cattle, and Carriages, Toll-free during such Day, to be computed as aforesaid, through all and every the Gate and Gates, Turnpike and Turnpikes, erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act on the said Roads, or across any Road or Way leading out of the same; and that all the respective Collectors of the Tolls are hereby.required to deliver such Notes or Tickets gratis, on Receipt of the Toll in Manner aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like manner as if no Toll had been before paid; and the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise and other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads, on the same Day, with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Carts and Waggons passing any Gate upon the said Roads more than Six Times in any One Day, from the Canal Wharf at Melksham, such Carts and Waggons shall be liable to pay the Toll a Second Time for passing upon the said Roads, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already raised by virtue of the said Two first-recited Acts, and now in the Treasurer’s Hands, or out of the first Monies that shall be raised by virtue of the said Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, the said Trustees shall pay and discharge all the Expences and Costs relative to procuring and passing of this Act, in preference to any other Payment whatsoever j and that the Treasurer to the said Trustees shall thenceforth, Twice at least in every Year, discharge the Interest

upon

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix. 589

upon all Mortgages and other Securities made by virtue of the said former Acts, or to be made by virtue of the said last recited Act or this Act, if the same shall be demanded, in preference to all other Payments; and the Remainder of the Money so raised shall from Time to Time be applied in putting this Act in Execution, and in repaying the principal Monies by this Act charged or borrowed.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities hereby given shall not in any case be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, out the Con-Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or sent of Pro-any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Pnetor-Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Per- Trustees may son or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or ap- contract for point, shall and may and they and he aTe and is hereby empowered to the making contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, diverting, widen-

ing, repairing, or otherwise improving the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, in such manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or Regulations shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards as to the Pet-repairing and amending the said Roads or any Part thereof, shall still

remain liable thereunto in like manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Wilts, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks,

Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of ‘ or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regula- •' < tions and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute [Local.] 7lK ' in

Dwelling Houses not to be taken down with-

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xxix.

in Force and Effect for. the Repair of the Public Highways; and out ^f such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be dpne on such Days apd at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and apppint; and the s^id Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to,the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall, for every I)ay of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught of Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts to be provided by him, her, or them, be subj ect and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor tp the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices, on Complaint made to such Justice or Justices, by the Surveyor to the said Trustees,

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials or Costs, or for any Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money

c shall

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix.

shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees or their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that the said Treasurer shall and may retain, out of any Monies which may come into his Hands in pursuance of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby required to keep in repair all and every the Causeway or Causeways for the Use of Foot Passengers in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Roads j and they are hereby authorized to make such further Causeway or Causeways in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Roads, as they shall think proper.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being especially pleaded.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

591

be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

Causeways to be kept in Repair.

[Public Act.]

Terra of the Act.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxx.

An Act for improving the Roads from Darlaston Bridge, through Newcastle-under-Lyme, to Butt Lane and Linley Lane, and from the Black Lion to Shelton Wharf, all in the County of Stafford.

[12th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for reducing into one Act of Parliament the several Laws now in force for repairing the Road leading from the Town or Village of Tittensor to the most Northern Fart of Talk-on-the-Hill in Butt Lane in the County of Stafford; and for repairing the Road from Darlaston Bridge, over Tittensor Heath, through the Town or Village of Tittensor aforesaid : And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Nineteenth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled ‘ An Act for reducing into one Act of Parliament the several Laws in force for repairing the Road leading from the Town or Village of Tittensor to the most Northern Part of Talk-on-the-< Hill, in Butt Lane in the County of Stafford; and for repairing the Road ‘ from Darlaston Bridge, over Tittensor Heath, through the Town or Village i of Tittensor aforesaid and for making and keeping in Repair a Road branching out of the said Turnpike Road near the House known by the Sign of The Black Lion, to or nearly to Shelton Wharf, all in the Parish of \Local.] 7 L Stoke-

rs. c.ll 9,

31G.3.CJ2&

594

M.G.3.

c.xlrx.

S G. 4. c.I26.

Recited Acts

repealed.

New Term granted.

4" GEORGII IV. xxx.

Stoke-upon-Trent, in the said County of Stafford : And whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His -present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Darlaston Bridge to the most Northern Part of Talk-on-the-Hill, in Butt Lane in the County of Stafford; and also the Road branching out of the said first mentioned Road to Shelton Wharf in the said County : And whereas the Trustees appointed by or under the Authority of the said several recited Acts, have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, of which Sums of Money a considerable Part still remains due and owing : And whereas the main Line of Road, comprised in the said recited Acts, forms Part of the direct Line of Communication between London and Liverpool, and also Parc of the direct Lines of Communication from Birmingham to Liverpool and Manchester, and every Improvement upon the same Road is therefore of great Importance to the’public Intercourse between those Places, as well as of local Advantage to the immediate Neighbourhood : And whereas there are sundry Projections and narrow Places in the said main Line of Road, as well as Hills and Declivities, which are inconvenient and dangerous to Travellers; and it is therefore expedient that effectual Provision should be made by Law for removing such Projections, and for widening such narrow Places, and for avoiding such Hills 'and Declivities: And whereas it will be of public Utility and Convenience, and will materially improve the Lines of Communication from London to Liverpool, and from Birmingham to Liverpool, to make a new Road, branching from and out of the main Road before mentioned, at or near a Place called The Hollins, in the Township of Talk-on-the-Hill and Parish of Audley in the said County of Stafford, into the Linley Lane Turnpike Road, in the same Township, Parish, and County : And whereas it is expedient to enlarge the Term, and to alter some of the Powers of the said recited Acts, and to grant further Powers for the Improvement and Management of all the said Roads: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : And whereas it would facilitate the Execution of the Purposes aforesaid, if the said first Three recited Acts were repealed, and other Provisions made for the Maintenance and Repair of the said Roads : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Acts of the Nineteenth, Thirty-first, and Fifty-sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed; and that this Act shall from thenceforth commence and take Effect, and shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as well for the Purpose of amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Roads comprehended in the Provision? of the said first Three recited Acts, or any of them \ that is to say, the main Line of Road from Darlaston Bridge, through Tittensor, Trentham, and Newcastle-under-Lyme, \.o the most Northern Part of the lownship of Talk-on-the-Hill in Butt Lane, and the Road branching out of the said

Road-

4° GEORGII IV. 595

Road at the Black Lion in the Township of Penkhull, through Stoke-upon-

Trent) to Shelton Wharfs as for the Purpose of making and maintaining " ,

the new Branch of Road herein-before mentioned, which is intended to

branch from and out of the main Line of Road comprehended in the said

first Three recited Acts, at or near a Place called The Hollins in the said

Township of Talk-on-the-Hill and Parish of Audley, into the Linley Lane

Turnpike Road, in the same Township of Talk-on-the-Hill and Parish of

Audley; and this Act, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall and the same

are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies

now due and owing upon the Credit or on account of the said first Three

recited Acts, or any of them, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such

Monies had been borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act,

or of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected; and all and every *

Persons and Person owing any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing the said first Three recited Acts, shall be liable to the Payment thereof to the Trustees herein-after appointed or directed to be appointed for executing this Act j and all Conveyances, Bonds,

Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities made to of by, or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for executing the, said first Three recited Acts, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and in Equity, until the same be fully satisfied and performed, on account and for the Benefit of the Trusts created by this Act; and all Bargains, Contracts,

Agreements, or Notices made, entered into, or given by the Trustees for executing the said first Three recited Acts, with or to any Person or Persons, for any Purpose relating to the said Roads, or to the Execution of the said Acts, or any of them, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees under this Act, and by the other respective Parties to such Contracts, Agreements, or Notices, according to the Terms, Stipulations, and the true and equitable Intent and Meaning thereof, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said first Three recited Acts.

IL. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of rile Trustees. Peace acting for the County of Stafford for the Time being, together with the Right Honourable Henry Charles Howard commonly called Earl of Surrey, the Right Honourable George Granville Leveson Gower commonly called Earl Gower, the Right Honourable Robert Sewallis Shirley commonly called Lord Viscount Tarnworth, the Right Honourable Charles Thomas Chetwynd Talbot commonly called Lord Viscount lngestrie, the Right Honourable Richard Grosvenor commonly called Lord Viscount Belgrave, the Right Honourable Dudley Ryder commonly called Lord Viscount Sandon, the Right Honourable Francis Leveson Gower commonly called Lord Francis Leveson Gower, the Honourable Thomas Windsor, the Honourable and Reverend John Chetwynd Talbot Clerk, the Honourable William Jervis Ricketts, the Honourable John Edward Ricketts, the Honourable John Crewe, the Honourable William Scotty Sir Roger Gresley Baronet, Sir John Chetwode Baronet, Sir John Fenton Boughey Baronet,

Sir Edmund Antrobus Baronet, Joseph Adams, Thomas Adams, Benjamin Adams Clerk, William Adams of Cobridge, John Adams, William Adams the younger, William Adams of Stoke, Ralph Adderley, Robert Ellis Aitkens Clerk, Thomas Allen, John Anderton Clerk, Laurence Annitstead, John . - • - Astbury

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

Astbury Doctor of Physic, James Astbury, James Astbury the younger, Ed1 ward Astbury, John Astbury, John Aston, Thomas Aston, Isaac Aston, Ralph Aston, Samuel Bagshaw, William Bailey, William Bailey the younger, William Baker, William Baker the younger, John Ball, Thomas Bamfordr John Birch Basnett Clerk, James Bateman, John Bateman, James Beech, John Cooper Beckett, Henry Stephens Belcombe Doctor of Physic, John Bennett, Richard Bent Doctor of Physic, John Bent, William Bent, Rowland Bent, John Warburton Berry, John Bill, Edmund John Birch, Edmund John Birch the younger, Thomas Phillips Birks, William Bishop, John Blunt Clerk, John James Blunt Clerk, Hugh Booth, Joseph Booth, George Booth, Ralph Bourne, John Bourne, Charles Bourne, Thomas Fletcher Fenton Boughey, John Fenton Fletcher Boughey, George Fenton Fletcher Boughey, John Isaac Brasier Clerk, Thomas Brooke Clerk, Ralph Brown, Richard Bull, Robert Bull, Thomas Butt Clerk, James Caldwell, James Stamford Caldwell, John Carey, Charles Chester, John Chetwode, George Chetwynd, Roylance Child, Baddeley Child, Ralph Clews, James Clews, Bernard Coombe, Thomas Gorton Coombe, James Cope, Walter Hill Coyney, Walter Weston Coyney, Foster Cunliffe, John Smith Daintry, John Davenport, John Davenport the younger, Henry Davenport, Henry Dobbs, Benjamin Eardley, John Eardley, Thomas Eaton, George Wood Eaton, Charles Eaton, Thomas Edwards, William Edwards, John Fenton Clerk, Thomas Fenton, Robert Fenton, John Thomas Fenton, Thomas Firmstone, George Fitchett, Thomas Fitzherbert, John Fitzherbert, George Fitzherbert, John Ford, Richard Sutton Ford, James Nelthorpe Fowler, John Gardner, James Gardner, Samuel Glover, James Godwin, Thomas Fenton Grosvenor, Henry Guest, John Hadderton, John Hales, George Hall, Robert Hall, Robert Hamilton, Benjamin Harding, William Harrison, Charles Harvey, John Harvey, Charles Hassells, Charles Stephen Hassells, Richard Hatton, Richard Edens or Heathcote, Nigel W. Heathcote, Charles B. Heathcote, Samuel Henshall, William Henshall, Richard Hicks, Robert Hill Clerk, Richard Clarke Hill, Caleb Hill, Robert Hill, William Hill, Robert Hill, William Holland, John Hollins, Richard Hollins, Thomas Hollins, William Hyatt, William Stevenson Hyatt, Swynfen Jervis, Ter rick Jones, William Shepherd Kinnersly, Thomas Kinnersly, Edward Kinnersly, John Kirkham, William Lawton, Charles Bourne Lawton, John Lawton Clerk, James Leech, Thomas Leech, James Leech the younger, Clement Leigh Clerk, Edward John Littleton, James Loch, John Lockett, James Macdonald, Edward Mainwaring, Charles Main-waring, Rowland Mainwaring, James Mainwaring Clerk, Matthew Mare, Samuel Mare, Jacob Marsh, George Miles Mason, Charles James Mason, John Mason, Samuel Mayer, Samuel Mayer the younger, Thomas Mayer, Thomas Mayer the younger, Joseph Mayer, William Bewley Meek, Job Meigh, Charles Meigh, Hugo Charles Meynell, Thomas Minton, Thomas Webb Minion, Herbert Minton, John Morris, Richard Mountford, William Nickisson, John Nickisson, Francis Hickin Northen Doctor of Physic, Thomas Hawe Parker, Samuel Peake, Thomas Peak, John Berks Peak, John Phillips, John Eldershaw Phillips, Thomas Phillips, Thomas Plant of Walton, Thomas Plant of Newcastle, James Poole, Daniel Poole, George Ridgway, John Ridgway, William Ridgway, John Robison, Spencer Rogers;, John Rowley, John Shaw, Samuel Shelley, William Shelley, John Smith of Fenton, John Smith of Penkhull, Robert Smith, James Smith, John Gabriel Smith, Walter Sneyd, Ralph Sneyd, William Sneyd of BradwelU John Sneyd Clerk, Lewis Sneyd Clerk, William Sneyd of Ashcombe, William Debank Sneyd, Thomas Sparrow, Richard Speakman, Josiah Spode, Josiah Spode the

younger,

4° GEORGII IV. Cup.xxx. 597

younger, Thomas Stanier, Jacob Stanley, William Swift, Thomas Swinnerton,

Thomas Tait, Thomas Thompson, Josiah Timmis, John Timmis, George Toilet,

John Tomlinson, John Wickes Tomlinson, Frederick Wright Tomlinson, Charles Try on, Turner, Thomas Twemlow, Francis Twemlow, Peter Walthall,

Peter Walthall Clerk, Thomas Walthall Jacob Warburton, John Warburton,

Thomas Ward, Richard Rowland Ward Clerk, John Wedgwood of Betley,

Josiah Wedgwood, Josiah Wedgwood the younger, John Wedgwood of Bignall End, Thomas Wedgwood of Burslem, John Whalley Clerk, John Whalley the younger, Daniel Whalley, John Turner Whieldon, George Whieldon, Edward Whieldon Clerk, Charles Wicks ted, Randle Wilbraham, Randle Wilbraham the younger, Robert Williamson, Henshall Williamson, John Wilson,

Alexander Wilson, George Wood, John Chappel Woodhouse Doctor of Divinity,

Samuel Wright, John Tates, William Tates, and William Wingfield Tates, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting the said last recited Act and this Act into Execution, with regard to the whole of the Roads herein-before mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provi- Powers of sions. Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, the General and Things, enacted and contained in the said last recited Act, passed irt TurnPlkeAct the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (save and except this Act. to such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act), shall be of the same Force, Effect, and Validity, for carrying the Purposes of this Act and the said last recited Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Power to the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from appoi«tad-Time to Time, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Xrustees ' Act, to elect and appoint any Number of Persons (not exceeding Five in

the whole, in addition to the Number of Trustees herein named and appointed to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act,

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of Trustees*to acting as a Trustee for any of the Purposes of this Act (save as to the take a« Oath administering or receiving of the Oath or Affirmation mentioned in the *° actimpar* said last recited Act, and the Oath or Affirmation herein-after men- u tioned) until at some Meeting of the said Trustees he shall have taken

and subscribed the Oath, or being One of the People calledQuakers, shall have made and subscribed the Affirmation herein-after mentioned, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby empowered to administer or receive such Oath or Affirmation in the Words following;

(that is to say,)

c T do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers,

« do solemnly affirm,] That I will faithfully and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, act in the Execution and Performance of the several Trusts and Powers reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King < George the Fourth, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Act.~]

'So help me GOD.’

« [Or in the Case of a Quaker, mit the Words( So help me God.*]

[Loco/.] 7 M And

598

Penalty on acting without taking the Oath.

Meetings of Trustees.

Adjourn-

ments.

If no Adjournment be made, the Clerk or Two Trustees may call a Meeting byJNotice.

Powers of the Act may be executed by Three or more Trustees at Meetings; and the Proceedings of the Ma-

4° GEORGII IV.

And if any Person, not haying taken and subscribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, or, being a Quaker, not having made and subscribed the Affirmation herein-before mentioned, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, (save only in the Case before excepted), every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he has taken or made and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation in the Manner aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Prosecutor than Proof of such Person having so acted as a Trustee: Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such disqualified Person, previously to his being convicted of such Offence, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had duly conformed to the Provisions of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for executing this Act shall meet together at the Public Office, or some other convenient Place in the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme, on the Third Saturday after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall and may then, and from Time to Time thereafter, adjourn to and meet at such Times, and at such Place or Places, in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, as they shall think proper; and in case a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act shall not appear at any Time and Place appointed for a Meeting, then the Trustees or Trustee appearing at such Time and Place, or if no Trustee shall appear, then the Clerk shall, and they and he are and is hereby respectively authorized to adjourn the Meeting to the Place where the same was appointed to have been held, and to such Time as they or he shall think fit, not being more than Fourteen Days nor sooner than Seven Days from the Day of such last intended Meeting; and in case at any Time no Adjournment of any Meeting or intended Meeting shall be made as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk to the said Trustees, or for any Two or more of such Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, to call a Meeting of the Trustees, by Notice to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the County of Stafford, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the said Roads, appointing the Trustees to meet at such Time and Place in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads as the said Clerk, or the said Trustees, respectively giving such Notice, shall think proper, not exceeding Fourteen Days nor sooner than Seven Days from the Date of advertising such Meeting; and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act or the said last recited Act given to, and all the Matters and Things by this Act or the said last recited Act directed or authorized to be done by the said Trustees, shall and may be executed and done by or before the Majority of the Trustees assembled at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, the whole Number present not being less than Three, and the same shall be of as

full

4° GEORGII iy. Cap. xxx. 599

full force and effect as if executed or done by or before all the Trustees jority of the for executing this Act, (except in such Cases where any such Power, Trustee» p^-Authority, Matter, or Thing is by this Act or the said last recited Act ^"valid's if particularly directed or authorized to be executed or done by any other au the Trus-Number of Trustees, or in any other Manner); and at all Meetings to tees had been be held in pursuance of this Act a Chairman shall or may be appointed, present, and in all cases where there shall be an Equality of Votes upon any Question, (including the Vote of the Chairman), such Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote; and all Orders made under the Powers and No Order to

Provisions of this Act, or of the said last recited Act, may be revoked be revoked

or altered if Occasion shall require, provided that no such Order shall be <Jlr\1,^g^lver revoked or altered, except at some Meeting where not less than Five sent! and Pn> Trustees shall be present, nor unless the Majority of the Trustees so major Part present shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration, nor unless Three concur, or more Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk under their Hands, and also cause Notice to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Stafford, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the said Roads,

specifying that such Revocation or Alteration is intended to be moved for Ten Days at least previous to any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meetings on Meeting of the said Trustees it shall at any Time be thought necessary, for Emergencies* the better Execution of this Act, that the said Trustees should meet on

an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall be adjourned, *

it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk to the Trustees, by or under an Order in Writing signed by Two or more Trustees, or for any Two or more Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) to call a Meeting of the Trustees to be held at such Time and at such Place in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, as they shall think proper, by Notice, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such Meeting, to be inserted in some public Newspaper circulated in the said County of Stafford, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then standing on the said Roads,

(such Time being not less than Fourteen Days after Publication of such Notice); and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be ks valid and effectual as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment: Provided always, that no other Business ,j ' ' '

than what shall be specified in such Notice shall be transacted at any such Meeting. ’ "£*r -

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Proceedings of the Books of Trustees in the Execution of the said first Three recited Acts, kept ac- Proceedings cording to the Directions or Provisions thereof, and madeEvidence thereby, f(^ "rn^s shall be admitted in Evidence in all Courts, and by all Judges^ Justices, to be Evi_ and others; and all such Books, and also all Books of Accounts of Re- dence, and, ceipts and Disbursements made under the said first Three recited Acts, together with and all Books for registering Mortgages or Assignments made in pursu- ^fl

ance thereof, shall be preserved and kept by the Clerk for the Time being CeptfUndir* to the said Trustees, and shall at all seasonable Times be open to the In- former Acts, spection of the said Trustees, and any Creditor or Creditors of the Tolls, shall be open without Fee or Reward$ and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of

them,

600

the Trustees and Creditors.

App ointment of Officers.

Old Officers to continue until new ones elected.

Clerk not to act as Treasurer, and vice versa.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Books, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit or shall not permit the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any of them, to inspect the said Books, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any of their Meetings shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, a Clerk or Clerks, a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Removal of any such Officer or Officers, may appoint another or others in his or their Stead; and every such Appointment and Removal shall be entered in the Book of the Proceedings of the Trustees; and the said Trustees shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers, and any other Persons employed, or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in or about the carrying of this Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every Treasurer who shall have been appointed pursuant to the Directions of the said last recited Act, and each and every Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer appointed undet* and by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts, or any of them, shall hold and enjoy such their several and respective Offices and Employments until removed therefrom by the Trustees for executing this Act; and each and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer, shall have the like Power and Authority for the Purposes of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties, and to the like Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he had been appointed by virtue of this Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who hath been or who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act; or to continue or appoint the Person who hath been or who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of T- reasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit

5 and

601

4° GEORGII IV.

and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized, directed, and required to take sufficient Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers acting by virtue of this Act, for the due and faithful Execution of his or their Office, and also shall or may take such Security from any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, or any other Officer acting in the Execution of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector of the Tolls granted by this Act shall neglect or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, or shall otherwise misbehave or misconduct himself, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees (although hot assembled at a Meeting), to discharge such Collector, and in such Case to nominate and appoint a proper Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and to officiate until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, or until removed by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of the said last recited Act and this Act; and which Person or Persons so appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as if he or they had been nominated and appointed at a Meeting of the said Trustees.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they think proper, to continue all and every or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses now standing and being in or upon or across the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof, and also to erect and set up or build, or cause to be erected, set up, and built, upon, in, or across the said Roads by this Act directed or authorized to be repaired and amended or made, or any Part thereof, or (subject to the Provisions of the said last recited Act), upon or across the Entrance to any public Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same, or any Part thereof, when, where, and as they shall judge necessary, any Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike Or Turnpikes, Side Bar or Side Bars, Chain or Chains, and also one or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with Outhouses and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Toll Gate, Turnpike, Side Bar or Chain, and to take in and inclose, on the Sides of the said Roads, suitable Gardens for the same respectively, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre each, as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to take down and remove, or to alter and discontinue the same, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and direct or appoint.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said Roads absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses already erected on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or hereafter to be erected or continued on the same by virtue of this Act, together with

[LocaL~\ : 7 N the

Treasurer, &c. to give Security.

Temporary Collectors of Tolls may be appointed.

Power to erect Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Side Bars, &c.

Toll Houses becoming useless may be sold by the Trustees.

602 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

the Ground whereon the same may stand, and all Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances belonging thereunto, whenever the same shall be considered by the said Trustees to be useless or unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of any such Sale being made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Premises to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money to the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall hold and enjoy the Premises in Fee Simple, discharged from all Trusts, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of the Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof: Provided always, that such and the like Preference and Priority of purchasing the Premises so to be sold shall always be given to the Owner or Owners of the next adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given in case of the Sale of any Piece or Pieces of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of a Turnpike Road, and for that reason sold by the Trustees under the Powers of the said last recited Act.

Power to

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for

take Tolls. the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed or continued or to be appointed Collector or Collectors of the Tolls to be taken by virtue of this Act, to demand and take the Tolls herein-after mentioned, at the several and respective Toll Gates or Turnpikes, or Side Bars or Chains, which are or shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side of the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say),

Tolls. For every Horse drawing any Stage Coach or Diligence, wherein more than Two Horses shall draw, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Ass, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Coach, Landau, Barouche, Chariot, Chaise, Landaulet, Phaeton, Hearse, Curricle, Chair, Gig, Caravan, Van, Taxed Cart, or other Carriage of like Description, by whatsoever Name called or known, (except Stage Coaches or Diligences drawn by more than Two Horses), the Sum of Four-pence and One Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Ass, Ox, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Timber Carriage, Tumbrel, or other Carriage of like Description, by whatsoever Name called or known, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, with the entire Sole of such Fellies of a fiat Surface, or not deviating more than One Quarter of an Inch from a flat Surface, the Sum of Four-pence and One Halfpenny:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Timber Carriage, Tumbrel, or other Carriage of like Description, by whatsoever Name called or known, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, or having a Deviation of more than One Quarter of an Inch on the entire Sole of the Fellies from a flat Surface, and drawn by One Horse, Ass, Ox, Mule, or other Beast of Draught only, the Sum of Sixpence:

For

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx. 603

For every Horse, Ass, Ox, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Timber Carriage, Tumbrel, or other Carriage of like Description, by whatsoever Name called or known, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, or having a Deviation of more than One Quarter of an Inch on the entire Sole of the Fellies from a flat Surface, and being drawn by more than One Horse, Ass, Ox,

Mule, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Seven-pence:

For every Horse, Ass, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny and One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, Neat Cattle, or Swine, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-pence and One Halfpenny per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said respective Tolls or Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken as aforesaid, before any Cattle or Carriage whatsoever shall be permitted to pass through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike, or Side Bar or Chain; and such several and respective Tolls or Sums of Money shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act in manner herein-after directed.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Tolls to be be liable to pay more than One full Toll for passing at any Time or Times Pai^ only with the same Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, in the same Day, to be com- oncea ay* puted from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock on the succeeding Night, through any one and the same Toll Gate, Turnpike, Side Bar, or Chain, erected or to be erected or continued by virtue of this Act; but all and every such Person or Persons, after having paid such full Toll as aforesaid, shall, upon producing a Note or Ticket, denoting such Payment, afterwards pass through the same Toll Gate,

Turnpike, Side Bar, or Chain, with such Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages, Toll-free, during such Day, to be computed as aforesaid.

Tolls not to be paid at more than Two Gates on the whole Roads; viz. One Gate on each Side of Newcastle.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay Toll at more than One Toll Gate, Turnpike, Side Bar, or Chain, for passing or re-passing at any Time or Times in any One Day, to be computed as aforesaid, with the same Horses,

Cattle, or Carriages, through all or any of the Toll Gates, Turnpikes,

Side Bars, or Chains already erected or to be erected or continued upon such Parts of the said Roads as lie Southward of the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme; and that no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay Toll at more than One Toll Gate, Turnpike, Side Bar, or Chain, for passing or re-passing at any Time or Times in any One Day, to be computed as aforesaid, with the same Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, through all or any of the Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Side Bars, or Chains already erected or to be erected or continued upon such Parts of the said Roads as lie Northward of the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby stage made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Coaches, &e. Draught, drawing any Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, or Stage Pa? 8ve,7

ttt i ime ox

Waggon, passjngt

604 . 4° GEORGII IV. . XXX.

Waggon, or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay or Reward, every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads, or any of them,

Horses

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby

Chaise?to be ma£^e payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of subject again Draught let out to Hire, and drawing any Postchaise or other Carriage, to Toll on every Time of passing along the said Roads, or any of them, whenever

every new any new Hiring thereof shall take place, and a Ticket denoting such

H,nns* Hiring shall be produced.

Leases to be vacated;

but Satisfaction to be made to Lessees.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Demises, Leases, and Agreements for letting of the Tolls on the said Roads, heretofore granted, shall, on the Tenth Day of July next after the passing of this Act, cease and be void; and in case any Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of such Tolls, or any other Person or Persons, shall, on the Vacation or Avoidance of such Demises, Leases, or Agreements for letting, refuse or neglect to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House, Toll Gate, Bar or Chain, or the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the said Trustees, or to any Persons acting under their Authority, after Demand thereof made, then it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to remove such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or Person or Persons from the Possession thereof, in such Manner as is herein-after directed with respect to the Removal of the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls to arise and be made payable under this Act, whose Lease or Leases, Contract or Contracts, shall be avoided or vacated, as is hereinafter mentioned : Provided always, that the said Trustees shall on or before the said Tenth Day of July next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby authorized, directed, and required, to make or tender a fair and just Compensation and Satisfaction to the present Lessees or Lessee of such Tolls, for the Loss or Damage which they, he, or she may or might thereby sustain (such Loss or Damage being calculated according to the Amount of the Tolls which were payable at the Time of such Leases or Contracts being entered into, and not according to the Amount of the Tolls hereby made payable); and in case any such Lessees or Lessee shall be dissatisfied with the Amount of such Compensation, then and in such Case such Lessees or Lessee shall and may recover Compensation for the Loss or Damage sustained, by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and also (unless the Amount recovered shall be less than the Sum tendered by or on Behalf of the said Trustees) shall have and recover their full Costs of Suit; provided also, that incase the said Trustees and the present Lessees of the said Tolls, or any of them, shall be desirous that such Demises, Leases or Agreements for letting, shall continue in force for the Remainder of the respective Terms for which the same or any of them shall have been granted or made, then and in such Case such Lessees or Lessee shall pay such Sums of Money, or such additional Rent, to the said Trustees, as such Trustees shall think fit, as a Consideration for the continuing of such Leases or Agreements for letting; and in case of any Difference or Dispute respecting the Amount of such Sum or Rent, such Difference or Dispute shall be settled by any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, which such Justices are hereby empowered to do, on

IO Application

605

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

Application being made to them for that Purpose by such Lessees or Lessee, and on Proof of Fourteen Days Notice of the Intention of such Lessees or Lessee having been given in Writing by such Lessees or Lessee to or at the Office of the Clerk of the said Trustees.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the Tolls Lessees of arising on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall be demised or let to T°Hs any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall be lawful for the Lessee or jj^uses. Farmer thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he shall appoint, to occupy and enjoy the Toll House or Toll Houses at which the said

Tolls so let are to be collected, with all the Appurtenances and Conveniencies thereto belonging, during such Time only as such Lessee or Farmer shall duly pay his Rent and perform the Covenants, Agreements, and Conditions contained in his Lease or Contract for the said Tolls, but not further or otherwise.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls Enabling arising on the said Roads shall be demised or let to farm to any Person *rusJe^p*° or Persons, in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Farmer thereof session of shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the Toll Houses same shall be so demised or let; or in case the Rent agreed to be paid when let to by such Lessee or Farmer, or any Part thereof, shall be in arrear or un* farm* paid for the Space of Three Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid, pursuant to the Lease or Contract for demising or letting the same; or in case such Lease or Contract shall in any Manner become void; then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, upon Application made by the said Trustees, or by any Person authorized on their Behalf, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of the Toll House, Toll Gate, Bar or Chain, demised or let along with such Tolls, and the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the Day-time only, and to remove and put such Lessee or Farmer of the Tolls, or other Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the same, and from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls, and to deliver the Possession thereof to the said Trustees, or such other Person acting under their Authority as aforesaid; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall so think fit, to vacate and determine the Lease or Contract for demising or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Farmer, and the same shall thereupon be utterly void, save only so far as respects the Covenants or Agreements therein contained for Payment of Rent, and the other Obligations or Agreements therein, which may then remain unpaid or unperformed on the Part of such Lessee or Farmer; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, in every such Case, again to demise or let to farm the said Tolls to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected, in such and the same Manner as if no former Lease or Contract had been made relative thereto.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said p?wer to Trustees and they are hereby empowered, in the Manner by this Act

\Local.~\ 7 0 directed, the Roads.

606 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

directed, to amend the said Main Line of Road in the said first Three recited Acts mentioned, and render the same more commodious, by widening and improving certain Parts of the Line of the said Road which are described in the Maps or Plans and Books of Reference herein-after mentioned, and which lie respectively in the several Townships of Darlaston and Penkhull, and in the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme; and for the aforesaid Purpose or Purposes it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase arid take, and to pull down, use, and lay into the said Main Line of Road, any of the Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Yards, Gardens, and Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A), making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and other Persons interested therein, for the same, or for the Damage they may respectively sustain thereby.

raTkeThree

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may also be lawful Deviationse ^01 t^ie Trustees and they are hereby empowered, in the Manner by from the this Act directed, to divert and alter a certain Part of the said Main Line of Main Line of Road which lies in the several Townships of Trentham and Hanford in Road. the Parish of Trentham, commencing at a Point about Two hundred and

twenty Yards to the Southward of a House called the Bank House, now or lately in the Occupation of Samuel Glover, and terminating at or near certain Houses now or lately in the several Occupations of Peter Parrott, William Parrott, Thomas Key, and Richard Cooper, and to make in lieu thereof a shorter and more level and commodious Line of Road within and through other Parts of the said Townships of Trentham and Hanford in the said Parish of Trentham, to the Westward of the present Line; and also to divert and alter a certain other Part of the said Main Line of Road which lies within the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme aforesaid, commencing in Bridge Street and terminating at the North End of a Place called The Green, and to make in lieu thereof a shorter and more level and commodious Line of Road within and through other Parts of the same Borough, to the North-eastward of the present Line; and alsd to divert and alter a certain other Part of the said Main Line of Road which lies within the Township of Talk-on-t he- Hi 11 and Parish of Audley, commencing at a Point about One hundred and fifty Yards Southward of a Lane leading from Talk-on-the-Hill to Tunstall, and terminating near the South Side of a Farm House called The Hollins, and to make in lieu thereof a shorter and more level and commodious Line of Road within and through Other Parts of the said Township of Talk-on-the-Hill and Parish of Audley, so as to pass near Harecastle House, to the Eastward of the present Line; and for the Purpose or Purposes of making and completing the said several new and improved Lines of Roads, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and carry the said several new and improved Lines of Roads in, upon, over, or through any private Lands or Grounds described in the Maps or Plans and Books of Reference herein-after mentioned, of such Width as they shall think proper, not exceeding Forty-two Feet, together with such Footpaths, Causeways, Bridges, Culverts, Fences, Ditches, and Drains as they shall think necessary or expedient; and for the better Execution of such Purpose Or Purposes, or any of them, to purchase and take, and to pull down* use, and lay into the said new and improved Lines of Road, any

8; of

4° GEORGII IV- Cap. xxx. 60?

of the Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Yards, Gardens, and Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.), making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and other Persons interested therein for the same, or for the Damage they may respectively sustain thereby.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may also be lawful Power to for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, in the Manner ir|ake a new by this Act directed, to make and maintain a new Branch of Road, lead- ?ra.nch to ing out of the said Main Line of Road, near the South Side of the said m ay ane‘ Farm House called The Hollins, in the said Township of Talk-on-the-Hill and Parish of Audley, to the Linley Lane Turnpike Road in the same Township of Talk-on-the-Hill and Parish of Audley; and for the Purpose, of making the said new Branch of Road, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and carry the same of such Width as they shall think proper, not exceeding Forty-two Feet, partly in, upon, over, or through any of the private Lands or Grounds described in the Maps or Plans and Books of Refer* ence herein-after mentioned, and partly in, upon, over, or through the adjacent Lands of James Caldwell Esquire, which are also herein-after mentioned, together with such Footpaths, Causeways, Culverts, Fences*

Ditches and Drains, as they shall think necessary or expedient; and for the better Execution of such Purpose, to purchase and take and to lay into the said new Branch of Road such Part as may be necessary of the Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C); making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and other Persons interested therein, for the same, or for the Damage they may respectively sustain thereby.

XXVII. And whereas Maps or Plans describing the several improved New Lines of and new Lines of Road herein-before authorized to be made, and the Road to be Lands and Hereditaments through or over which the same are intended to a(le a£cord be made or carried, have been deposited, together with Books of Re* deposited*18 ference containing Lists of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of with the such Lands and Hereditaments, at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace Clerk of the for the said County of Stafford; be it therefore enacted, That the said ^ace*

Maps or Plans and the said Books of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may, at all seasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and take Copies and Extracts thereof, at their Will and Pleasure, paying to such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Four-pence for every Seventy* two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Maps or Plans and Books of Reference; and that the said Trustees, in making such improved and new Lines of Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the respective Lines described in the said Maps or Plans, with* out the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic,

Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Premises any such Deviation shall be made.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any thing herein-before contained, the said Trustees, in causing the said new Branch of Road to be made from or near The Hollins aforesaid

Proviso for Deviation from the Plan being

a

608

made in the Line of the new Branch, but not exceeding One Hundred Yards.

Lands marked in the Plans may be used, notwithstanding Errors in the Books of Reference.

No Houses, &e. to be taken without the Owner’s Consent, except scheduled Houses, &c.

Fences to be made on the Sides of the new Lines of Road.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

said to the said Linley Lane Turnpike Road, shall and may and they are hereby empowered and directed (with the Consent of the Land Owners interested therein) to deviate from the Map or Plan of the same Branch Road, deposited as aforesaid, to such Extent and in such Manner as that the Eastern Commencement of the said Branch Road may be made and carried partly over the Land of John Shaw, in the said Map or Plan described, and partly over the adjoining Land of James Caldwell Esquire; and that the Line of the said Branch Road may be continued Westward from such Commencement, so as to form the future Boundary between the Lands of the said John Shaw, in the said Map or Plan described, and the adjoining Lands of the said James Caldwell, so far as the Lands of the said John Shaw extend; and so that no Part of the Lands of the said John Shaw shall be left to intervene between the said Branch Road and the Lands of the said James Caldwell j and may thence be continued Westward from the Termination of the Lands of the said John Shaw, through the other Lands in the said Map or Plan described, so as to join the Linley Lane Turnpike Road at a Point which will leave a Barn, now standing upon the Lands belonging to Talk Chapel, at the Distance of not less than Thirty-seven Yards from the North Side of the said new Branch Road: Provided nevertheless, that the Deviation hereby authorized and directed to be made shall in no case exceed the Distance of One hundred Yards from the Line described in the said Map or Plan.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any thing contained in the said last recited Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to make and carry the said improved and new Lines of Road into, through, across, or over the Lands of any Person or Persons, who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of any Lands, over which the same Lines of Road are set out and described in the said Maps or Plans, as being intended to be carried, although the Name or Names of such Owner or Owners, or of his or their Tenant or Tenants, may happen to be omitted, or erroneously stated, in the said Books of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Inadvertence or Mistake.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither the Powers and Authorities given by this Act for making the said improved and new Lines of Road herein-before mentioned, nor the Powers and Authorities given by the said last recited Act for amending, altering, turning, widening, or improving any of the Roads comprised in this Act, shall extend or be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or use, for any of the Purposes of this Act, any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Yard, Paddock, Lawn, Planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted as an Ornament or Shelter to a House, or planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained, except such as are mentioned in the said Schedules to this Act annexed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to make and erect sufficient Fences on the Sides of the said Roads in all Cases where any new or diverted Line of such Roads,

, • to

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx. 609

to be made under the Authority of the said last recited Act or this Act, shall pass through or over any private Lands or Grounds; and after such Fences shall be first made the same shall be, for ever thereafter, the Property of the Persons or Parties on whose Lands or Grounds the same shall have been made and erected, and shall be supported and maintained by or at the Expence of the Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds whereon such Fences shall have been so made and erected.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Per- Subscribers sons who have subscribed for or agreed to advance any Sum or Sums of to pay their Money, for or towards the making, altering, diverting, or improving of Subscnp-the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall and they are hereby required uon8‘

to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed by them respectively, within such Time and Times, and in such Parts and Proportions as is or are expressed in the Writing or Writings subscribed by them respectively, or as the said Trustees shall order and direct, and the same shall be demanded by and paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall by any Writing authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons having so subscribed or agreed to advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sue for the same, in the Name of any Two of such Trustees, or of their Clerk, and to recover the same, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and all such Monies shall be vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied, as far as may be necessary, for or towards the Purposes specified in the several written Agreements by which the same were respectively subscribed or agreed to be advanced; and if any Surplus of such Monies shall afterwards remain, then such Surplus shall be applied for the general Purposes of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already received by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts, and now in the Treasurer’s Hands, or out of the first Money which shall arise or be received from the Tolls by this Act granted, or otherwise, the said Trustees shall in the first Place pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act, with Interest for the same; and the Remainder of all such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied, in the second Place, in keeping down the Interest of the principal Monies advanced or borrowed on the Credit of the said first Three recited Acts, and which may be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and in paying off such yearly Instalments of a Debt due on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Roads to the Commissioners for the Loan of Exchequer Bills, as the said Commissioners are entitled to receive from the Trustees of the said Roads, until the said Debt is wholly satisfied; and in the next Place in erecting Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and in making the said new Branch of Road, and in amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair all the said Roads, and in otherwise putting this Act into Execution $ and lastly, in repaying the other principal Monies already borrowed by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts, or any of them, or hereafter to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, or the said last recited Act.

fLocal.'] 7 P XXXIV. And

Application of the Tolls and Money to be borrowed.

610

Statute

Labour.

4° GEORGII IV.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work upon, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject or liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer such Proportion of the Composition Money for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him or them at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees), shall for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, /ream or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him or them, be subject and liable to such , Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways $, and if any Person who shall come to work as a

Labourer,

4° GEORGII IV. . 611

Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off or discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads j and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways shall live or reside, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees.

XXXV. And, in order to prevent Accidents from occurring at Night in certain to Travellers and Passengers along the said Roads, be it enacted, That it cases Lamps shall be lawful for the said Trustees, whenever any Alteration or Improve- may besetuP ment of any of the said Roads shall be commenced by Order of the said Accidents' Trustees, in the Progress of which it may be apprehended that Danger

would otherwise arise, to set up and erect Posts along or by the Side of the same Roads, in such Places as they may deem proper, and to affix Lamps thereto, and to cause such Lamps to be lighted at Night, during the Progress of any such Alteration or Improvement as aforesaid, and to order all necessary Expences thereby incurred to be paid out of the Tolls and Revenues of the said Roads.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any thing Pavements in the said last recited Act contained, it shall be lawful for the said Trus- bltbert? tees, and they are hereby empowered, to cause such Part of the paved by ^Tras-Carriageways, Causeways, and Footpaths along the Line and Course of tees, to be the said Roads, as passes through the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme, repaired in to be repaired and maintained, as heretofore, by and out of the Tolls and ^uture* Revenues of the said Roads: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Trustees to lay down, maintain, or repair any Pavement, or any paved or pitched Causeway or Footpath, in,

upon, or on the Side of the said new Line of Road intended to be made through the said Borough, nor to continue, maintain, or repair any Patt of the Carriageways, Causeways, or Footpaths which are intended to be quitted and avoided by means of the said new Line of Road.

•W,iU v- • f j. . ' :n

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or their Contracts Surveyor or Surveyors acting by the Order and under the Authority of may be made

the for altering

612

or repairing the Roads, See.

To compel Payment of Compensation, &c. by Distress on the Goods of the Trustees or their Treasurer.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

the said Trustees, shall and may and they are hereby respectively empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, repairing, altering, widening, improving, and maintaining the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or for erecting Mile or Direction Stones or Posts, or for making o*r repairing Fences, Drains, Watercourses, Bridges, Arches, or Culverts thereon, or for the Purchase of Materials, Tools, or Implements for the Use of the said Roads, or for the Carriage of any Materials, Soil, Earth, or other Matters to or from the said Roads, or for executing or performing any other Works necessary to be done or performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and all Contracts or Agreements in Writing, entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, by their Surveyor or Surveyors, with any Workmen or any other Person or Persons, relating to any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, shall be binding on the said Trustees, and upon all other Parties who shall sign the same, and the Executors and Administrators of such other Parties; and any Action or Suit shall and may be maintained by the said Trustees upon and in virtue of such Contracts or Agreements, and Damages and Costs shall and may be recovered against the Party or Parties making Default in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be requisite for the Purchase, Execution, or Performance of the several Matters or Things which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively ought to have been done or provided by the Party or Parties so making Default as aforesaid, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in every such Action or Suit against such Party or Parties so making Default in fulfilling his or their Contract or Agreement, any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act or of the said last recited Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees or their Treasurer (which such Treasurer is hereby authorized and empowered to pay out of any Monies received or to be received by him as such Treasurer) to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk of the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act and the said last recited Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or

9 Sums

613

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of this Act or the said last recited Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally subject to or charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or other Security to be made to any Person or Persons lending or advancing any Sum or Sums of Money to the said Trustees upon the Credit of the Tolls and Revenues of the said Roads, in pursuance of the Provisions contained either in this Act or the said last recited Act, but all such Sums of Money shall be repaid out of the Tolls by this Act granted.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where by the said last recited Act any Damages or Charges are directed or authorized to be paid or recovered, in addition to any Penalty or Penalties, for any Offence or Offences, the Amount of such Damages or Charges, in case of Dispute respecting the same, shall be settled and determined by the Justice or Justices of the Peace by or before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any such Offence or Offences, and shall and may be levied and recovered, by such and the like Ways and Means as any such Penalty or Penalties may be recovered by virtue of the said last recited Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Trustees not to be personally liable for Mortgages.

Damages, &c. in certain Cases how to be ascertained.

[Public Act.]

Term of the Act.

7 6

The

614 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

The SCHEDULE (A.) referred to by this Act.

Townships. Description of Premises. Owners. Occupiers.

Darlaston - Carthouse, and Parts of Two

Gardens - Swynfen Jervis, Esq. - Thomas Dawson.

r Coal House, and Part of a

Garden - John Smith Robert Whitfield.

Penkhull -J Coal House, and Part of a

Garden - Same - Thomas Bloore.

I Part of a Garden - Same - Richard Lockett.

f House - Amelia Shipley - Joseph Stockton.

The Rising Sun Public House

Newcastle-under 1 and Outbuildings The Marquess of Stafford William Blaney.

Lyme . - -S Part of a Yard - The Earl Ferrers - Joseph Allen.

Part of a Garden - Same - Robert Fenton.

I Part of a Court - Delicia Clownam Delicia Clownam.

The SCHEDULE (B.) referred to by this Act.

Townships. Description of Premises. Owners. Occupiers.

Garden - Samuel Arrowsmith Void.

House, Yard, and Garden Same - Peter Parrott.

House, Court, and Garden - Peter Parrott William Parrott.

Garden - - Same - Void.

House, Yard, Court, Garden,

and Passage - Martha Hopkins - Thomas Key.

Hanford - House, Garden, Privy, and

Pigsty - Richard Cooper - Richard Cooper.

*• House, Garden, Privy, and

Pigsty - The Marquess of Stafford Charlotte Bentley.

House, Court, Privy, and Pig-

sty Robert Williams - John Cooper.

House - Same - Mary Cooper.

Eagle and Child Public House,

Privy, Passage, Yard, and

Pigsties - William Turner, Esq. - Thomas Peake.

House, Yard, Privy, and Pigsty Same - Richard Cartlich.

Pump, Passage, and Privy 'Joseph Griffith - Joseph Griffith.

Passage and Privy Thomas Sparrow, Esq. - William Wilson.

Newcastle-under- Part of a Malt House and Pas-

Lyme - - ■< sage - Same - Void.

Part of a House, Privy, and

Yard - Messrs. Sparrow & Co. - Josiah Pepper.

Yard, Croft, and Fish Pond - Same - Part in Hand, and

Part held by Tho-

mas Eardley.

Garden - The Earl Ferrers - Thomas Blakeman.

Garden - Same - John Wilson.

Two Plantations - Thomas Kinnersly, Esq. Thos. Kinnersly, Esq.

Plantation - Richard Edensor Heath- Richard Edensor

cote. Esq. Heathcote, Esq.

The

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

615

The SCHEDULE (C.) referred to by this Act.

Township. Description of Premises. Owner. Occupier.

Talk-on-the-Hill - Plantation - - James Caldwell, Esq. - James Caldwell, Esq.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 18£3.

11

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Otley to Skiptm in the County of York.

[12th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town 28G.2.C. 60*’ of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Otley, Skipton,

Colne, Burnley, and Blackburne, to Burscough Bridge in Walton, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton, through Gisburn and Clithero, to

Preston, in the said County of Lancaster : And whereas another Act was

passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term, and altering 21G. 3. c. 95.

and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act made in the Twenty-eighth

Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second\ for repairing

and widening certain Roads therein described, as relate to the Roads from

Otley to Skipton, in the County of York; from Skipton to Colne, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton to Clithero, in the said County:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for 42G.3. c»26. continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Twenty-first Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Otley to Skipton, in the County of York > and from [mLocal,'] 7 R Skipton

618

4° GEORGII IV. i.

Skipton aforesaid, to Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for altering the Course or Direction of certain Parts of the said Road from Otley to Skipton aforesaid: And whereas certain Parts of the said Road from Otley to Skipton, ^extending from the Market Cross of Otley to the Market Cross of Skipton, by the said recited Acts intended to be improved, have not yet been completed : And whereas divers Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are still due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Road from Otley to Skipton, which cannot be paid off, nor can, the said Road be completed and maintained in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said several Acts, so far as relates to the said Road are enlarged, some additional Powers granted, and the Tolls increased : And whereas it will tend to the Accommodation of the Public, and the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Parts, if Power was given to make a Diversion of the said Road, commencing at or near a Close of Land called Thackgarth in the Parish of Ilkley in the County oiTork, in the Occupation of Christopher Ellis, and to pass through the said Parish, into and through a Plantation in the Parish of Addingham in the said County, in the Occupation of John Nicholas Coulthurst Esquire: And whereas it would facilitate the Execution of the Purposes of the said several Acts if the same were repealed, and additional Powers granted : And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Recited Acts That from and immediately after the First Day of June One thousand so far as eight hundred and twenty-three, the said several recited Acts passed in Road8from 6 Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second,

Ottley to and the Twenty-first and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His late

Skipton, Majesty Kin£ George the Third, so far as relates to the said Road from

repealed. Otley to Skipton, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and instead

thereof, this Act, and the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be put into Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for repairing, improving, and maintaining in Repair the said Road from Otley to Skipton, both in the County of York.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act) shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

ions to De Hk And be it further enacted, That the Tolls by this Act granted and a Security for made payable shall and are hereby declared to be a Security for all Money the Money, borrowed, upon the Securities of the Trustees, or upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road from Otley to Skipton, by virtue of the said recited Acts, and for all Interest due and to grow d - - : due

Extending the Powers of the Gerie-ralAct.

619

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

due for the same, and shall be subject and liable to the Payment thereof; and that until such Money shall be fully paid off and discharged, the several Assignments: or Mortgages made for the Security thereof, by virtue of the said Ant, shall he deemed and taken to be Assignments or Mortgages of the Tolls, by. this, Act granted, and shall be and continue in full Force.and Effect during the Continuance of this Act, unless the Money thereby secured, and the Interest, shall be sooner paid off and discharged.

IV. And be it fqrther enacted, That all Arrears of Tolls or Rents, or other Monies due to, and Property, Real or Personal, and all Choses in and Rights of Action, either, at Law or in Equity, vested in the Trustees under the said former Acts, for the Road from Otley to Skipton, shall immediately on the Commencement of this Act be vested in the Trustees named in or to be elected and appointed by virtue of this Act, who shall be and are hereby enabled to recover the same, and for that Purpose to cause to be commenced and prosecuted all* Actions and Suits at Law or in Equity, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, and to act in respect thereof as effectually as if the same had been due to or had been vested in them under and by virtue of this Act, or such Arrears of Tolls or Rents, or other Monies so due to the Trustees under the said former Acts as aforesaid, by virtue of any Deed or Specialty, shall or maybe sued for and recovered in the Name of the Trustee or Trustees, to or with whom such Deed or Specialty shall have been so made or entered into, at the Option or Election of the Trustees named or to be appointed by virtue of this Act; and that all the Costs to be incurred by the Trustees, or Persons in who$e Names such Proceedings shall be had, shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the .Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and the Monies, when recovered, shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace

acting for the said County of York, together with the Honourable James Abercrombie, John Atkinson of Lincoln’s Inn, Thomas Atkinson of Lincoln’s Inn Fields, William Atkinson of Kirkby, Richard Ambler, William Nicholson Alcock, Henry Alcock, Richard Alcock, George Addinell, John Armitage, Henry Alcock Bramley, Richard Bramley, Thomas Bramley, John Bramley, William Bags haw Clerk, John Barton Baldwen, William Bus field, Johnson Atkinson Busfield Doctor of Divinity, Currer Busfield, John Birtwhistle, John Bleasard, John Bower, John Blackburn, William Blake, William Brown, John Buck, John Bolling, Thomas Beanlands, William Birkbeck, John Birkbeck, Thomas Bradshaw, George Baron, John Carr, William Carr Clerk, Charles Carr Doctor of Medicine, Richard Carr, William Carr, Charles Carr, Charles Carr Clerk, John Carr junior, Danson Richardson Currer Clerk, John Nicholas Coulthurst, William Coulthurst, Henry Coulthurst, Edward Coulthurst, Nicholas Coulthurst, John Chadwick, Thomas Listei Thompson Cunliffe, Nicholas Cunliffe, Thomas Chamberlain, Abraham Chamberlain, William Chamberlain, John Coates Clerk, Robinson Chippendale, William Chippendale, Thomas Chippendale, TempleEdwardChippendale, John Claphatn Clerk, Thomas Clayton, John Cockshott, Thomas Cockshott, William Cockshott, Robert Gockshott, Henry Cockshott, Edmund Cockshott, John Colton, Robert Dickson, Thomas Davis, Pudsay Dawson, Richard Dawson Clerk, Ambrose Dean, John Dean, George Dixon, John Dyneley, Walter Fawkes, Fawkes, Edward Ferrand, Walker Ferrand, George

Lane

Arrears and Property belonging to former Trustees, vested in the Trustees named in this Act.

Trustees.

620

4° GEORGII IV. i.

Lane Fox, Richard Folds, Jeffrey Folds, James Braithwaite Garforth, Thomas Gartham Clerk, Thomas Gill, John Greenwood, Frederick Greenwood, Edwin Greenwood, William Greenwood, George Oates Greenwood, Peter Hartley, James Hargraves, William Holdsworth Clerk, Sir Henry Carr Ibbetson Baronet, John Abbotson Ingleby, Charles Ingleby, Thomas Johnson, Thomas Johnson junior, Stephen Johnson, Sir John Lister Kaye Baronet, the Honourable Thomas Lister, the Honourable Edward Lascelles, the Honourable Charles Lascelles, Anthony Lister Clerk, JE/Zw Cunliffe Lister, IF alter Levett Clerk, Ebenezer Lister, John Lister, William Middleton, Peter Middleton, Joseph Mason, Thomas Mason, Thomas Metcalf, John Mitchell, Milthorpe, Aaron Manby Clerk, James Moorhouse, John Margerison, Lister Margerison, William Netherwood of Hamblethorpe, Christopher Netherwood, William Netherwood, John Netherwood, Christopher Netherwood junior, John Parker Clerk, Thomas Parker, John Pering Clerk, Cooper Preston Clerk, John Peart, Thomas Parker of Lothersdale, John Parkinson, Thomas Parkinson, Thomas Preston, John Preston, Richard Henry Roundell, Henry Dawson Roundell, Saville Richardson Roundell, Septimus Ward Roundell, John Charles Ramsden, John Rawes Clerk, William Lister Fenton Scott, William Sedgwick, John Sedgwick, John Smith, John Swire, Joseph Smith, Richard Smith, Richard Smith of London, Stephen Tempest, Charles Tempest, Henry Tempest, John Tempest, Walter Tempest, John Tennant, Stansfield Tennant, Robert Thomlinson Clerk, John Tomlin, William Vavasour, Matthew Wilson (of Manor House), Matthew Wilson of Eshton Hall, Matthew Wilson junior, Henry Currer Wilson, Thomas Furness Wilson Clerk, Richard Waddilove, Richard Waddilove junior, Richard Bradley Wainman, William Wainman, William Atkinson IVasney Clerk, Wilkinson Wasney,

Henry Wiglesworth Clerk, James Wiglesworth, Thomas Wiglesworth, Richard Withnell Clerk, Henry Wilkinson, Stephen Wilkinson, Joshua Windle, Jonas Whitaker, John Whitaker, John Torke, Henry Torke, Edmund Torke, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, improving, and maintaining in Repair the said Road, and for putting into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are not expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act.

Appointment

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Trustee*^ Trustees> at their First Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to the First elect any Number of fit and proper Persons, not exceeding Five in the

Meeting. whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the

Trustees hereby appointed $ and such Trustees so elected shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said last recited Act and this Act, as if they had been herein named and appointed.

Oath>

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and prescribed, and unless being so qualified, he shall, before he. shall act as a Trustee, (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned) take and subscribe, before One or more of the said Trustees, (who is and are hereby

621

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

hereby empowered to administer the same), the Oath following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I will truly and impartially, according to the best ‘ A of my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth,

1 intituled An Act [ here set forth the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled ‘ [[here set forth the Title of the General Turnpike Act.]

'So help me GOD.’

And if any Person shall presume to act, except as aforesaid, before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory j but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as] if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet Meetings together at the Devonshire Hotel, or some other convenient Place in and Manner Skipton aforesaid, on the Third Wednesday after the passing of this Act,

and proceed in the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at their first or Appoint-any subsequent Meeting held either by Adjournment or by Notice as afore- "jj?1 f said, shall and may nominate and appoint one or more fit Person or Persons to be a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and also a Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, of the

Tolls on the said Road, with such Salaries as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and shall also appoint such other Officers as they shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of the said last recited Act, and this Act; and shall have Power from Time to Time, to remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion, and to appoint others in their stead, in cases of Death or such Removal.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Treasurer or lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Per- Clerk not to sons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the the same Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the lerson* Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of

any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been {Local.'] 7 5 *>r'

622

Present Officers to continue until others appointed.

Books, Monies, and Effects, under the former Act, to be delivered up to the Trustees.

Books used under former Acts to be Evidence.

For continuing the present Toll Gates, and erecting other Toll Gates.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii.

or may be appointed Treasurer of Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act; and if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer, (other than the Treasurer) appointed under or by virtue of the former Acts hereby repealed, shall respectively continue to exercise their several and respective Offices under this Act, until they shall respectively resign, or be removed or displaced by the Trustees for executing this Act; and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties, and to the like Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if they had been appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have been employed to receive, or who shall have received any Tolls or other Monies under or by virtue or on account of the Acts hereby repealed, or shall have in his or their Custody or Possession any Vouchers, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to the said Road hereby intended to be repaired, or any of them, shall, when required so to do, account for and deliver the same to the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties as are directed with respect to any Officer or Person appointed under this Act, by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to continue all or any of the Gates, Turnpikes, Bars, and Chains now standing in, upon, or across the said Road, or on the Sides thereof; and also to erect, or cause to be erected, any other Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Bar or Bars, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the

io said

623

4° GEORGII IV. Cup.xxxi.

said Road, and also upon the Sides of the* said Road, across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the same, (such Lane or Way not being a Turnpike Road), and also to continue, erect, or provide a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniences at or near each Toll Gate; and also shall and may take in and inclose, from the Sides of the said Road, convenient Garden Spots for the Toll Houses respectively, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre to each Toll House.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates erected by the Authority of the said several Acts hereby repealed, or either of them, or which shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, or across the said Turnpike Road, or on the Side or Sides of any Part thereof respectively, to be removed to, and erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of such other Part or Parts of the said Turnpike Road hereby directed to be maintained and kept in repair, or otherwise to be wholly removed and taken away, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct: Provided that none of the said Toll Gates shall be removed or taken away as aforesaid, unless Notice in Writing of the Intention to remove or take away the same shall have been affixed upon all the Toll Gates then standing upon the said Turnpike Road; nor unless such Notice shall have been advertised in some Newspapers published in the said County of York, Twenty-one Days at least previous to such Order being made.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed on the said Road, to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Out-houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same, and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, or be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground, or old Road not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

Power to remove Toll Gates, &c.

Power to sell the present Toll Houses.

624

Trustees may appoint temporary Collectors.

For recovering Possession of Toll Houses from Collectors, &c.

Power to take Tolls.

Tolls to be taken.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Incapacity, Misbehaviour, or Negligence of any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls hereby granted, the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, though not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, may discharge any such Collector or Receiver; and also shall and may nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall so become incapable, or misbehave or be negligent, or in the Place of any such Collector or Receiver as shall die or abscond; which Person so nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects as the Person he or she shall succeed would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees as aforesaid, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged as aforesaid, or any other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Toll Houses, Toll Gate, Toll Bar, Chain, or Weighing Machine, Buildings, and Premises continued or erected by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Ten Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing, to be given for that Purpose by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which the Toll House, Buildings, and Premises shall be situate, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the same County, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter and take Possession of such House, Buildings, and Premises, Toll Gate, Bar, Chain, or Weighing Machine, in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, or in Possession thereof, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of and from the same, and to put the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or their new appointed Officer, in the Possession thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed or continued, or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take the several Tolls and Duties following, at all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates or Toll Houses, or Side Bars or Side Gates, or Chains, which are or shall be standing and being, or continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say),

For every Horse or Mule drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, if drawn by Six Horses or Mules, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which such Horse or Mule shall pass, the Sum of Seven-pence $ at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Three-pence; and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Seven-pence:

For every Horse or Mule drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, if drawn

by

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

by Five Horses or Mules, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which such Horse or Mule shall pass, the Sum of Sixpence; at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Three-pence; and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or Mule drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, if drawn by Four Horses or Mules, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which such Horse or Mule shall pass, the Sum of Sixpence; at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Four-pence; and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or Mule drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, if drawn by Three Horses or Mules, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which such Horse or Mule shall pass, the Sum of Sixpence; at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Three-pence Halfpenny; and at the Third Toil Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or Mule drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, if drawn by Two Horses or Mules, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which such Horse or Mule shall pass, the Sum of Eight-pence; at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Four-pence; and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Eight-pence: For every Horse or Mule drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, if drawn by One Horse or Mule, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which such Horse or Mule shall pass, the Sum of Eight-pence; at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny; and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, if drawn by Seven or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which such Horse or Beast shall pass, the Sum of Sixpence; at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Three-pence; and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, if drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which such Horse or Beast shall pass, the Sum of Seven-pence; at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Three-pence; and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Seven-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, if drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which such Horse or Beast shall pass, the Sum of Sixpence; at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Three-pence Halfpenny; and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, if drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which such [Local."] 7 T Horse

626

Power to take Tolls at Cross Bars, not to authorize an increased Charge, &c.

4" GEORGII IV. xxxi.

Horse or Beast shall pass, the Sum of Sixpence; at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Two-pence; and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Sixpence;

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, if drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which such Horse or Beast shall pass, the Sum of Sixpence; at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Three-pence; and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Sixpence;

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, if drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which such Horse or Beast shall pass, the Sum of Sixpence; at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Two-pence; and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, if drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which such Horse or Beast shall pass, the Sum of Five-pence; at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny; and at the Thud Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which any such Horse, Mule, or Ass shall pass, the Sum of Two-pence; at the Second Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of One Penny; and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which the same shall or may pass, the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence per Score; and at the Third Turnpike or Toll Gate the further Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs at the First Toll Gate or Turnpike which the same shall or may pass, the Sum of One Shilling and One Penny per Score; and at the Third Toll Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of One Shilling and One Penny per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, Ass, Beast, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or Side Bar or Side Gate, or Chain, already erected or continued, or to be erected and continued by virtue of this Act, upon or across the said Road, or any Part thereof, or upon or across any Lane or Way leading into the same; and which said respective Tolls or Duties shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, in Manner herein-after directed.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Power or Authority hereby granted for taking Toll at any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, erected or to be erected on the Side or Sides of the said Road, or across any Lane or Way leading out of the same, shall not extend to authorize a Double Charge, or any greater Duty or Charge than ought to be taken according to the true Meaning of this Act.

5

4° GEORGII IV. i. 627

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no more than Three Limiting

Tolls in the whole shall be payable for or in respect of the same Horses, JjJ^bfQrrot Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages, for passing in One Day, to be computed as passing aforesaid, through all the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected on through all the said Road. 5*atef on the

lioad.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Per- Carriages sons who shall have paid the Toll hereby granted, at any Turnpike or Toll ^lthaG"^j Gate on the said Road, for any Horse, Mule, Ass, or Beast drawing any only1once. Cart or other such Carriage, employed in carrying any Corn, Grist, or

Flour to or from any Mill, situate in any Township through which the said Road passes, shall be liable to the Payment of any further Toll at the same Turnpike or Gate, for such Horse, Mule, Ass, Beast, Cart, or Carriage going again unladen for, or going again laden solely with the same Corn, Grist, or Flour, either on the same or any future Day; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always? and be it further enacted, That the said Tolls Stage hereby made payable, shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other p°a£chaise Beasts drawing any licensed Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, to pay Caravan, or other Stage Carriage, carrying Passengers or Goods for Pay- every Time lUent, Hire, or Reward, for every Time of passing or repassing on the of passing, same Day, the Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in the Morning till Twelve of the Clock at Night; and the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Road on the same Day,

(the Day to be computed as aforesaid) with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll shall be Exemptions demanded or taken by virtue of this Act for any Horse, Beast, or other for ag^cul-Cattie or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty ^rLae ro" to fetch, parry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Dupg, Soil, Compost, or Manure, except Lime for improving Lands, or any ploughs. Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, (unless laden also with some other Thing not exempted from Toll by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty), or any Hay,

Straw? Fodder for Cattle, or Corn in the Straw, which has grown or arisen on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, Potatoes, or other agricultural Produce, and which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor is going to be sold or disposed of j or for any Horses or other Beasts employed in Husbandry, going to or returning from Plough or Harrow, or to or from Pasture or Watering Place, such Horses or other Beasts not going or returning on those Occasions more than Two Miles on the said Road; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemption, not being legally entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Proof of Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming the same.

628

Application of the Tolls, and Money to be borrowed.

No Priority of Mortgages;

Paying Creditors by Lot.

Trustees not personally liable for Mortgages.

4° GEORGII IV. i.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already received by virtue of the said recited Acts, and now in the Treasurer’s Hands, or out of the First Money which shall arise or be received from the Tolls, Mortgages, or otherwise by this Act granted, the said Trustees shall, in the first Place, pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act, with Interest for the same; and the Remainder of all suchJMonies shall from Time to Time be applied, in the first Place, in erecting and repairing Mile Stones, Posts, Turnpikes, Gates, and Toll Houses on the said Road, and afterwards in paying and keeping down the Interest of the principal Monies borrowed or due under the former Acts, and which by virtue of and under the Powers of this Act may be borrowed on the Credit thereof; and then in making, repairing, widening, varying, altering, turning, improving, and rendering commodious the said Road, and in otherwise putting this Act into Execution; and lastly, in repaying the principal Monies already borrowed by virtue of the said Acts, or to be borrowed by virtue of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons who hath or have heretofore advanced any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts, or who shall hereafter advance any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, or to his or their Assignee or Assigns, in respect to the Priority of the Mortgage or Assignment, or of advancing such Sum or Sums of Money; but that as well all Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall hereafter be made or given, his, her, or their Assignee or Assigns, as all Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment hath heretofore been made or given, shall (in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned) be Creditors under this Act, and in equal Degree one with another.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall at any Time be desirous of paying off any Portion of the principal Monies due and owing on the said Road, it shall and may be lawful for them at any Meeting (Notice of such intended Meeting, and of the Purpose thereof, being first given at least Twenty-eight Days preceding the same, by Advertisement in some Newspaper, published in the West Riding of the County of York), if they shall think fit, instead of paying the same rateably amongst all the Creditors, to determine by Lot, to which of such Creditors the Whole or any Portion thereof shall be so paid, and to pay the same to such Creditor or Creditors only, or to any of the Creditors, with the Consent of all the other Creditors.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally subject to or liable to be charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage or other Security to be made as aforesaid: Provided always, that in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be defrayed out of the Tolls arising on the Turnpike Road hereby directed to be amended and repaired.

4° GEORGII IV. i.629

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Power to to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to make a alce Diver" Diversion or Alteration of the said Road, commencing at or near a Close

of Land called Tbackgarth, in the Parish of Ilkley in the County of York, in the Occupation of Christopher Ellis, and to pass through the said Parish into and through a Plantation in the Parish of Addingham in the said County, in the Occupation of John Nicholas Coulthurst Esquire.

XXIX. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the said intended Deviation to Deviation, and the Lands through which the same is to be carried, be together with a Book of Reference, containing Lists of the Names of the mg ° Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, has been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding, to the end that all Persons concerned may, at all seasonable Times have Liberty to peruse and inspect the same, and take Copies of or Extracts therefrom at their Will and Pleasure, paying to the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies of or Extracts from the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference; and the said Trustees in making the said Deviation shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards, of Three Feet each, from either Side of all or any Part or Parts of the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviations shall be made.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Turnpike Road into, through, across, or over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Lands or Grounds over which the same is or are set out or described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be erroneously described or omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake, or was not wilful; and such Certificate shall be deposited with and remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Autho- Trustees re-

rities by the said herein-before recited Act or this Act given, shall not in strained from any Case be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said (*°wn

Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or Houses^ith-any Part thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Pro- out Consent prietor thereof first had and obtained. of the Owner.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed Trustees, &c. incompetent to give Evidence, or be disqualified from giving Testimony may be Wit-or Evidence in any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other legal Proceedings nesses*

to be brought or had in any Court of Law or Equity, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, under or by virtue of this Act, by reason of being a Trustee of the said Road, or a Mortgagee or Creditor of the [Local,"} yU ' Tolls

Trustees not to deviate more than One hundred Yards.

Lands marked in the Plan may be used notwithstanding Errors in the Hook of Reference.

630

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

Tolls thereof, or a Farmer, Lessee, or Collector of such Tolls, or a Treasurer, or Clerk, or Surveyor, or other Officer under this Act, nor shall such Testimony or Evidence, for any of the Reasons aforesaid, be rejected or liable to be questioned or set aside.

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trustees, or their Treasurer.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand, to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the said Treasurer shall and may retain, out of any Monies which may come into his Hands in pursuance of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he shall be put unto by virtue of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

Regulations as to Performance of Statute Work.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road or any Part thereof, and the Inhabitants of all such Parishes, Townships, or Places, as have at any Time or Times done Statute Work upon or contributed towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, 1 ownships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways, and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon, the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times, (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and on such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending, shall for every such

632

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of York, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and shall continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

fONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap• xxxii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Ninth and Nineteenth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for building and completing a Bridge at Worcester over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in Ninth Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for 9 g. 3. c. 84. building a Bridge at Worcester over the River Severn, and opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge: And whereas another Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the igG 3 c Ninth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge at Worcester over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge, to finish and complete the said Bridge, and to carry the Bur-poses of the said Act into Execution; the Trustees for carrying the said recited Act into Execution were authorized and empowered to build or cause to be built the said new Bridge, and to open, widen, form, and render more commodious the Streets, Ways, and Passages leading thereto, or to make any other Avenues to the said new Bridge; and it was therefore enacted, that for and towards the raising Money more than what was already subscribed, or should be subscribed or contributed for the several Purposes of that Act, it should be lawful for the said Trustees to \Local.~] 7 X order

634

4" GEORGII IV. xxxii.

order and appoint certain Toll Gates and Toll Houses to be erected, at which Gates there should be due and paid to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as therein mentioned, as a Toll or Tolls, the several Sums of Money therein particularly specified $ and after reciting that it would be necessary to borrow Monies upon the Credit of the said Act, for more speedily and effectually carrying into Execution the several Purposes thereof, it was thereby also enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, in manner therein mentioned, to assign over or mortgage the respective Tolls thereby granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, for securing the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money so by them to be borrowed, with such Interest for the same as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them should from Time to Time think proper to allow of, or could agree for, or otherwise as they should think fit, for selling and securing Annuities for Lives or otherwise, to be paid out of the said Tolls, in lieu of any Sum or Sums of Money so to be by them borrowed or raised for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid; and further, that as soon as the several Purposes of the said Act should be carried into Execution, and the Principal Money with its Interest, and the Annuities borrowed and secured upon the Credit thereof, should be repaid and satisfied, then and from thenceforth all the Tolls thereby imposed should absolutely cease and determine: And whereas by the said second-recited Act, further Powers were granted to the said Trustees for finishing and completing the said Bridge, and carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution; and after reciting that the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said first-recited Act were found insufficient to defray the Expence of (Completing the said Bridge, and opening proper Avenues thereto, and of executing the several other Works directed to be done by the said Act, and that it was necessary to increase the said Tolls j it was therefore enacted, that instead of the; several Tolls granted by the said first-recited Act, the several Tolls therein-after specified should be demanded and taken, and be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies then due and owing, or which should or might thereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts* and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same respectively: And whereas the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, in pursuance of the Powers thereby granted to them, did borrow from Time to Time divers Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Acts respectively, an,d assigned over and mortgaged the respective Tolls thereby granted, for securing the Repayment of the Monies so borrowed, with Interest for the same, and also for securing certain Annuities to be paid out of the said Tolls respectively, in lieu of divers other of the said Sums so borrowed as aforesaid •> which Sums of Money, and the Interest thereof, with certain Annuities, have since been repaid, but several other Annuities still remain due and unsatisfied : And whereas the said Trustees have completed the said Bridge and the necessary Passages and Avenues thereto, and have duly fulfilled and executed, agreeably to the Powers vested in them, the other Purposes of the said Acts, except the Payment of the said Annuities so remaining unsatisfied as aforesaid; and also except the making of such Repairs as may from Time to Time become necessary to the Avenues and Passages of the said Bridge, and the Wings thereof, until the Tolls shall cease and determine; which said Annuities amount together to the annual 3um of Ninety-two Pounds, and to the Payment of which said Annuities and

635

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

and Repairs the Tolls granted by the said recited Act of the Nineteenth Year of His late Majesty are now subject and liable: And whereas,if further Powers were granted as herein-after mentioned, and other Provisions made for the Payment of the said Annuities and Repairs, the present Tolls might immediately be reduced, and in a few Years be wholly discontinued, to the great Relief and Benefit of the Public, and all Persons passing and repassing over the said Bridge : But as the before-mentioned Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Com-, sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all His Trust ees Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being acting for the County of Worcester shall be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or either of them, (being qualified according to the Directions of the first-recited Act), for carrying this and the said recited Acts into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Thirtieth Present Tolls Day of September next after the passing of this Act, the several Tolls reducedTdls granted by the said recited Acts shall cease and be no longer paid, and granted. that instead thereof, the following reduced Tolls shall be demanded and

taken by the Collector or Collectors to be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, before any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate or Gates; that is to say.

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast drawing any Coach, Berlin*

Chariot, Chair, Chaise, Calash, Hearse, Litter, Caravan, or other Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Cart, Wain, or other Wheel Carriage, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast drawing any Sledge, Trolley, ot Dray, with or without Wheels, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Burden, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Score of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence, and so in proportion for any less Number:

For every Score of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence, and so in proportion for any less Number:

Which said respective Sums before mentioned shall be demanded and taken as a Toll or Tolls, and shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Toll Tolls to be or Tolls hereby granted shall be demanded or taken of any Person or taken onty Persons more than once in the same Day, in respect of the same Carriages, once a Horses, or other Cattle, (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the

Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night), such Person or Persons producing a Ticket denoting the previous Payment of the said Toll or Tolls, which Ticket the Collector or Collectors of the Tolls for the Time being is and are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of any such Toll or Tolls, if required so to do; and also that

where

Stage Coaches to pay each Time of passing*

Table of Tolls to be put up.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

where any Horses travelling for Hire under the Post Horse Duties Act shall have passed over the said Bridge drawing any Carriage, in respect of which any of the said Tolls shall have been paid, the said Horses returning over the said Bridge without such Carriage, and the said Carriage in case me said Horses shall return drawing such Carriage, the same being empty, and not being engaged or employed upon any fresh Hiring, shall be permitted to repass Toll-free, although such Horses and Carriage shall not have passed over the said Bridge on the same Day; provided that such Horses and Carriage, or Horses without such Carriage, shall return before Nine of the Clock of the Morning succeeding the Day on which the said Toll was paid in respect of such Carriage, and a Ticket shall be produced, denoting the previous Payment of the Toll in respect of such Carriage.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, shall be again chargeable with Toll for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat, and that the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing over the said Bridge on the same Day, with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

V. And be it further enacted, That a Table of the Tolls payable under this Act shall be affixed on the Toll House erected or to be erected upon the said Bridge.

To enforce,

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Collector

TollTCnt of or Collectors t^le said Tolls, or any of them, to stop and prevent the Passage of any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Tolls or any of- them, or of the Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage, or other Thing for or in respect whereof the said Tolls ought to be paid, or it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors to seize and detain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, or such Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage, or other Thing, together with their respective Bridles, Saddles, Gears, or Harness, (except the Bridle or Reins attached to any Horse or Beast), and in case the said Tolls shall not be fully paid and satisfied, together with all reasonable Costs and Charges of making, detaining, and keeping such Distress, within the Space of Four Days, the said Collector or Collectors shall and may sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any), on Demand, after deducting such Costs and Charges of making, detaining, keeping, and selling such Distress, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

For pre-

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Collector, being

venting Toll Lessee of the said Tolls, or appointed either by the said Trustees or by frorn taking anY suc^ Lessee or Lessees to collect the Tolls by this Act granted, shall any undue and he- is hereby required -%tQ. place his Christian and .Surname, painted on Tolls.; a Board in legible Chara.cters, in the Front or some; other dQlnsP^ctl0us P^rt of the Toll House or Toll Gate immediately on his coming on Duty, each

of

4° GEORG.II IV. Cap. xxxii. 637

of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shalLbe upon such Duty; and every such Collector shall place or cause to be placed on the Front of the Toll House or Toll Houses at which such Collector shall be stationed the Board herein directed to be provided by the Trustees, and also the List of the Tolls payable at the Gate where such Collector shall be Stationed as aforesaid; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, or of the Orders and Resolutions of the Trustees made in pursuance thereof, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Board, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same on having paid the said Tolls or any of them, or shall in answer to such Demand give a false Name or Names, or upon the legal Toll being paid or tendered, shall unnecessarily detain or wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Passenger or Passengers from passing through any Toll Gate, or shall make use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Trustee, Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer, or any Passenger or Passengers, then and in every such Case every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Disputes Disputes shall happen respecting the demanding or taking the Payment of Toll, or

about the Amount of Toll due, or the Charges of keeping or selling any settled

Distress, such Dispute or Disputes shall be heard and determined by any by a Justice#

Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place in which the Cause of

Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose,

shall examine the Matter upon Oath of the Parties or other Witness or

Witnesses, (which Oath every such Justice is hereby authorized and

empowered to administer), and shall determine the Amount of the Toll

due, and other Matters in Dispute between the Parties, and may also

award such Costs to be paid by either Party to the other as to such Justice

shall seem just and reasonable, all which Costs, in case the same shdl not

be forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and

Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so awarded of

directed to pay the same by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such

Justice, (which Warrant every such Justice is hereby empowered to issue),

and the Overplus (if any) after Payment of such Costs, and the Costs of such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Person

or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and

sold.

• : : . i . • T " ‘ ' ' ’ *'•* ’ \ /:r s ft

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Toll Bar; Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls] the Keepers not

[Local,'] 7 r Person to be deem-

ed incompetent Witnesses.

Present

Exemptions

repealed.

Royal Family exempted.

General Exemption from Tolls.

4° GEORGII IV.

.xxxii.

Person -or Persons appointed to collect the same, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by Reason of his, her, or their being so appointed, or interested under such Appointment, or being paid to collect the Tolls, or acting or being paid to act under the Authority of the said Trustees.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Exemptions from the Payment of Tolls, allowed by the said recited Act of the Nineteenth Year of His said late Majesty, shall, from and after the Thirtieth Day of September next after the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby repealed.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with Toll any Horse or Carriage attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding any Mails of Letters and Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmasters General, either when employed in conveying such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the same; or for any Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriages attending them with their Arms and Baggage, or returning after having been so employed; or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Iforse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; or for any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, which shall be laden only with Muck, Soil, Ashes, or other Manure for Land, or which shall be returning empty after having been so laden; or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their proper Parochial Church or Chapel; or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their usual licensed Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on Sundays, or any Day on which Divine Service is by Authority ordered to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or any Prisoner sent by any legal Warrant, or returning after having been so employed; or for any Volunteers upon their March, or upon Duty, or in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, or for any Jiorse furnished by or for or belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him or them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Person or Persons be dressed in the Uniforms of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or other Carriage, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Worcester, on the Day pjr Days of such Election, or on the Day before or the Pay after •such

° 5 .... Election

4g i GEORGII IV. Cap. xtfxii. 689

Election ghall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and > i u take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted from the Whole or any Part of the several Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, not being entitled to the same, such Person or Persons for every such . Offence shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be " recovered and applied.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Additional and for the Collector or Collectors of the Tolls hereby granted during the overweight. Continuance of the said Tolls, and afterwards for the Surveyor of the said Bridge, or any Person for that Purpose to be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered and required to ‘receive, take, and demand, over and above the Tolls payable by this Act, the following Sums of Money as additional Tolls for every Hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred which any Waggon, Cart, Or other such Carriage, together with the Loading thereof shall weigh at any Weighing Machine or Engine, (which Machine or Engine the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any of their respective Meetings, may cause to be built and erected at or near the said Bridge), over and above the Weights to them respectively allowed by an Act passed In the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the General Laws now in being for 3g.4,c. 12C. regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; v < ■? (that is to say),

For the First and Second Hundred of such Overweight, the Sum of Threepence for each Hundred:

For every Hundred of such Overweight above Two hundred and not exceeding Five hundred, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Hundred of such Overweight above Five hundred and not exceeding Ten hundred, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

And for every Hundred of such Overweight exceeding Ten hundred, the Sum of Five Shillings.

Which Said additional Sums or Tolls hereby granted and made payable at such Weighing Machine or Engine shall and may be levied and recovered in such Manner as any other of the said Tolls or Duties are hereby authorized to be levied and recovered,and the Monies arising therefrom,

’shall be applied to the Repairs of the said Bridge and the Avenues and . .i Passages leading thereto in such Manner as the said Trustees or any . • - Seven or more of them may from Time to Time direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving Owners or or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Drivers of provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Waggons ^Ordnance, Barrack, Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to of His Ma_ any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, jesty’s Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be stopped or detained by Reason of Forces not any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of ^B ’jj" being drawn by any Number of Horses of Oxen; but it shall be lawful laities for" for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Overweight. Carriage to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain,

, Cart,

640

Penalty on

Evading

Tolls.

Power to lessen the Tolls.

For removing and preventing Annoyances.

4* GEORGII IV. Ca/j.xxxii.

Cart, or other Carriage, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to or receive from any other Person or Persons, (except a Collector of the Tolls), any Note or Ticket of the Day by this Act directed to be given by the Collectors or Receivers of the said Tolls, or any Note or Writing purporting to be such, for the Purpose of evading the said Tolls or any of them, or shall forcibly or fraudulently pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horse, Carriage, Cattle, or Beast, without Payment of Toll, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse, Beast, or Cattle from any Carriage, or after having passed through any Turnpike or Gate, shall put on an additional Horse or Beast to any such Carriage, or shall leave or cause to be left upon the Road near to the said Bridge any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, or shall unload or cause to be unladen any Goods, Merchandize, or other Things from or out of any Carriage, with Intent to evade Payment of any of the said Tolls, all and every such Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, over and besides such Damages or Punishment as he, she, or they shall be otherwise liable to by Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to lessen or reduce all of any of the Tolls by this Act granted, and for such Time or Times as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and from Time to Time afterwards to advance any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced to any Amount not exceeding the respective Tolls granted by this Act: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to lessen or reduce the said Tolls, or any of them, without the Consent of Five-sixths in Value of the Creditors on the said Tolls respectively, and no Toll shall be lessened, reduced, or advanced, unless at a Meeting of the said Trustees, of which Fourteen Days Notice shall be given/in the same Manner as is by the said recited Act directed, relative to Notices of other Meetings of the said Trustees.

XVII. And be it further enacted, Thar it shall be lawful for the Surveyor of the said Bridge and such Person as he or they shall appoint to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of such Bridge and Wings, or the Avenues and Passages thereof, or adjoining thereto, by placing or laying, or causing or permitting to be placed or laid, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or any Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever; and to dispose of the same for the Benefit of such Bridge, Wings, Avenues, and Passages, and in case the Owner thereof shall neglect to remove the same within Twelve Hours after Notice in Writing, signed by any of the Trustees or their Surveyor, given to such Owner for that Purpose, or in case the Owner is not known, then after a like Notice affixed for Three Days on the Turnpike Gate or Toll House, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of the said Bridge, Wings, Avenues, and Passages, or any Part thereof, to the Prejudice of the same, and to open, scour, and

cleanse

4° GEORGII IV.

cleanse any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining thereto, and make the sable as deep and large as he shall think proper and necessary, in case the Owners or Occupiers of the adjoining Lands shall neglect to open or cleanse such;Watercourses or Ditches, after Six Days Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, and the Charges thereof, and of removing any '•

Annoyances, to be settled by any Two or more justices of the Peace of the said City oiWorcester, shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor by such Owners or Occupiers, and the same shall be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Kind, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

■ XVIII.v And whereas out of the Monies raised under and by virtue of T<djs to be the said recited Acts the Sum of One thousand Pounds Three per Centum payment Consolidated Annuities has been purchased by and on account of the said of Annuities Trustees for the Purposes of the said Acts, and a further Sum of Six and other hundred and seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Five-pence or thereabouts Expences. in Money is now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the like Purposes; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them to apply as well the said Consolidated Annuities and Sum of Six hundred and seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Five-pence in Money as the said *

respective Tolls hereby granted, and all Dividends and Interests to arise , '

and grow due on the said Consolidated Annuities and Sum of Money, or any other Monies to be hereafter invested or placed out at Interest, and all Penalties payable to the said Trustees, and all Monies whatsoever to be raised by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or so much thereof as-shall be requisite, to the Payment in the first Place of all Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and then to the Annual Payment of the said Annuities for Lives hereinbefore mentioned as the same or any Part thereof Shall become due, and to the Payment of all Expences to be incurred from Time to Time, until the said Tolls hereby granted shall cease and determine, in and about the Repairs of the said Bridge and Wings, and to the Payment of all Expences to be incurred from Time to Time in and about the Repairs of the Avenues and Passages thereof, and also of all Expences to be incurred in and about -watst uA the further Execution of any of the Directions, Purposes, or Objects of ;!;£ '■’ the said recited Acts and this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities thereby respectively granted: Provided always, that until the said Annuities for Lives herein-beforC mentioned shall be redeemed, or the Lives bp Which the Same are granted have expired, or such Provision made for them as is herein-after: contained, the said respective Tolls hereby granted, and every Part thereof, shall be subject and liable to' the Payment of the said Annuities respectively, inas large and ample a Manner to all Intents‘ abH Purposes as the Tolls respectively granted by the said recited Act of the Nineteenth Ye^r of His Said late Majesty were subject and' liable to the Payment of before the passing of this Act, any thing in this Act contained i to the; contrary thereof notwithstanding;"^ X; . ' ' ■’'^y^uo) • udT

: ' ' . ! 1 ’ to ,\;i Directing

2 VXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Overplus’ shall remain -of how °Yer". die said Consolidated Annuities or Money so remaining in the Hands' of be dU-[Local.J 7 Z the p0Sed of.

After such Payments, &c. Overplus to be invested in the Public Funds.

Purchase Monies and Compensation to Corporate Bodies to be laid out to the sanje Uses.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

the Treasurer as aforesaid, or of the Tolls hereby granted* or of the said Dividends and Interest, or other Monies payable to the said Trustees, or to be raised by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, after; Payment of the said Annuities, and the said several Charges and Expences before specified, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, as such Overplus shall be and remain, to apply the same, or, so much thereof as shall be necessary, to the Redemption of all or any, of the said Annuities for Lives from the said respective Annuitants, or such of them as shall be able and willing to contract for the same, for such Sum or Sums of Money, and on such Terms respectively as to the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall seem meet; and if any such Redemption cannot be effected, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required to apply the said Overplus or so much thereof as should be necessary to the Purchase of One or more other Annuity or Annuities for the Life or Lives respectively and of equal Amount with the Annuity or Annuifies respectively of the Annuitant or Annuitants who shall be unable or unwilling to contract for such Redemption as aforesaid; such Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased being secured on Real Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple, or on Government or other good and sufficient Security, and to be conveyed and assured respectively by good and sufficient Deeds and Assurances in the Law to the Annuitant or Annuitants respectively entitled to the same, and which said Annuity or Annuities, so to be purchased and conveyed, shall immediately from and after such Conveyance be deemed and taken to be a full and absolute Satisfaction and Discharge of such Annuity or Annuities in the Room of which the same shall be respectively conveyed.

XX. Provided always,.and be it further enacted, That until such Redemption and Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid can be effected, the said Overplus shall from Time to Time be invested by the said Trustees in the Public Funds, or placed out at Interest on other good and sufficient Security, and the Dividends and Interest thereof, as the same shall arise and grow due, shall be added to the other Monies to be received under and by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, and, applied to the Purposes by this Act directed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Sum. and Sums of Money which are to be paid to any Bodies Politic* Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees acting as Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or on Behalf of any Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Cestuique Trusts, or to any Person or Persons whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, for me Purchase of or the Damages to be done or occasioned to any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue or in consequence off the Powers in the said recited Acts or this Act contained, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, etc parte the Trustees under this Act, to the Intent that such

Money

4° GE ORGII IV. Cap. xxxii. 643

Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge cr Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting any Lands, Tene-' ments, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such Uses, Trusts, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, and used as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetei mined and capable of taking Effect, and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds. per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividend and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by the Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

XX1L Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- where Pur-ments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts ^°g" or this Act, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons th*n 200Z. under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, or on account of any Damage and above to be done or occasioned to any such Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-menrs as herein-before mentioned, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, used, or injured, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, Trustee or Trustees, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons acting as such as aforesaid, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court o£

Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option toTwo^Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the Trustees under this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified undef the Hands . of

644

Application when Money is less than 201.

Directing how Monies 4o be paid in case of Failure of Title, &c.

Where any Question shall arise as to the Title

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in the Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as last above-mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of such Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled tp the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, ;in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting tas such, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the said Trustees shall direct the same to be paid shall be sufficient Discharges for the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court on the Application of any Person or Persons makiqg claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is or are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay such Sum or Sums of Money into the B»ank of England as aforesaid.,

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the

8 Privity,

4 GEORGII IV. Cap-xxxih 645

Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in to Money, pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any w^0 s£aii be Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in Posses-

therein, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, sion of the or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Lands, &c. Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, ^titled 6m6 or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so thereto, paid, at the Time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully, entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, or that such Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason ^chancer of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation may ^rder^ entitled to such or to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be reasonable purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Expences Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court ^lrc^es of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tene- j, the Trus-ments, or Hereditaments, or to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance tees, of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of ail Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

.,v ’1 J'‘‘ lli'> \ : \:J■ &>.r

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Trustees

Seven or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, shall and may printSflH appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Surveyor or cers. Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, and Receiver or Receivers of the Tolls hereby granted, and such other Officers as they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and shall and may from Time to Time remove any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors,

Receiver or Receivers, and other Officers, as they shall see occasion, and appoint new ones in case of Death, Resignation, or Removal; and shall and may, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, make such Allowances to the Treasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and other Officers, and to such other Persons as shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and every Officer shall as often as required by the said Trustees, render and give to them, or to such Person as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under his Hand, with proper Vouchers, of all Monies which he shall to such Time have received, paid, or dis-5 [Local.'] 8 A •; bursed

64ft 4° GEORGII IV. C^xxxii.

bursed by virtue of this Act, or by reason of his Office; and in case any Money so received shall remain in his Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Trustees, or to such Person as they shall by any Writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same, to be laid oat in the Execution of this Act, and not otherwise; and in case any such Officer shall not give in and make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall for the Space of Twenty-one Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, refuse or neglect to render and give up to the said Trustees, 6r to such Person as they shall direct, all Books and other Things in their Hands, Custody, or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, that then any Justice of the Peace for the County where such Officer shall dwell, shall and may make Enquiry concerning such Default in a summary Way, as well by the Confession of the Party as by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward); and if such Officer shall be convicted of any such Offence, such Justice shall upon such Conviction commit the Party to the Common Gaol of the County or City where such Officer, shall reside, there to re* main without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have made a perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees, and have paid such Composition Money, (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to make and receive), and shall also have rendered and given up all such Books and other Things as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees; but no Person so committed for want of sufficient Distress shall be confined or detained in Prison by virtue of this Act, for any longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months: Provided always, that no Person shall be appointed or capable of holding any or either of the said Offices, or any Place of Profit under this Act, who shall sell any Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail.

Security to XX

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and be taken they are hereby required to take such Security from the Treasurer or from the Treasurers, or other Officers to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act,

and^thei for due Execution of their respective Offices, as they shall think Officers. proper.

Proceedings to be entered in a Book.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, with fair and regular Entries to be made therein, of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman who shall have been then present, or by any Seven or more of the Trustees present at such Meeting, shall be deemed Originals; which Book or Books, and also any Book or Books to be kept for registering Grants, Conveyances, Mortgages, and Assignments or Transfers thereof, shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cases, Suits, Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, touching or concerning any thing done in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act; and such Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of all and every the said Trustees herein-before mentioned,

and made payabl

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii. 647

that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may take Copies thereof, without paying any thing for the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they Accounts to are hereby required from Time to Time to order and direct a Book or be kept of Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in jgjJ. which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true bursements, and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, which shall and expended for or on account of the said Bridge and Avenues to he be °Pen to erected and made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Trustees Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid 5 which Book or and Credi-Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said tors* Trustees, or any Creditor on the Tolls hereby granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit or shall not permit the said Trustees or Creditors, or any or either of them, to inspect the same, or take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in manner herein-after mentioned.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Clerk not to lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed act as Tra" to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any vkJeversa. such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit-in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Trustees Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall die, or neglect or refuse to per- may remove form, or become incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or Collectors, absent himself, it shall be lawful for any Seven or more of the said Trus- *nd appoint tees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees to be ap« oJSs.01^ pointed by "virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting or refusing to perform or become incapable of performing his

Duty, or absconding or absenting himself, and to nominate and appoint acme other Person or Persons to be a Collector or Receiver of the said

Tolls

648

Justices empowered to grant Warrants, and Constable to enter and remove such Collectors, &c.

How Trustees may be sued.

Property of Turnpikes, kc. vested in Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cfep.xxxii.

Tolls until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver who shall so die or be discharged; and such Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the like Manner in all Respects as the Collector or Receiver who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family,* or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person or Persons who may have the Posses-, sion of any Toll House or Building or any Appurtenances thereto, to be> erected, set up, or used by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up the Possession thereof for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Demand thereof made by Notice in Writing, signed by any Seven or more of the said Trustees although not assembled at a Meeting, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for that Purpose, given to such Collector or Receiver, or other Person or Persons, or left at any such Toll House, Building, or Premises, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of Worcester, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the said City, with such Assistance as may be necessary, to enter such Toll House or other Buildings or Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the same, and put the said Trustees or such new appointed Collector or Receiver as aforesaid into the Possession; thereof.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of any One of the said Trustees, or of their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit which may be brought by or against the said Trustees or any of them iii relation to this Act, in the Name of any One of the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Trustee, Treasurer, or Clerk, or by the Act of such Trustee, Treasurer, or Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, but One of the said Trustees, or the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being, shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defends ants, in every such Action or Suit, as the Case may be: Provided always, that all and every sil.ch Trustee, Treasurer, or Clerk shall be reimbursed, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and reasonable Expences as he or they shall be put unto or become charged or, chargeable with by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Defendant, or Plaintiffs or Defendants as aforesaid; and no such Trustee, Treasurer, or Clerk shall be personally accountable or liable to the Payment of the same, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his or their own wilful Neglect or Default, or have been brought or commenced without the Order or Direction of the said Trustees.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property^ of all the Tolls hereby: granted, and the Toll Houses, Toll Gates, Bars, loll Boards, Weighing Machines, Posts, Rails, Fences, Buildings, and Pre-

: mises

649

4° GEORGII IV. xxxii.

mises already erected or provided by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or hereafter to be erected or provided by virtue of this Act, and the Materials of which the same do or shall consist, or shall be provided for repairing the said Bridge, Wings, and Avenues, and other Requisites already or hereafter to be provided for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they or any Seven or more of them are hereby empowered to dispose thereof in such Manner as they shall think proper, and to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer and prosecute, or order the preferring and prosecuting of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, break down, injure, or spoil the same, or any Part thereof, or disturb the said Trustees, their Agents or Servants, in the Possession thereof; and in all such Actions and Proceedings whatever, whether Civil or Criminal, it shall be sufficient to state generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or in respect of which such Actions and Proceedings shall be brought and preferred, is or are the Property of " The Trustees for building and completing a Bridge at Wor-" center over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues " theretoand that in all Civil and Criminal Proceedings whatsoever relating to the said Bridge, and in all Disputes, Suits, or Litigations touching or in anywise relating to the Tolls hereby granted, no Person or Persons shall be incompetent to give Testimony or Evidence therein, by reason only of being a Trustee or Trustees, or Collectors of the Tolls,

Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, or other Officers or Servants of, or other Persons employed by or under the said Trustees.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Trustees to Seven or more of them shall and they are hereby required from Time to Sur

Time to apply such further Overplus as may remain of the said Consoli- plus in the" dated Annuities, or Money so remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer as Funds to ac-aforesaid, or of the Tolls hereby granted, or of the said Dividends and cumulate, till Interest or other Monies payable to the said Trustees, or to be raised J^num^ro by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, afterpayment or Redemp- ducedT pr° tion of the said Annuities, or the Lives on which the same were granted have expired, and the said several Charges before specified, in the Investment of such further Overplus in the Three per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, or in such other Funds or Government Securities as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall think proper, in the Names of Four of the said Trustees, to be chosen and appointed as occasion may require, in order to accumulate until by the Dividends thereof and such Investments as aforesaid, such Capital Stock a Sterling Sum shall be raised, as will produce a clear annual Income of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds per Annum; and when and so soon as such clear annual Sum shall be so raised and provided as aforesaid, the Capital or Stock shall thereupon be transferred by the Parties in whose Names the same shall then stand, to and in the Names of the High Sheriff of the County of Worcester, the Lord Lieutenant of the said County, the Lord Bishop of the Diocese of Worcester, and the Dean of Worcester for the Time being, in Trust and to the Intent that the Dividends, Interest, and Produce thereof (after the Deductions by this Act authorized), shall from Time to Time for ever thereafter go and be applied in and towards the necessary Repairs of the said Bridge and Wings, and of the Avenues and Passages thereof, and to such Improvements of the same respectively, as the said [.LocaQ 8 B Trustees

650

Directing when the Tolls shall cease.

Empowering Justices to direct when Tolls shall cease.

Books of Accounts to be kept and produced annually to the Country Justices.

4° GEORGII IV. Cflp.xxxii.

Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall from Time to Time think proper to order and direct; and that such clear annual Income of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds, when raised, shall be in lieu of all Pontage or other Bridge Tolls belonging to the Corporation of the City of Worcester, or other Parties by whom the Repairs of the said Bridge shall or ought from Time to Time be made, maintained, and kept in Repair.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Annuities for Lives so remaining due as aforesaid shall be redeemed or otherwise discharged, or the Lives on which the same were granted shall have expired, and after all other Payments authorized by the said recited Acts and this Act shall have been made, and the said annual Sum of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds shall have been raised and provided, and the Capital or Stock transferred and invested as aforesaid, the said Tolls hereby granted shall cease and be no longer payable: Provided always, that the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall and they are hereby required to fix and declare the Day and Hour when the said Tolls shall so cease and determine, by an Order under their Hands to be affixed on the Toll Houses of the said Bridge, and published in one or both of the Worcester Newspapers.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when it shall appear to the Justices that the Annuities for Lives now remaining due as herein-before mentioned, shall be redeemed or otherwise discharged, or the Lives on which the same are granted have expired, and that all other Payments authorized by the said recited Acts and this Act have been made, and the said annual Sum of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds shall have been raised, and the Capital or Stock transferred and invested as aforesaid, and that the said Trustees have neglected to discontinue the said Tolls, it shall be lawful for the said Justices to order and direct that the said Tolls hereby granted shall cease and be no longer payable, and from and after such Order and Direction made, such Tolls shall cease and be no longer payable.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall from Time to Time be provided and kept by the said Treasurer or Treasurers One or more Book or Books, in which all Monies to be received by virtue of this Act shall from Time to Time be fairly set down and entered, expressing the Time when, and the Name of the Person or Persons from whom the same were so received; and that there shall also be provided and kept by the said Trustees one other Book or Books, in which all Sum and Sums of Money disbursed and laid out by them or by their Order for the Maintenance of the said Bridge and Wings, and the Avenues and Passages thereof, together with a Statement of the particular Repairs and Works done, and for which such Sums shall have been paid, and also a Statement of the Sums accumulated by Investments from Time to Time in the Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities, shall be duly set down and entered; and that every Year at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace held after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, at Worcester, for the County of Worcesteri the said Book or Books to be kept by the said lrustees, and the said Book or Books to be kept by the said Treasurer, or Treasurers, shall be produced and shewn to the Justices at such Sessions, together

a with

4° GEORGII IV. xxxii. 651

with proper Vouchers for such Expences and Disbursements, which said Justices shall settle, audit, and balance the Accounts from the said Books; and if the said Trustees, or the said Treasurer or Treasurers, shall neglect or refuse to make and render such Accounts as aforesaid, then the said Trustees, or Treasurer or Treasurers, so offending, shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after Toll Houses, the said Tolls hereby granted shall cease and determine, the Toll Houses &c. vested in of and belonging to the said Bridge, with the Gardens, Land, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and the Fee Simple thereof, shall be cester. and are hereby vested in the Corporation of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Worcester, and their Successors for ever, and the Rents and Profits thereof shall be by them applied in and towards the Repairs of the said Bridge, any Statute of Mortmain, or other Law, Custom,

•or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And whereas the Street called Bridge Street is a principal Entrance Q1>oun(j into the City, the Carriageway whereof, Forty Feet wide and One Rents to be hundred and five Yards long, hath hitherto been repaired by the said applied in Trustees; and it is expedient that some certain Provision should he made for the future Reparations thereof: And whereas Five several Ground Rents of Five Pounds each, reserved to the Trustees from Houses built on Surplus Land sold by them (from which the said Street was formed), would be a suitable Fund for such future Repairs; be it therefore enacted.

That from and immediately after the said Tolls by this Act granted shall cease, the aforesaid Five several Ground Rents of Five Pounds each, amounting in the Aggregate to Twenty-five Pounds per Annum, shall be vested in and transferred to the said Corporation of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Worcester, and their Successors for ever, and shall be by them received and applied from Time to Time in the necessary Repairs of the Carriageway of the said Street called Bridge Street, in the Width of Forty Feet, and to the Extent of One hundred and five Yards from the Eastern End of the said Bridge, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens are hereby authorized and required so to apply the same.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That previous to Afier the Time when the said Tolls shall so cease and determine, it shall and folk eease> may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, Materials, to sell or contract for the Sale, by public Auction or otherwise, of the &c. shall be Toll Gates, Fences, and Materials then remaining vested in the said soW* Trustees, such Sale or Sales respectively to take Effect from and after the Time that the said Tolls shall cease and determine as aforesaid; and the Monies to be produced by such Sale or Sales respectively, to be added to the other Monies to be received under and by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, and applied to the Purposes herein directed,

652

A certain annual Payment by the Corporation of Worcester to be continued.

Preserving the Rights of the Lord Rishop of Worcester, and Corporation of Worcester.

Provisions of former Acts extended to this Act.

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials,

&c. the same to be levied on the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

XLII. And whereas under the Provisions of the said first recited Ac?» the Corporation of the City of Worcester have contributed the annual Sum of Ten Pounds in aid of the Money raised for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, and are willing to continue such Payment for and during such Time only as the Tolls hereby granted shall continue to be paid; be it therefore enacted, That the Corporation of the said City of Worcester shall and they are hereby authorized and required, during such Time as the Tolls hereby granted shall continue to be collected and received forihe Purposes of this Act, and no longer, to pay or cause to be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Trustees, the clear Sum of Ten Pounds, within One Month next after the Twenty.fourth Day of June in every Year during the Time aforesaid, the first Payment thereof to be made within One Month next after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, which said annual Sum of Ten Pounds so to be paid as aforesaid, shall be applied and disposed of in aid of the Tolls by this Act granted, for the several Purposes thereof, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XLIII. And it is further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or lessen the Rights or Privileges of the Lord Bishop of Worcester for the Time being, or any of his Servants or Tenants (otherwise than by the subjecting them to the Payment of the Tolls by this Act imposed), or tend or be construed to defeat or abridge the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Worcester (being the Corporation of the said City), of any Tolls, Customs, or Duties which they are entitled unto by Charter, Prescription, or otherwise.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Privileges, Restrictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Remedies, Matters, and Things whatsoever contained in the said recited Acts or either of them (save and except such Parts thereof as are varied, altered, or repealed), shall extend and be construed to extend, operate, and remain in force, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act,

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and ' - ;Seals,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii. 653

Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the

Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as

or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs,

Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such £ase such Overplus shall be returned, on Demand, to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of this Act, all such

Sums, Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall pay or be put unto

by virtue of any such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and

Fines by the said recited Acts or this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying, recovering, and applying whereof is not herein otherwise directed), shall, upon Proof of the Offence respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed (as the Case may require), either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is in every Case hereby fully authorized to administer), be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justices (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant); and the Overplus (if any) after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his or their Appearance before such Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Five Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon jf Penalties, the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress &c.cannot be can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the levied, the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders te(j for any to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the Time not ex-County, City, Liberty, or Place where the Offender shall be or reside, ceeding Six there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Months<

Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by the said recited Acts or this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

[Local.8 C-D

654

For securing

transient

Offenders.

Form of Conviction of Offenders.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

4° GEORGII IV. xxxii.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Trustees, or their Collectors, Lessees, or Farmers of the Tolls, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such Person or Persons as they or any of them shall call to their Assistance (and which all Bye-standers and other Persons on Demand are hereby required to give), without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize or detain any Person or Persons being unknown to such Trustees, Collectors, Lessees, Farmers, Surveyors, or other Officers, who shall commit any Offence or Offences against the said recited Acts or this Act, and take him, her, or them before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, or such Offender or Offenders shall be seized and apprehended, and such Justice and Justices shall and is and are hereby required to proceed and act with respect to such Offender or Offenders according to the Provision of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form or to the like Effect; (that is to say),

e City of Worcester, 1 T> E it remembered, That on the Day of

to wit. j in t’ne Year of the Reign

‘ of His present Majesty, is convicted before me, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of Worcester, by virtue ‘ of an Act of Parliament made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His •* Majesty King George the Fourth [here set forth the Title of the Act, and c specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was ‘ committed, as the Case may be~], Given under my Hand and Seal the ? Day and Year aforesaid.’

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act (except in such Cases where the final Determination is directed, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been hereby appointed), such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said City of Worcester, within Four Calendar Months after such Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, the Person appealing first giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk, or Collector of the Tolls hereby granted, and within Ten Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said City, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal and to abide the Order of and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General Quarter Sessions j and the said Justices at the said Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Causes and Matters of every such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of the said Justices in their said Quarter Sessions shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

ix L. Provided

4° GEORGII IV. xxxii. 655

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Proceedings Judgment, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any Matter u°!^ejefor aforesaid, or touching the Conviction of any Offender against the said of °r recited Acts or this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form Form, only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case; provided that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, if sufficient Tender of Amends has been made to him, her, or them, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants* before such Action brought.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and sued in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer,

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the Treble Costs, same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

LII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the First Day of October next after the passing thereof.

Commencement of the Act.

[Public Act.]

LIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged deemed, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

4Hjt

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to enable the Stockton and Darlington Ttmi-way Company to vary and alter the Line of their Railway, and also the Line or Lines of some of the Branches therefrom, and to make an additional Branch therefrom, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the Act passed for making and maintaining the said Railway.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and main- 2G.4. c. 44. taining a Railway or Tramroad from the River Tees at Stockton to Witton Park Colliery, with several Branches therefrom, all in the County of Durham, which Railway or Tramroad, and the several Branches therefrom, were by the said Act authorized and directed to be made in the Line or Direction, or several Lines or Directions, described and set forth in a certain Map or Plan and Book of Reference, deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Durham, as in the said Act is mentioned; and by the said Act several Persons are united and made One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name and Style of " The " Stockton and Darlington Railway Company," for making such Railway,

662 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxiii.

and the several Branches therefrom, and the several other Works necessary for carrying the said Act into Execution : And whereas it has been found and ascertained, in the Course of the Operations now in progress under the Powers of the said recited Act, that the Line of the said Railway or Tramroad, and of some of the Branches therefrom thereby authorized to be made, may be materially improved by making the Deviations and Alterations herein-after described or referred to: And whereas by Levels and Surveys lately made and taken it appears that a Branch Railway or Tramroad may be made, as herein-after described, to join or communicate with the said Railway or Tramroad at or near a certain House called Hill House, belonging to John Allan Esquire, and situate in Darlington Bondgate in the said County of Durham, and now in the Occupation of Anthony Simpson, and extending from thence to or near the East End of Croft Bridge, in the Parish of Hurworth in the said County of Durham, which will be of considerable public Utility: And whereas it is found to be expedient that several of the Powers and Provisions contained in the said recited Act should be respectively altered, amended, enlarged, and repealed, in the Manner herein-after mentioned : And whereas the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be accomplished without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Power to the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company Line o* Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make

Railway. such several Deviations in the main Line of the said Railway or Tram-road, and in the Line or Lines of some of the Branches therefrom, authorized to be constructed as in the said recited A.ct mentioned, as are herein-after expressed and specified; (that is to say), one of the said Deviations in the said main Line of the said Railway or Tramroad to be made from or near a certain Place called Cottage Row, situate in the Township of Stockton aforesaid, to join of communicate with the Line of the said Railway or Tramroad, as authorized to be made by the said recited Act, at or near the Western Extremity of the Boundary Fence, between the Lands and Grounds belonging to the Lord Bishop of Durham, situate in the Township of Stockton aforesaid, and now in the Occupation of Martha How son, and the Lands and Grounds belonging to and in the Occupation of Master John Jackson, and situate in the same Township; another of the said Deviations in the said main Line to be made from or near a certain Close or Field called Willow Close, Part of a Farm called Oak Tree House, situate in the Township of Middleton Saint George in tjje said County of Durham, and belonging to Elisha Cocks Esquire, and the Trustees under the Will of Elizabeth Pemberton, deceased, and now in the Occupation of John Oliver, to join or communicate with the Line of the said Railway or Tramroad, as authorized to be made by the said1 recited Act, at or near a Close or Field (Part of a Farm called Whessoe) situate in the Townships of Whessoe and Haughton in the said County of Durham, belonging to and in the Occupation of the said John Jackson; another of the said Deviations in the said main Line to be made from or near a certain Close or Field, Part of a Farm called Mires Flatt, belongs ing to Dorothy Dunn, Ann Chris hop, and Christopher Terry, hnd situate in the said Township of Whessoe, and now in the Occupation of Robert

Pallister,

4 GEORGII IV. xxxiit.

Pallister, to join or communicate with the Line of the said Railway of Tramroad, as authorized to be made by the said recited Act, at or near a certain Close or Field called Wide Bottoms (Part of a Farm called Brussel ton), situate in the Township of Saint Helens Auckland in the said County of Durham, and belonging to Sir Philip Musgrave Baronet, and ftOW in the Occupation of Thomas Waldenanother of the said Deviations in the Said main Line to be made from or near a certain Close or Field called Garth Ends, Part of a Farm situate in the Township of West Auckland in the said County of Durhdm, and belonging to Sir Robert Johns cm Eden Baronet, and now in the Occupation of Henry Thompson, to join1 or communicate with the Line of the said Railway or Tramroad, as authorized to be made by the said recited Act, at or near a certain Close or Field situate in the Township of Escomb in the said County of Durham', belonging to Joseph Stabler, and now in the Occupation of William Proud; the said Deviation in the Line of the Branch from thfe said Railway, which is intended to terminate at or near Coundon Turnpike Gate# to be made from or near a certain Close or Field called The Fishpond Field, belonging to the Reverend Henry Hildyard, situate in the Township of East Thickley in the said County of Durham, to or near the West End of the Village of: doundon in the said County of Durham; the said Deviation in the Link; of the Branch of the said Railway, which is intended to terminate at or near Northgate Bridge, in or nezrDarlington in the said County of Durham, tb be made from a certain Close or Field belonging to George Allan Esquire, and now in the Occupation of Thomas Middleton, and situate in Darlington Bondgate in the said County of Durham, to or near to certain Streets in Darlington aforesaid, called Union Street and Bondgate.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Power to for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and ^fditional empowered, by themselves^ their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, Branch, and Servants, in addition to the said main Railway or Tramroad, and the several Branches therefrom, by the said recited Act and by this Act respectively authorized to be made as aforesaid, to make, complete, and maintain an entirely new Branch Railway or Tramroad, commencing from the Line of the said main Railway or Tramroad at or near a certain.

House called Hill House, belonging to John Allan Esquire, and now in the Occupation of Anthony Simpson, and situate in Darlington Bondgate aforesaid, and terminating at or near the East End of Croft Bridge aforesaid; and also to make, erect, execute, do and perform all such Works,

Matters, and Things, as shall be requisite and convenient for making,

Completing, and maintaining the said last-mentioned Branch Railway or Tramroad, in mariner directed and subject to the Provisions and Directioris contained in and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

III. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Line of the said Plan and several Deviations or Alterations, and also the Line of the said new or Book of Re-additional Branch Railway or Tramroad, terminating at or near Croft

Bridge aforesaid, and the Lands in and through which the same Variations the'cierk of and new or additional Branch respectively are to be made and carried, the Peace, to together with a Book of Reference thereto, containing Lists of the remain there. Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of such Lands,

hath

664

Line not to deviate more than ioo Yards.

Land Owners omitted in the Book of Reference not to obstruct the making of the Deviations from the old Line, or of the new Branch.

Houses and Gardens not to be injured, except such as mentioned in the Schedule.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxiii.

hath been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Durham; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End and Intent that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom at their Will and Pleasure, paying to the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies of or Extracts from the said Book of Reference.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, in making the said Deviations from or Alterations in the main Line of the said Railway or Tramroad and Branches therefrom, and in making the said new or additional Branch Railway or Tramroad by this Act respectively authorized to be made, shall not deviate more than One hundred' Yards from the Course or Direction delineated in the said last-mentioned Map or Plan, nor so as to extend into the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons not mentioned in the said last-mentioned Book of Reference.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors may make the said Deviations from or Alterations in the said main Line of the said Railway or Tramroad and the Branches therefrom, and may make the said new or additional Branch Railway or Tramroad, and other Works, into, through, across, or over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Name or Names shall appear to the Satisfaction of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Durham, and to be by them certified under their Hands to be by Mistake omitted in the said Book of Reference, or that instead thereof the Name or Names of some other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom such last-mentioned Lands or Grounds do not belong, hath or have been by Mistake inserted therein, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage, for the making or maintaining of the said Deviations or Alterations in the said main Line of the said Railway or Tramroad, and in the Line or Lines of the said Branches therefrom, or for making and maintaining the said new or additional Branch Railway or Tramroad, and other Buildings and Works hereby authorized to be made, or any of them, or for any other of the Purposes of this Act, any House or other Building which was erected and built on or before the Fourth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, or any Land or Ground which on or before the said Fourth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three was set apart and used as or for any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners and Occupiers

thereof

665

4° GEORGII IV. Ciajo.xxxiii.

thereof and Persons interested therein respectively (other than and except those specified in the Schedule annexed to this Act).

VII. And whereas it will be expedient and necessary for the said Com- Power for the pany of Proprietors to erect Steam Engines or other proper Machines in certain Places upon or near to the said Railways or Tramroads by the Engines?and said recited Act and this Act directed or authorized to be made, for the to purchase Purpose of facilitating the Transport, Conveyance, and Carriage of Goods, Land, not; Merchandize, and other Articles and Thirfgs upon and along the same; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the in^jJe whole said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and em- for that Pur-powered, from and after the passing of this Act, by themselves or by pose* their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, or Servants, to make, erect; and set up one permanent or fixed Steam Engine or other proper Machine,;

in such convenient Situation at or near each of the inclined Planes, which shall be made by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper, and to take and purchase from any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Corporation Aggregate or Sole, who Shall be willing to sell the same, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which may be necessary or convenient for that Purpose, so as the entire Quantity of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be taken and appropriated for the Purpose aforesaid do not exceed in the whole Two Acres for any one Engine; and also, with the Consent of the Owner or Owners of the Lands in or through which the same shall be made, to make such and so many Wells, Watercourses, Drains, and other Works for supplying the said Steam Engines and other Machines with Water, as shall be deemed requisite or convenient, and for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, to purchase, take, and use the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Collegiate, who shall be willing to sell the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons and authorized or permitted by them, from and after the passing of this Act, motive°or to make and erect such and so many loco-motive or moveable Engines as moveable the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time think proper Engines on and expedient, and to use and employ the same in or upon the said Rail- the Railway-ways or Tramroads, or any of them, by the said recited Act and this Act directed or authorized to be made, for the Purpose of facilitating the Transport, Conveyance, and Carriage of Goods, Merchandize, and other Articles and Things upon and along the same Roads, and for the Conveyance of Passengers upon and along the same Roads.

v IX. And whereas it is in and by the said recited Act enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors shall have, full Liberty and Power to purchase any Parcel of Land, not exceeding Five Acres in the whole, for the Purpose of making a Wharf or Wharfs : And whereas it may tend to the public Advantage and Accommodation if the said Company of Proprietors be empowered to purchase a greater Quantity of Land than Five Acres, and also to purchase any Messuages or other Buildings for the Purpose of making and erecting a Wharf or Wharfs; and also for the [Local3 F Purpose

Repealing the Part of the recited Act which relates to the Quantity of Land to be purchased for Wharfs.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxiii.

Purpose of making, erecting, forming, and providing any Coal Yards, Staiths, Messuages, Warehouses, and other Buildings and Conveniences, for the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as empowered the said Company of Proprietors to purchase any Parcel or Parcels of Land, not exceeding in the whole Five Acres, for the Purpose of making a Wharf or Wharfs, be and is hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the the Company said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and em-Twenty aSC ' Powerech to contract with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Cor-Acres of porate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, for the Purchase

I and of any Parcel or Parcels of Land, Messuages, Buildings, or Hereditaments (not exceeding in the whole Twenty Statute Acres), in such Place or Places as shall be deemed eligible or convenient, for the Purpose of making and erecting a Wharf or Wharfs; and also for the Purpose of making, erecting, forming, and providing any Coal Yards, Staiths, Messuages, Warehouses, and other Buildings and Conveniences, for the Purpose of receiving, lodging, depositing, or keeping any Goods, Merchandize, or other Things carried or conveyed, or intended to be carried or conveyed upon the said Railways or Tramroads, or any of them; or for making any convenient Roads, Avenues, or Ways leading thereto, or for any other Purposes whatsoever connected with the said Railways or Tramroads, or any of them, which the said Company of Proprietors shall judge requisite and necessary; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, and all other Persons whomsoever, to sell and grant or convey to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, an^ Parcel or Parcels of Land, Messuages, Buildings, and Hereditaments whatsoever, for the Purposes last aforesaid, or any of them, in the same Manner as Parties are authorized and empowered to convey Lands under and by virtue of the said recited Act, and that without enquiring or ascertaining, or being bound to enquire or ascertain, that the Lands and Hereditaments so sold, granted, or conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, for the Purposes last aforesaid, or any of them, will not, together with any other Lands and Hereditaments previously purchased by the said Company of Proprietors for the same Purposes, or any of them, amount to or make up a greater Quantity of Land than Twenty Acres in the whole.

666

Empowering

Company to sell Lands not required for the Purposes of the Act, and to purchase and sell again within the J imit or Quantity prescribed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time and at any Time or Times hereafter, to sell and dispose of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, which they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase, and shall have actually purchased-for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act, or any of them, or so much and such Part or Parts of the same Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper, and either together or in Parcels, by public Auction or private Contract, as shall be thought adviseable or expedient, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and again from Time to Time to contract

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxiii.

tract for the Purchase of any other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, an Hereditaments more eligible or convenient for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, and afterwards to sell and dispose of the same as aforesaid, so that the total Quantity or Number of Acres to be purchased by the said Company of Proprietors for any of the Purposes herein-before mentioned shall not exceed at any one Time the Quantity or Number of Acres by this Act or the said recited Act specified or allowed for the same respective Purposes.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold; which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof as shall be sold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts respectively shall be expressed to be received, and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, before they shall sell and dispose of any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs, Sequels in Right, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, from whom they shall have purchased such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and such Person or Persons, in case he, she, or they shall be desirous of repurchasing the same, shall signify such his, her, or their Desire and Intention in that Behalf to the said Company of Proprietors, through their Chief Clerk or Chief Clerks, within Fifteen Days after such Offer of Re-sale shall have been made; and in case such Person or Persons shall refuse or decline to avail himself, herself, or themselves of such Offer, or shall neglect or omit to signify his, her, or their Desire and Intention to repurchase such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for the Space of Fifteen Days, then and in every such Case an Affidavit, made and sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Durham, by some Person or Persons not interested in the same Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, stating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors; and a further Affidavit, made and sworn in like Manner by the Chief Clerk or Chief Clerks of the said Company, that such Offer was refused or declined, or was not accepted and agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom the same was made, within the said Space of Fifteen Days from the Day or Time of making the same, shall in all Courts whatever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was refused or declined, or was not accepted and agreed to within the Time aforesaid, by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made, as the Case may be; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or repurchasing

the

Treasurers, upon Payment of Money, to give Receipts.

Lands intended to be resold, to be first offered to former Owners.

668

Mode or Proceeding where Persons having preferable Right to pu chase are absent.

Restraining the Company from purchasing more than Twenty Acres of Land from incapacitated Persons, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cdp.xxxiii.

the same, and he, she, or they* and the said Company of Proprietors, Shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the-Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in the Manner directed in and by the said recited Act with respect to the disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Company of Proprietors in pursuance thereof, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as in and by the same Act is directed with respect to Purchases made by the said Company of Proprietors, mutatis mutandis, and the Money produced by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Company of Proprietors of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Noiiapplication of such Money, or bound or liable in any Case whatever to inquire or ascertain whether the said Company of Proprietors have or have not purchased a greater Quantity of Land in the whole for any of the Purposes herein-before mentioned than is in and by this Act respectively specified or allowed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, by reason of Absence or otherwise, the Person or Persons from whom the Lands or Buildings to be resold shall have been purchased, or who would have been then entitled thereto as aforesaid, cannot be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, by public Advertisement inserted Three successive Weeks in some Newspaper published within the County in which such Lands or Buildings shall be situated, or in case there shall be no such Paper then in The London Gazette, to offer to re-sell such Lands or Buildings to the said Person or Persons; and if no Application shall be made to the said Company of Proprietors, signed by or on behalf of the said Person or Persons, accepting such Offer, within Two Calendar Months from the Date of the said Advertisement, such Omission or Neglect shall be considered, deemed, and taken as a Refusal on the Part of such Person or Persons to repurchase the same.

XV. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors are enabled to purchase Twenty Statute Acres of Land by virtue of this Act for the Purposes thereof and of the said recited Act, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Persons whomsoever, are empowered to sell such Quantity or Number of Acres to the said Company: And whereas it is expedient to restrain the said Company from selling any such Lands so purchased from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in trust for charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, and again purchasing other Lands from the same, or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, or Feoffees, in trust for charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxiii. 669

mittees, or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots,

Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, in lieu or stead of the Lands so sold; be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to purchase from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole,

Trustees or Feoffees in trust for charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert,

Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, more than such Twenty Statute Acres; and in case the said Company shall afterwards sell tfe Whole or any Part of such Twenty Statute Acres so purchased, it shall not be lawful for the said Company to purchase of, or for the same or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in trust for charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, to sell to the said Company any other Lands in lieu or instead of those Twenty Statute Acres, or any Part thereof, so sold or disposed of by the said Company.

XVI. And whereas in and by the said recited Act, a taking Notice that the probable Expence of making the or Tramroads, and other Works thereby authorized to be wu*v* ce h

amount to the Sum of Eighty-two thousand Pounds, and that the Sum Estimate of of Sixty-six thousand Pounds, being more than Four-fifth Parts thereof. Expence of had been then subscribed by several Persons under a Contract, binding apd Subscrip-themselves, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the iJJoformalf Payment of the several Sums by them subscribed respectively, it was ing the Rail-further enacted, that the whole of the said Sum of Eighty-two thousand way.

Pounds should be subscribed in like Manner before any of the Powers given by the same Act should be put in force: And whereas the probable Expence of making the said Railways or Tramroads, with the Deviations or Alterations, and the said new or additional Branch authorized to be made by this Act, will amount to the Sum of Seventy-four thousand three hundred Pounds, and no more, and the whole of the said Sum of Seventy-four thousand three hundred Pounds hath been already subscribed by several Persons under the Contract herein-before referred to; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Provision in the said recited Act contained, restraining or prohibiting the putting in force the Powers thereby given, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that the said Sum of Seventy-four thousand and three hundred Pounds, so subscribed as herein-before mentioned, shall be applied in making and maintaining as well such Part of the said Railways or Tramroads, and Branch Railways or Tramroads (including the Branch Railway to Even-[Local.'] 8 G wood

ter stating or Recital of Said Railways former Act

marlp. Tx/nnlrt as far as con-

4° GEORGII IV. C«/?. xxxiii.

ipood Lane) respectively authorized to be made by the said recited Acr, as are not relinquished or intended so to be, as the said Deviations or Alterations, and the said new or additional Branch Railway or Tramroad,

tively sub'cribed, or such Parts or Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee. under and by virtue of the Powers and Directions contained in the said recited Act, at such Times and Places, and to such Person and Persons, as the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee shall direct, and in such Manner as in the same Act is mentioned; and that in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the same at the Time and in the Manner so required or directed, the said Company of Proprietors shall have all such Remedies and Powers for the recovering and obtaining Payment thereof as are given and provided in that Behalf by th^ said recited Act.

authorized to be made, it may be difficult to ascertain to whom the Divi-

may belong, be it therefore enacted, That before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part of the Profits of the said Railways or Tram-roads in right of Marriage shall be entitled to receive the same, or to vote in respect of any Shares, an Affidavit, cr in case of a Person being of the Society called Quakers a solemn Affirmation, in Writing, containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage, or other Particulars of the Celebration thereof, shall be made and sworn to, or solemnly affirmed, by some credible Person, before a Master or a Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be transmitted to the Chief Clerk or Chief Clerks of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall file the same, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the said Clerk or Clerks for the Entry of Transfers or Sales of Shares of the said Railways or Tramroads; and that before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part of the Profits of the said Railways or Tramroads by virtue of any Bequest or Will, or of any Administration, shall be entitled to receive the same, or to vote in respect of any Shares, the said Will, or the Probate thereof, or the Letters of Administration, shall be produced and shewn to the said Clerk or Clerks, or a Copy of so much of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Testator, or a Copy of such Letters of Administration, in case of Intestacy, shall be made and sworn, or solemnly affirmed to, by the Executor or Executors of the said Will, or the Administrator or Administrators of the Intestate, before a Master or a Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and shall also be transmitted to the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall file and enter the same as herein-before mentioned; and that in all Cases other than herein-before

and other Works by this Act authorized to be made; and that the several Persons who have signed and executed the said Contract shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respec-

Regulation

XVII. And whereas by the Marriage or Death of Proprietors of Shares as to Acqui- in the said Railways or Tramroads, by the said recited Act and this Act

mentioned, when the Right and Property of any Share or Shares in the said Railways or Tramroads shall pass from the Proprietor or Proprietors

thereof

4

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxiii. 671

thereof to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal Means than by a Transfer and Conveyance thereof as herein directed, an Affidavit, or solemn Affirmation in Writing, shall be made and sworn, or solemnly affirmed to, by one or more credible Person or Persons before a Master or a Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons; and such Affidavit or solemn Affirmation shall be transmitted to the Chief Clerk or Chief Clerks of the said Company, who shall thereupon enter and register the Name or Names of every such new Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or List of Proprietors of the said Railways or Tramroads.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Money Receipt of shall be payable under the Provisions of the said recited Act. and of this Act, or either of them, to any Proprietor in the said Undertaking, 0fMinor who shall be a Minor under the Age of Twenty-one Years, the Subscribers Receipt of the Parent or Guardian for the Time being of such Minor to be a suf-shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Company and their Treasurer h5ient Dis"

r , ° y J charge.

for the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company of In case Proprietors shall raise any Part of the additional Sum of Twenty thou- Mortgages sand Pounds in and by the said recited Act authorized and empowered Power* to be raised and borrowed upon Mortgage or Promissory Notes in the to raise the Manner therein mentioned, or by either of those Modes, and shall after- Amount wards be required or be desirous to pay off or shall pay off all or any aKam*

Part of the principal Sum or Sums secured or intended to be secured by such Mortgages or Promissory Notes, or any or either of them, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, again to raise, by both or either of the same Ways or Means, in lieu of the principal Money or principal Monies so paid or to be paid off by them, so much and such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall from Time to Time have paid off, or be required or desirous to pay off, to the Holders of the said Mortgages or Promissory Notes, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; but all Interest upon the said Mortgages and Notes shall from Time to Time be paid and discharged by the said Company of Proprietors, by, with, and out of the Receipts, Tolls, Duties, and Profits arising or to arise from the said Railways or Tramroads, so as that the said Company of Proprietors shall not in any Event borrow upon Mortgage or Promissory Note more than the principal Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds in the whole.

XX. And whereas it is in and by the said recited Act enacted, that General One General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors shall be holden ^eetlnga-on the First Friday in the Month of June in every Year, and in regard that it will be more convenient to the said Company of Proprietors that their General Annual Meeting shall be holden on the Second Tuesday in the Month of July in every Year, be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as directs the General Annual Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors to be holden on the First Friday in the Month

of

Rate of Tonnage on passing Inclined Planes.

Power to take Tolls for Coaches and other Carriages going along the Railway.

Chief Clerk or Chief Clerks of the Company may grant Releases to Witnesses.

4° GEORGII IV. xxxiii.

of June in every Year shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and that the General Annual Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors in the said recited Act directed to be held shall be holden on the Second Tuesday in the Month of July in every Year.

XXI. And whereas by the said recited Act the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, to ask, demand, sue for, recover, and receive for the Tonnage of all Articles, Matters, and Things for which a Tonnage Duty is therein directed to be paid, which should pass the Inclined Planes upon the said Railways or Tramroads, such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors should appoint, not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling per Ton : And whereas at the Time of the passing of the said recited Act it was understood and considered that one Inclined Plane only would be necessary upon the said Railways or Tramroads thereby authorized to be made; but inasmuch as by reason of the Deviations and Alterations hereby authorized to be made, and by which it appears the Length of the said Railways or Tramroads will be shortened Three Miles, or thereabouts, a greater Number of Inclined Planes will be requisite; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to ask, demand, take, recover, and receive, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors, for all Articles, Matters, and Things which shall pass one or more of the Inclined Plane or Inclined Planes upon the said Railways or Tramroads, such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall appoint, not exceeding the like Rate or Sum of One Shilling per Ton, for and in respect of each of the said Inclined Planes, over and above and in addition to the Rates, Tolls, and Duties by the said recited Act and this Act imposed or authorized to be taken and received for Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Things which shall be carried or conveyed upon the said Railways or Tramroads, or any Part thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to ask, demand, take, recover, and receive, or cause to be asked, demanded, taken, recovered, and received, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors, for every Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Car, Gig, Landau, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, which shall be drawn or used on the said Railways or Tramroads, or any of them, for the Conveyance of Passengers or small Packages or Parcels, such Sum for each and every Mile as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper, not exceeding Sixpence.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Suits at Law or in Equity, and in all Proceedings under the said recited Act or this Act, or otherwise, for any Claim or Compensation against or for or on behalf of the said Company, and also in all Prosecutions commenced and instituted by or on behalf of the said Company, and in all Arbitrations, References, or other Proceedings in or consequent upon or arising out of any such Actions and Suits or Proceedings, it shall be lawful for the

Chief

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxiii. 673

Chief Clerk or Chief Clerks for the Time being of the said Company, in his or their own Name or Names, for and on behalf of the said Company, to make, sign, seal, execute, and deliver all and every such general or other Release or Releases as may be or may be deemed to be necessary for the Purpose of exonerating, releasing, and discharging all and every or any Person or Persons who shall or may be produced as a Witness or Witnesses in any such Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Arbitrations, References, or other Proceedings as aforesaid, from all or any Claims or Demands which may be necessary to be released by the said Company, to qualify such Person or Persons to give Evidence as a Witness or Witnesses, in any such Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Arbitrations, References, or other Proceedings aforesaid, and also to do any other Act, Matter, or Thing in any such Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Arbitrations, References, or other Proceedings, which any Plaintiff or Defendant may do in any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, Arbitration, Reference, or other Proceedings; and every such Release, Act, Matter, and Thing respectively, shall be as valid and effectual in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same were made under the Seal of the said Company.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Company to prietors shall and they are hereby authorized and directed, at their own Costs and Charges, within Six Calendar Months next after any Part of cases where the said Railways or Tramroads shall be laid out and formed, to make the Lands and finish, and from Time to Time to maintain and keep in repair, such are deprived and so many Watercourses, Feeders, and Drains by the Sides of, along, ^ans'of the or under the said Railways or Tramroads, of such Dimensions, and in Raiiway. such Manner, and with such proper and convenient Bridges over the same respectively, as Two cr more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Durham shall from Time to Time judge necessary and appoint, in case there shall be any Dispute about the same, for the Purpose of effectually supplying the Cattle which shall or may be depastured or kept in or upon the Lands and Hereditaments through or near which such Railways or Tramroads shall be made, with Part of the Water of any River or Brook, or Spring of Water of which such Cattle would otherwise be deprived by the making and fencing of any Part or Parts of the said Railways or Tramroads; and which Watercourses and Drains, or any of them, shall or may be made along the Outsides of the Walls or other Fences of the said Railways or Tramroads, or of any of them, or otherwise, as may be found most proper and effectual for the Purpose last aforesaid; and all such Watercourses, Feeders, Drains, and Bridges so to be made for the Purpose last aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, be maintained and kept in sufficient Repair and Condition by the said Company of Proprietors; and in case the said Company of Proprietors shall refuse or neglect to make and finish such Watercourses,

Feeders, Drains, and Bridges as herein-before directed, or to repair and maintain the same, or any of them, when made in manner aforesaid, for the Space of Thirty Days next after the Time to be appointed for these Purposes respectively by such Justices, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for every or any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands or Hereditaments, who shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by such Neglect or Refusal, to make and finish all such Water-[L.ocal,~\ 8 H courses.

674 4° GEORGII IV. Ca/>.xxxiii.

courses, Feeders, Drains, and Bridges, as the said Justices shall have , before directed or appointed to be made as aforesaid, and to repair and

maintain the same from Time to Time as occasion shall require, so that in making and maintaining such Watercourses, Feeders, Drains, and Bridges as aforesaid, the said Railways or Tramroads, and other Things hereby or by the said recited Act authorized to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, shall not be obstructed or hindered for any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner, than shall be necessary for the doing thereof \ and all the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof, to be settled and allowed by the said Justices, shall be repaid to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands and Hereditaments, who shall have so made, repaired, or maintained such Watercourses, Feeders, Drains, and Bridges as aforesaid, or any of them, by the said Company of Proprietors, by the Space of Thirty Days next after the same shall have been so settled and allowed, and an Account and Demand in Writing shall have been delivered and made thereof to and from the said Company of Proprietors; and in default of Payment of the said Costs and Charges within the Time aforesaid, the said Justices shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the said Costs and Charges by Distress and Sale of any of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Proprietors, for the Use of such Person or Persons to whom such Costs and Charges shall have been allowed, rendering to the said Company of Proprietors the Overplus (if any), after deducting the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to be settled by the said Justices; and every or any of the said Owners or Occupiers, upon Refusal or Neglect by the said Company of Proprietors to pay the said Costs and Charges as aforesaid, shall and may also have such and the like Remedy against them, or any of them, for the Recovery thereof by Action at Law, and to be commenced and prosecuted in such Manner as in other Cases is by the said recited Act and this Act, or by either of them, prescribed and directed.

Proprietors and Occupiers to make Watercourses at their own Expence.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owners or •Occupiers of any Lands, or other Hereditaments through which the said Railways or Tramroads shall be made, do or shall at any Time or Times hereafter apprehend that any of the Watercourses, Feeders, Drains, and Bridges respectively, which the said Justices shall have so directed or appointed to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, or which without such Direction shall have been made by them, are insufficient either in their Number, Size, Length, or Situation for the commodious and effectual supplying of the Cattle to be depastured or kept in or upon the same Lands or Hereditaments with Water, according to the true Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Case and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for any such Owners or Occupiers, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Company of Proprietors upon Request made to them, or in case of their Refusal for the Space of Thirty Days next after such Request, then with the Consent and Approbation of the said Justices, to make and finish, at their own Costs and Charges, any other Watercourses, Feeders, Drains, and Bridges along the Side of or near to the said Railways or Tramroads, in such Places as shall be found and adjudged most necessary and convenient for the better supplying of such Cattle with Water as aforesaid* or for the

5 better

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxiii.

better Use, Cultivation, Improvement, or Occupation of such Land's Or Hereditaments, and to repair and support the same at their own Costs and Charges as occasion shall require, so that the Passage through or along the said Railways or Tramroads be not prevented or obstructed thereby for any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner than the same would necessarily have been if such Watercourses, Feeders,

Drains, and Bridges had been made by the said Company of Proprietors.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and the Provisions ot several Powers, Privileges, Authorities, Advantages, Directions, Restric- t"rer1At^t tions. Provisions, Rates, Duties, and other Matters and Things therein thig y contained, so far as the Nature and Circumstances of the Case will admit

(except such as are by this Act altered or repealed), shall be used, enjoyed, exercised, and enforced by the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, Surveyors, and Servants, for making, completing, preserving, maintaining, directing, and managing, as well the said Branch Railway or Tramroad terminating at or dear the East End of Croft Bridge aforesaid, and the said Deviations hereby authorized to be made in the said main Line of the said Railway or Tramroad, and of the said Branches therefrom terminating at or near Counton Turnpike Gate and Northgate Bridge respectively, as of such Parts of the said Railway or Tramroad, and the said Branches therefrom, as have been or are meant and intended to be made by virtue of the said recited Act; and also for making, erecting, executing, performing; supporting, and preserving all such other Works, Matters, and Things, as shall be deemed necessary or expedient for the said Undertaking; and for defraying the Expences thereof; and also shall and may be used and exercised by the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, lying near to or adjoining the said Deviations or Alterations in the said main Line of the said Railway or Tramroad, and the Branches therefrom, and also lying near to or adjoining the said additional Branch Railway or Tramtoad, or any of them respectively, in such and the like Manner, 2nd as fully and effectually in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Powers, Privileges, Authorities, Advantages, Directions, Restrictions, Provisions, Rates, Duties, and other Matters and Things contained or enacted in the said recited Act, were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act, and as if the Deviations from or Alterations in the said main Line of the said Railway or Tramroad, and the Branches therefrom, and the said new or additional Branch Railway or Tramroad, and other Works by this Act authorized to be made, completed, and maintained, had been described in the said recited Act as Part of the Railway or Tramroad and Branches, and other Works authorized to be made by virtue of the same Act.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted* That in case the iterations said intended Deviations from or Alterations in the main Line of thfc Said BranchTs Railway or Tramroad, and in the Line or Lines of the said Branches not com-therefrom, and also the said new or additional Branch Railway or Tram- pleted within road, and all the Works, Matters, and Things belonging thereto or con- Five Years, nected therewith, shall not respectively have been made, completed, and fhiHnVthe finished within the Space or Term of Five Years, to be computed from former Act

the to cease, ex-

676

cept as to such Parts as shall be then completed.

Justices at their General Quarter Sessions to extend the Time for Two Years.

Former Act, as to such Part of the old Line as is now relinquished, re-. pealed.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxiii.

the passing of this Act, then from and after the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years all the Powers, Authorities, and Privileges by this Act and also by the said recited Act given to or conferred upon the said Company of Proprietors, for making such several Deviations or Alterations, and such new or additional Branch Railway or Tramroad respectively, shall cease and determine, save only and except as to so much of the said intended Deviations or Alterations, and of the said new or additional Branch Railway or Tramroad, and the several Works, Matters, and Things respectively belonging thereto or connected therewith, or any of them, as shall have been declared and certified to have been made, completed, and finished within the said Term, by the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Durham assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County, within Six Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the said Term, upon the Evidence of One or more Witness or Witnesses to be examined before them upon Oath for that Purpose.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any thing in this Act or in the said recited Act contained to the contrary, in case it shall be proved and made to appear to the said Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Durham, at any Time before the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years, upon the Evidence of Two or more Witnesses, to be examined before them upon Oath, that the said Company of Proprietors have been prevented from making, completing, and finishing the said intended Deviations from or Alterations in the main Line of the said Railway or Tramroad, and in the Line or Lines of the said Branches therefrom, and also the said new or additional Branch Railway or Tramroad, and all the Works, Matters, and Things respectively belonging thereto or connected therewith, or any of them, by any inevitable Accidents or unforeseen Contingencies, or that the said Company of Proprietors have used all due and reasonable Diligence to make, complete, and finish the same respectively, and every of them, within the said Term of Five Years, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Justices assembled as aforesaid to extend or enlarge the Time for making, completing, and finishing the said several Deviations or Alterations, and the said new or additional Branch Railway or Tramroad, Works, Matters, and Things, and every or any of them, for the further Space or Term of Two Years, to commence and be computed from the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, so far as the same relates to or concerns any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, through, in, or upon which so much and such Part or Parts of the said Railway or Tramroad, and Branches therefrom thereby authorized to be made, as shall be relinquished, or shall not be made by reason of the Deviations or Alterations in and by this Act directed to be made as aforesaid, was or were originally intended to pass, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, except only so far as the same may have been acted upon previously to the passing of this Act.

4* GEORGII IV. Cujo.xxxiii

677

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of making the Surveys, Plans, and the Act* Estimates, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences relating to or concerning the same, or any ways incident thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, out of the Money received or to be received or raised by virtue of the said recited Act and this present Act, or either of them, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Public Act.]

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially

pleaded,

4

[Is*

{Local.]

8 I

The

M

00

The SCHEDULE referred to by the aforegoing Act.

Numbers in the Plan. Land Owners Names. Occupiers Names. Description of Premises. ■Parishes.

MAIN LINE.

126 Sir R. J. Eden, Bart. Henry Thomson Garth St." Andrew’s, Auckland,

33 Sir P. Musgrave, Bart. John Parker Fold Yard Heighington.

140 James Crow Himself - _ Plantation of Forest Trees - JJoughton,

branch to coundon.

20 6 Josiah Smithson John Burton Plantation of Forest Trees - St. Andrew’s, Auckland.

BRANCH TO CROFT.

3IQ Thomas Davison Himself Plantation of Forest Trees - Hurworth.

320 Ditto George Coates Garden - Ditto.

321 Ditto Phillis Snaith Ditto Ditto.

322 Ditto - • - Robert Marshall ' ‘ :7. 0 4-1 5 Ditto.

DARLINGTON BRANCH.

253 William Backhouse - Himself Shrubbery Darlington.

256 George Allan, Esq. W. Walters Garden Ditto.

257 Ditto Ditto Ditto - - r. Ditto. *-■’, 1 "■—- "gpi -■ — 11 j*-1

4- GEORGJfl IV. Cap. xxmi.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IY. REGIS.

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act to alter and amend Two several Acts passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His Majesty King George the Second, for the Purpose of enabling the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Saviour in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants *8 G. 2. c. 23.

of the Parish of Saint Saviour in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the High Street in the said Borough; it was (amongst other things) enacted, that certain Persons therein mentioned should be appointed Commissioners for the carrying the said Act into Execution, and that it should be lawful for the said Commissioners to enter upon a certain Piece of Ground therein mentioned in the said Parish of Saint Saviour, and set out such Parts as they should think fit for the Purpose of holding a Market therein; and that so soon as the said Ground should be set out as therein mentioned, it should be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Saviour for the Time being, together with Eleven of the most substantial Inhabitants, to be from Time to Time chosen and appointed by the Vestry of the said Parish, or any Seven or more of them, on the Behalf of themselves and the Rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, to purchase the said Ground and any Buildings erected thereon, and convert the same Ground into a Place for holding the said Market thereon, in Trust nevertheless for the Uses, Intents and Purposes therein-after enacted; and that the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, or any Seven or more of them, should possess and enjoy the Right of holding the said Market for the Borough of Southwark, on the Ground which should be so purchased, and to receive and take the usual and accustomed Rents, Tolls, and Profits thereof as therein mentioned; and that it should be lawful for the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, or any

[23d May 1823.]

[Local!}

8 K

Seven

682 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxiv.

Seven or more of them as therein mentioned, to raise and borrow any Sum not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and that for discharging the Debt to be incurred by the Money so to be borrowed it should be lawful for any Persons to contribute and pay into the Hands of the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, or any Seven or more of them, for the Uses therein-before mentioned, any Sum of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid during the natural Life of such Contributors respectively, or of such other Persons as therein mentioned, and upon the Terms and in manner in the said Act mentioned; and that all and every the Annuities so to be purchased under and by virtue of the said Act should be charged upon and payable from all Monies arising by the Rents and Profits of the Sheds, Stalls, Stands, and other Buildings and Erections to be set up in and upon the Ground to be set out and appointed for the Site of the Market by the said Act authorized to be held, and all other the Profits whatsoever arising or accruing by or from the said Market; and it was by the said Act enacted, that all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue and under the Authority of the said Act for the Site of the said Market, and all Sheds, Stalls, Stands, and other Erections to be built or set up thereupon, and the Rents and Profits arising from the same, should be and were thereby vested in the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, and their Successors for ever, and that they should stand seised thereof in Trust for the several Uses, Intents and Purposes therein-after mentioned and declared concerning the same; (that is to say), the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants and their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, should, out of the first Monies to be borrowed or arising by granting Leases, or the Sale of Annuities, as in the said Act mentioned, or by any other Ways and Means under the Authority of the said Act, pay and discharge the reasonable Expences of obtaining and passing the said Act of Parliament; and should in the next Place pay off and discharge all Debts that should be incurred by the Purchase of the Ground whereon to erect the said Market, and all such Charges and Expences as should necessarily attend the erecting and constituting the same, and the Rents, Produce, and Profits arising thereby should be applied in paying the Annuity or Annuities to be granted to such Purchaser or Purchasers as in the said Act mentioned, so long as any of them should live, and all such Savings as should from Time to Time be made by the Death of any such Annuitants should, after the Discharge of all Debts accrued on account of the said Market, be vested in some of the Public Funds, or some other good and valid Security or Securities, and the Produce thereof, together with the Rents and Profits of the said Market after the Death of all such Annuitants, should be and remain an Estate for the Use and Benefit of the said Parish for ever, and should be applied in Diminution of any of the Parochial Rates or Assessments: And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His 30 G. 2.031. said Majesty, intituled An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said herein-before in part recited Act, a Power was given to the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, or any Seven or more of them, to horrow any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for the Purposes of the said herein-before in part recited Act, on Annuity or Annuities which should be payable and sold in such Manner as the Annuities appointed to be purchased by the said herein-before in part recited Act are appointed to be paid and sold, and should be likewise charged upon the Rents and Profits of the Sheds, Stands, Buildings, and Erections upon the Ground set out and appointed for the Site of the said Market, and all other the

5 Profits

4p<iEOR<jrII IV. Cap.&xkiv.

Profits of the said Market: And whereas the said Church wardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants of the said Parish, in pursuance of the Powers granted to them by the said recited Acts, raised the Sums of Money by the said Acts authorized to be raised by a Sale of Annuities for the Lives of certain Persons, according to the Terms and Directions of the said Acts: And whereas the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants of the said Parish have, out of the Monies which have come to their Hands under or by virtue of the herein-before in part recited Acts, paid off and discharged all the Debts, Charges, Incumbrances, and Expences Which have hitherto accrued and been incurred in carrying the Trusts of the said Acts into Execution, except Six of the Annuities so sold as aforesaid, and which now amount in the Whole to the yearly Sum of Four hundred and fourteen Pounds Five Shillings: And whereas the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants of the said Parish from Time to Time, in pursuance of the Directions in the said first recited Act, have invested the Surplus of the Monies and yearly Profits which came to their Hands under and by virtue of the said Acts in the Public Funds, and there is now standing in the Names of James South lately deceased, Edward Sells, and William Brocksopp, Gentlemen, as Trustees for the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, the Sum of Thirteen thousand three hundred and two Pounds Four per Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities, being produced by such Investments: And whereas the yearly Dividends on the said Sum of Thirteen thousand three hundred and two Pounds Four per Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities, amounting to the Sum of Five hundred and thirty-two Pounds One Shilling and Seven-pence, exceed the Amount of the said Annuities so now payable aforesaid by the Sum of One hundred and seventeen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Seven-peiieejor thereabouts: And whereas the Parochial Rates and Assessments payable by the Inhabitants of the said Parish of St. Saviour's in the Borough of Southwark are very burthensome: And whereas by reason of the Directions of the said first recited Act the Rents and Profits arising from the said Market, and the Hereditaments so as aforesaid vested in the aforesaid Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants of the said Parish, and the Surplus of the Dividends of the said Sum of Thirteen thousand three hundred and two Pounds Four per Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities, after paying the aforesaid Annuities so granted and so now payable, cannot, until the Death of all such Annuitants or other the Persons for whose Lives Annuities were so as aforesaid granted by the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants in pursuance of the Powers contained in the aforesaid Acts, be applied in Diminution of the Parochial Rates and Assessments of the said Parish: And whereas it would be greatly for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Parish if the Dividends payable iii respect of the said Sum of Thirteen thousand three hundred and two Pounds Four per Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities, and the Rents and Profits of the said Market should, after paying and satisfying the said Annuities, amounting together to the said Sum of Four hundred and fourteen Pounds Five Shillings, or such of them as shall from Time to Time continue payable, be applied in and towards the Reduction of the Rates and Assessments of the said Parish; but which cannot be done otherwise than by the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants of the said Parish of St. Saviour in Southwark, in whom the said Market, Buildings, Rents, Tolls, and Profits are so by the said first recited Act vested as aforesaid, and their Successors for ever, do and shall, on the Twenty-ninth Day of September next, and from thenceforth for ever on Easter Tuesday, and

684

Directing the Application of the Profit 8 of the Market Place, See.

Extending Provisions of former Acts to the present.

[Public Act.]

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxiv.

the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, unless the Twenty-ninth Day of September shall fall on a Sunday, then on the Thirtieth Day of September in such Year, present to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, in Vestry assembled, a true and just Account of all and every the Rents and Annual Profits of the said Market, and of the Dividends of the said Sum of Thirteen thousand three hundred and two Pounds Four Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and of all other the Monies which shall yearly come to their Hands, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of this present Act or otherwise; and also of all and every the Costs, Charges, Expences, and Disbursements of the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, in respect of the said Market or the Management thereof, or otherwise; and that the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants shall cause the said Accounts to be duly entered in a Book to be kept in the Vestry Room, or in such other Place in the said Parish as they or any Seven of them shall appoint; and that it shall be lawful to and for any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of Rates and Assessments in the said Parish, at all seasonable Times, to have recourse to and inspect the same Book of Accounts, without Fee or Reward.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, do and shall, from henceforth and at all Times hereafter, pay and apply the clear Nett Rents, Issues, and Annual Profits of the said Market, and all the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Sum of Thirteen thousand three hundred and two Pounds Four per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and other the Monies which as aforesaid may come to their Hands in manner following; (that is to say), in the first Place thereout to pay the aforesaid Annuities, amounting to the Sum of Four hundred and fourteen Pounds Five Shillings, when and as the said Annuities shall from Time to Time become due, and according to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of the said Two herein-before recited Acts, and subject as aforesaid thereout to pay all the reasonable Expences of applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, and do and shall pay and apply all the Residue of the aforesaid Rents, Issues, Annual Profits, and Dividends, after answering and satisfying the Purposes aforesaid, in Diminution of all or any of the Parochial Rates or Assessments payable by the Inhabitants of the said Parish, or of any other Rates or Assessments payable by the Inhabitants of the said Parish, in such Manner as a Majority of the Inhabitants of the said Parish in Vestry assembled on Easter Tuesday and the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year shall direct, order, and appoint j but if the Twenty-ninth Day of September in any one Year shall happen on a Sunday, the Meeting in Vestry for such Year shall be held on the following Day.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures, in the said in part recited Act contained, except such as are hereby particularly varied or altered, shall remain and be in full Force, and be executed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein again repeated and re-enacted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving the Town of Knaresbrough in the West Riding of the County of York, and that Part of the Township oi Scriven-with-Tentergate which adjoins the said Town, and is called Ten-tergate• [23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS the Town of Knaresbrough in the West Riding of the County of York, and such Parts of the Township of Seri-‘uen-with-Tentergate as adjoin the said Town, and are called Tentergate, are large and populous, and are Places of considerable Trade; and the several Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places within the same are not paved, cleansed, lighted, or sufficiently watched, and are subject to various Nuisances, and other public Inconveniences : And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, is seised to Him, His Heirs and Successors, of the Lordship and Honour of Knaresbrough in the West Riding of the County of York, including the several Towns and Townships of Knaresbrough and Scriven-with-Tentergate, and as such is entitled to all Royalties, Seigniories, Pre-eminences, and Privileges thereunto belonging: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Safety, Convenience, and Advantage, not only of the Inhabitants of the said Town and adjoining Parts, but of all other Persons resorting to and travelling through the same, if the said [[Local.'] 8 L Streets,

686

ill11

Commissioners appointed.

Limits of the Act.

Oath.

I I'll

4° GEORGII IV. Cap .XXXV.

Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated, and if all Nuisances and Annoyances therein were removed, and in future prevented; but such beneficial Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Vicar of Knaresbrough (for the Time being), the Understeward or Bailiff for the Honour or Liberty of Knaresbrough (for the Time being), the Churchwardens of Knaresbrough (for the Time being), the Churchwarden of Scriven-with-Tentergate (for the Time being), in case he shall reside within the Limits of this Act, together with Sir Thomas Slings by Baronet, the Reverend Thomas Collins Clerk, William Collins, Peter Earns haw, Richard Terry, Samuel Powell, John Eteson, William Eteson the elder, John Ellison, Richard Dewes, William Robinson of High Street, Isaac Newton, William Thackwray, Michael Meek, Robert Dear love, John Dinmore, George Pullan, Henry Hopps, John Foster, Thomas Simpson of High Street, Robert Butterfield, Joseph Mosey Allen, Michael Calvert, Matthew Oates, Rodger Forster, Robert Gott, Thomas Matson the younger, John Turnbull, John Taylor, Martin Richardson, and their Successors, to be elected and appointed in manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Limits of this Act shall commence at the High Bridge, and proceed northerly up the Side of the River Nidd, past Cunningham House, to a Place called Water Gates, from thence to continue north-easterly in a direct Line to Sir Thomas Slingsby’s Lodge Gates, from thence to proceed easterly in a direct Line to the End of the Scriven Lane (where it abuts on the Knaresbrough and Boroughbridge Road), from thence continuing down the said Road until it comes to Halfpenny Lane, proceeding thence in a southerly Direction along the same Lane, called Halfpenny Lane, to Hansel Pasture Corner, from thence down Chain Lane to the Corner abutting on the Knaresbrough and York Road, from thence across the said Road and the Long Flatt, in a direct Line to Chapman*s Mill Dam, and from thence proceeding up the River Nidd to the High Bridge.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, who shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Six Calendar Months, to act, or shall become Bankrupt, or shall hold any Place of Trust, or shall be concerned or interested in any Contract under the said Commissioners, nor unless he shall reside within the Limits of this Act, nor until he shall have taken the Oath or Affirmation herein-after prescribed (except such Persons as are herein appointed Commissioners by virtue of their Offices); (that is to say),.

I A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do sblemnly declare and affirm]. That I am really and bond fide in my

‘ own Right [or, in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may be~\, now in 1 the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands or ‘ Tenements of Inheritance [or for Life, or a Term of Ninety-nine Years £ and upwards, as the Case may be\ of the clear annual Value of Fifty

‘ Pounds

) J |

4" GEORGII IV.

c Pounds above Reprizes [or am Heir Apparent of a Person seised of 4 Lands or Tenements of Inheritance of the clear annual Value of Two 4 hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or am seised or possessed of Real 4 or Personal Estate, or of both together, of the full Value of One thousand Pounds] above the Payment of all my Debts; and that I will 4 truly and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment,

execute and perform all the Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a 4 Commissioner, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act ['here 4 set forth the Title of this Act]. So help me GOD.

4 [Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words So help me God/]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, Penalty on except as aforesaid, not being so qualified, or being disqualified by any

of the Causes aforesaid, or not having taken and subscribed such Oath acting. or Affirmation, shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with full Costs of Suit, to any Person who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he was at the Time of acting qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty and Costs, without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided always, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person acting as such Commissioner, though not duly qualified previously to his being convicted of any such Offence, shall be as valid and effectual, notwithstanding such Conviction, as if such Person had been so qualified: Provided always nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for such of the said Commissioners as shall be Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, to act as such Justices in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners under the Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case and so For supply-often as the Commissioners herein named, or hereafter to be elected by ing Decrease virtue of this Act, shall, by Death or by any of the Causes of Disquali- Commis" fication before mentioned, be reduced to the Number of Eleven, it shall be lawful for the surviving and remaining Commissioners, and they are hereby required from Time to Time, when and as often as the same shall occur' to convene a Meeting of the Inhabitants resident within the said Limits, by Notice in Writing to be affixed on the Porch or Outer Door of the Parish Church of Knaresbrough aforesaid, Fourteen Days preceding the Day of such Meeting (the Death, Refusal, or Disability to act of the Commissioner or Commissioners so dying, or refusing or becoming incapable or disqualified to act as aforesaid, and the intended Election of his or their Successor or Successors, being expressed in the Notice or Summons for such Meeting), for the Purpose of electing and appointing a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable or disqualified to act, as before mentioned; and every such Commissioner so from Time to Time elected and appointed in manner herein-before directed (being qualified in manner

herein-

688

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

herein-before mentioned) shall be joined with the other Commissioners, and have the like Powers and Authorities vested in him in all respects' whatsoever for putting this Act in Execution, as if he had been named a Commissioner in and by the same.

thlTcom of ^1. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet -mwsioners. at Sessions House in Knaresbrough aforesaid, or at such other Place within the Limits of this Act as they may think fit, on the Third Monday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and shall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and in case none, or a less Number than Five of the said Commissioners shall attend such Meeting, then such Meeting shall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the next Day, and so toties quoties until a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners shall attend at such Meeting to act in the Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall or may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be held at the same Place, or at such 'Other Place within the Limits of this Act, and at such Time as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time order and direct, provided that no Adjournment shall be made for a longer Time than Three Calendar Months; and if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, or appearing, shall not adjourn such Meeting, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day, within Fifteen Days then next following, to be holden at the same Place, and the said Clerk shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on the Door of the Parish Church of Knares-* hrough aforesaid, at least Ten Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned : Provided always, that no Business shall be done or proceeded upon by the said Commissioners at any Meeting, except the First Meeting to be held under this Act, before Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, nor shall any Meeting be* appointed to be held at any later Hour than Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Meeting may be appointed to be holden; and at all their several Meetings the said Commissioners shall pay and defray ail their own Expences, except any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings a Day for the Use of the Room wherein they shall meet for the Purposes of this Act; and all Orders and Peterminations of the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act ^shall be made at a Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance hereof not otherwise (except in Cases hereby otherwise provided for), and no Order or Determination shall be made unless the major Part of the Commissioners present at the respective Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act shall concur therein; and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relating to the Execution of this Act, which are hereby directed to be had, made, done, or exercised by or before the said Commissioners, and all the Powers and Authorities hereby in them vested generally, shall and may be had, made, done, and exercised by the major Part of the Commissioners who shall be present at the respective Meetings to be held by virtue of this Act, the whole Number of Commissioners present at every such Meeting not being less than Five (except in Cases where any other Number is by this Act named for any particular or special Pur-io pose);

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv. 689

po$e); and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings had, made, or done by ot before such Five Commissioners shall have the same Force and Effect, and be binding and conclusive on all Persons, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if the same were had, made* done* or executed by or before all the said Commissioners; and at every Meeting of the said Commissioners a Chairman shall in the First Place be appointed, who in case of an equal Number of Votes (including such Chairman’s Vote) shall have the casting or decisive Vote; and no Order or Determination of any Meeting of the said Commissioners once made, agreed upon, or entered into, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Notice of the Intention to make such Revocation or Alteration shall have been given at a previous Meeting holden pursuant to this Act, and shall have been entered in the Book of Proceedings of such Meeting, and unless such Notice, signed by any Two or more Commissioners, shall also have been affixed to the Door of the Parish Church of Knaresbrough Twenty-one Days at least before such Meeting, nor unless such Revocation or Alteration shall be agreed to be made by Seven Commissioners at the least.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Commissioners, it shall on any Emergency be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed, it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the said Commissioners, (or for their Clerk, being authorized by an Order in Writing, signed by Two or more of them, although not assembled at a Public Meeting), mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, to appoint and give Notice of such earlier Meeting, in the Manner before directed (such Time not being less than Three Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the Commissioners at such earlier Meeting, whether relating to the particular Subject on which such Meeting shall be called, or not, shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Commissioners had met in pursuance of an Adjournment; and such earlier Meeting shall and may be adjourned to and be held at such Time and Place as any other Meeting under this Act is authorized to be adjourned to or held at.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Proceedings cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and re- tobe entered* gular Entries to be made therein of the Names of all the Commissioners who shall attend the respective Meetings, and of all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and the Chairman of each Meeting of the said Commissioners shall always subscribe his Name at the End of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, at every such Meeting; which said Book or Books, and also the Book or Books hereinafter directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Assignments of the Rates or Transcripts thereof, shall and may be read in Evidence in all Cases, Suits, and Actions touching any thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required from Time to Time to order and direct a Book or Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, and expended

\_LocaL~] 8 M for

Accounts to be kept of Receipts and Disbursements, which shall be open to Inspection#

Meetings on Emergencies#

690

Annual Meeting for auditing Accounts, &c.

Officers to be appointed, and give Security, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. xxxv.

for or on account of the Purposes of this Act, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed and paid; and such Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Commissioners, and every Creditor of the Rates hereby authorized to be made, and of every Person paying any Rate or Assessment hereby authorized, or otherwise affected thereby, without Fee or Reward; and the said Commissioners, Creditors, and other Persons aforesaid, or any of them, shall or may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without pay-ifig any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit or shall not permit the said Commissioners, Creditors, or Persons aforesaid, to inspect the same, or take Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds for each Default, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manner herein-after provided.

XV. And be it further enacted, That a Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be held on the First Thursday in the Month of July yearly, at the Place herein-before mentioned, or to be appointed as aforesaid, at which the Accounts of all Monies received and paid from Time to Time by virtue or in execution of this Act, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be produced and stated to, and examined and settled by the said Commissioners.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Monies to be raised and paid under or by virtue of this Act, and also Surveyors, Scavengers, Rakers, Cleansers', Lighters of Lamps, and such other Officers or Persons, as and when they the said Commissioners shall think proper, for carrying this Act into Execution; and the said Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time remove them, or any of them, and in like manner appoint others in the Room of those removed; and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners shall and may pay such Salaries, Wages, or Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons, as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to take such Security from every such Treasurer, Collector, and other Officer, as they shall think reasonable; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, undo: their Hands, (at sudh Time and Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct), deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge, and of all Monies which shall have been received by such Officers and other Persons respectively, by virtue or for the Purposes of this Act, specifying how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments $ and shall pay all such Money as shall remain due from them respectively, to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or wilfully neglect to make and render such Accounts, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers‘relating to thegame, or to make Payment as aforesaid > or shall refuse or neglect

8 to

4° GEORGlI IV. Cap. xxxv.

tp deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Pays after being thereunto required, by Notice in Writing to be given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer or Person, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or to give Information and Satisfaction to the said Commissioners respecting the same; it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to bring or cause to be brought an Action or Actions in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the Officer or Person making such Default as aforesaid, foir the Recovery of thp Monies which shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Person, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons whom they shall appoint for that Purpose, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place wherein such Officer or Person so neglecting or refusing shall reside or be, suqh Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Officer or Person so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing (except from some reasonable Cause to be allowed by such Justice), or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way j and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Money which shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Person, or be unaccounted for, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his .Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer and Person, together with thp Costs and Charges of making such Complaint, and of such Distress and Sale; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Person can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges as aforesaid, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer or Person shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render or give such Account, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, qr Writings relative to the Execution of this Act shall be in the Custody Or Power of such Officer or Person, and that he shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver up or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then, and in any of the said Cases, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County o*r Riding where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without .Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have made and given a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the Commissioners for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such manner as they shall appoint, (which Composition tf*e said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until ;he shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed by virtue of this Act on account of his not having sufficient Goods or Chattels shall be detained in Prison for any longer Term than Six Calendar Month?: Provided also, that if any Money shall remain due from such Officer or Person, Officers or Persons, the Commitment of him or them to Prison

. ‘ :" ' " - r snail

692

Clerk restrained from acting as Treasurer, and vice versa.

Commissioners may sue or be sued in the Name of their Clerk, &c.

Power to

pave Streets, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

shall not be deemed a Discharge for the same, nor exonerate his or theif Surety or Sureties; but such Officer or Person, Officers or Persons, and his or their Surety or Sureties, shall remain liable to the Payment thereof, in the same Manner as if such Officer or Person had not been committed to Prison.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk of or other Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Commissioners for executing this Act j and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk of or other Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any Treasurer shall hold any Place of Profit or Trust under this Act, other than that of Treasurer, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may sue and be sued for or concerning any thing which shall be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any Matter or Thing relating or incident to the obtaining and passing of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, or in the Name of any One of the said Commissioners; and no Action or Suit to be so brought or commenced by or against the said Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Removal, or Default of any such Clerk, but shall be continued and carried on in his Name, or in the Name of the Clerk for the Time being, who shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit (as the Case may require): Provided always, that any such Clerk or Commissioner, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein : Provided always, that such Clerk shall not, by reason of his being such Clerk, be deemed an inadmissible Witness in any such Action or Suit, unless it be on his own personal Account.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time and as often as they shall think fit, to cause, order, and direct all or any of the present or future Sides and Footways of the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places within the said Limits, to be taken up, and the same to be raised, lowered, altered, repaired, flagged, or paved, as to them shall seem proper $ and also to make common Sewers, Drains, or Watercourses

4° GEORGII IV. Cap..xxxv. 693

courses in any of the Streets, Lanes, Entries, or other public Passages and Places within the said Limits, for the Purpose of carrying or conveying Water from the same; and to cleanse, alter, and amend such Sewers*

Drains, or Watercourses, in such Manner as they shall from Time to Time think necessary; and that the Expences of such paving, renewing, draining, and repairing, shall at all Times be payable and paid out of the Rates and Assessments to be made and levied under the Authority of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the Occupiers of Yards, Pas- Water to be sages, or other Property adjoining or near to such of the said Streets, conveyed Lanes, Entries, public Passages, and Places, in which shall be contained p^P^gv^o Common Sewrers or Watercourses, shall from Time to Time, as Occasion pU^jc shall require, convey the Water therein by Drains or Sewers from thence, Drains.

at their own Expence, into the Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses of the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, public Passages and Places, under the Penalty of Five Pounds for each Default therein, Ten Days Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners having been first given to such Occupier or Occupiers, or left at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, to cause such Water to be conveyed into the public Drains as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may Commission-be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, to cause the several Streets, ersempower-Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places within the Limits of gtreets^&c. this Act, or such of them as they shall think proper, to be lighted either to be lighted by Oil Lamps, or by means of Gas or Inflammable Air, as the said Com- with Oil or missioners shall think fit, and to direct what Part or Parts of the said Gas*

Town shall be lighted by Oil, and what by means of Gas or Inflammable

Air; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Company or Companies of Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, to light the same by means of Oil or Gas or Inflammable Air, in such Manner and upon such Terms and Conditions, Stipulations and Agreements, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and to provide and set up all necessary Lamps, Lamp Posts,

Jjamp Irons, and other Works necessary for the Purposes of this Act $ and hi case it shall be determined to light all or any of the said Streets, Lanes, Entries/ and other public Passages and Places with Gas or Inflammable Air, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct the breaking up the Soil or Pavement of any of the Footways or Carriageways of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places, and the digging, sinking, constructing, laying, and fixing Pipes, Stop Cocks,

Plugs, Branches, and all other Works and Machinery, by any Company of Companies of Proprietors or other Person or Persons, for the Conveyance of the said Gas or Inflammable Air, for the Purpose of lighting the several Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Limits or any Part or Parts thereof; and from Time to Time to direct such Pipes, Stop Cocks, Plugs, Branches, Works, and Machinery, to be repaired, altered, or renewed : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners to carry, lay, or fix, or continue any Pipe or Pipes, or other Thing for the Conveyance of the said Gas or Inflammable Air, through or against any Dwelling House or Houses, or private Buildings, or any private ~ [Local.~\ 8.N t Lands,

694 4' GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

Lands, or Hereditaments and Premises, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner and Occupier of every such Dwelling House, Hereditament or Building respectively, for that Purpose first had and obtained : Provided also, that if the said Commissioners, or any Person acting under or by their Authority in the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, shall damage or injure any Water Pipe or Water Pipes* laid down or to be laid down within the Limits of this Act, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make and pay full Satisfaction and Compensation for the same, to the Owner or Owners of the Pipe or Pipes so damaged or injured $ and in case of any Neglect or Refusal to make and pay such Satisfaction and Compensation, within Ten Days next after Demand made thereof in Writing from the Clerk of the said Commissioners, the full Amount of the Damages sustained by making good such Water Pipe or Water Pipes, shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Commissioners, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said West Riding; which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant, on the Application of the Owner or Owners of the Water Pipe or Water Pipes, so damaged or injured as aforesaid.

Commission-

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Injury ers to repair or Damage shall be occasioned to any Rail, Building, or Wall, by the ^Wafls^&xf setting up, taking down, altering, or removing any Lamp, or any

* Lamp Iron or other Fastenings thereof, the said Commissioners shall immediately cause the said Injury or Damage to be well and sufficiently repaired; and the Expences attending the same shall be paid out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act*

Commissioners may erect Apparatus to make Gas;

and for that Purpose to rent or purchase Land.

Commissioners to make and use Gas Works under Advice of some Person skilled in such Works.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners (in case they shall deem it expedient) to light the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places, with Gas or Inflammable Air, (without contracting for the same), and for that Purpose to erect or cause to be erected Gasometers, Cisterns, Pillars, and all the other necessary Apparatus to produce, conduct, supply, and receive such Gas or Inflammable Air, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and for that Purpose to purchase of rent from any Person or Persons any Building or Buildings, Erection or Erections, Land or Lands, within the Limits of this Act, not exceeding Three Statute Acres, with any Person or Persons who shall be willing to let, sell, or dispose of the same, for the Purpose of erecting and making suitable Buildings and Apparatus thereon for the manufacturing of Gas or Inflammable Air as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That for greater Se* curity against Accidents by such Gas Works, the said Commissioners, and all other Persons with whom they may contract, are hereby directed and required to erect, or cause to be erected, all such Gasometers, Cisterns, Pillars, and other the necessary Apparatus, and to lay all such Pipes, Stop Cocks, Plugs, Branches* and Machinery as aforesaid, by the Advice and Direction of some Person or Persons thoroughly skilled and experienced in the Nature of such Works, whose entire Approbation thereof as to Safety and otherwise, shall be had before the same shall be used.

e XX. And

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv. 695

XX. And be it further enrcted, That the said Commissioners, and the Works to be Person or Persons with whom they shall contract, shall and they are xwice^n hereby required to have the said Works inspected at least Twice in every every Year. Year by One or more experienced Person or Persons, to see that the same are in a fit State, and properly conducted and managed; and in case of any Error, Want of Repair, Insufficiency or other Mismanagement being pointed out, to cause the same to be forthwith corrected, amended, and repaired, according to the Opinion of such Person or Persons.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners Commission-shall deem it expedient to erect such Gas Apparatus, and to light the said out" Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places, or any of Gas Lights, them, with Gas or Inflammable Air, without contracting for the same as &c. aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, after sufficiently lighting such said Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places, to let out or grant to any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to take the same, any Light or Lights, or Argand, Cock-spur, Batwing, or any other Kind of Burner or Burners, and to supply the same with Gas or Inflammable Air, upon such Terms and Conditions, and at such annual Rents for the same, and in such Manner, as they the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think proper: Provided nevertheless, that all Money to proceed therefrom, or arise thereby, be in the first Instance applied to defray the Expences of the Gas Apparatus and other Things connected therewith; and if there shall be any Overplus, then the same shall be applied generally for the Purposes of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Recovery of who shall contract with the said Commissioners, or otherwise agree 16 ent' take, or shall use or enjoy the Benefit of the said Gas in their private Dwellings, Shops, Inns, Taverns, or other Buildings or Manufactories,

shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Ten Days after Demand, to pay the Sum or Sums then due for the same to the said Commissioners, according to the Terms and Stipulations of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their Clerk or Clerks, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said West Riding, to levy the said Sum or Sums of Money in respect whereof such Neglect or Refusal shall happen, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, after the necessary Charges of making such Distress and Sale shall be first deducted.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Branch or Service Pipes Service Pipes which shall be put down for lighting the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, and to be kePl other public Passages and Places, shall be kept fully charged with Gas; J?aasrge and the Stop Cocks shall be so turned as not to impede or prevent the said

Branch or Service Pipes being completely filled with Gas during the Time the same shall be lighted.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Pipes or other Gas Pipes to Conduits to be laid or used for the Conveyance of Gas in, under, through,

along,

696

Water Pipes in a particular Manner.

For preventing the Escape of Gas.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

along, across, or round any Street, Lane, Entry, or other Passage or Place within the Limits of this Act, shall be so laid at the greatest practicable Distance; and whenever the Width of the Carriageway in such Street or Place will allow thereof, at the Distance of Three Feet at least from the nearest Part of any Water Pipe already laid down, or hereafter to be laid down, for the Conveyance of Water in, under, through, along, across, or round any of the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, or other Passages or Places within the Limits of this Act, except in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to lay the Gas Pipes across any of the said Water Pipes, in which Cases the said Gas Pipes shall be laid over and above the said Water Pipes, at the greatest practicable Distance therefrom, and shall form therewith a right Angle; and in such Cases the said Gas Pipes so crossing the said Water Pipes shall be at least Six Feet in Length, so that no Joint of any of the said Gas Pipes shall be nearer to any Part of the said Water Pipes than Three Feet at least; and that in laying down the said Gas Pipes, the said Commissioners, Contractors, or other Person supplying Gas, shall in no case join Two or more Gas Pipes together, previous to their being laid in the Trench, but shall lay each Pipe as near as may be in its Place in the Trench, and shall in such Trench properly form the jointing with the other Pipes to be added thereto, with proper and sufficient Materials; and shall also make and keep all and every such Pipes, and all Pipes connected or communicating therewith, and all the Screws, Joints, Inlets, Apertures, or Openings therein respectively, Airtight, and in all and every respect prevent the said Gas from escaping therefrom, and from any Part thereof, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or set up in pursuance of this Act, the acting Commissioners or the Company or Companies of Proprietors or other Person or Persons contracting to light or lighting with Gas the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places, shall immediately after Notice given to them or him, by Parol or in Writing, of any such Escape of Gas, from any Inhabitant or Inhabitants within the said Limits, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Commissioners or the Company or Companies of Proprietors, or other Person or Persons so contracting to light or lighting with Gas, shall not, within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice given, effectually stop and prevent any future Escape, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of Complaint, that then and in every such Case the said acting Commissioners or the Company or Companies of Proprietors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of giving any such Notice, during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid; which Penalty or Penalties shall from Time to Time be recoverable in a summary Way on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Information to be laid before some one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, and shall and may be recovered and levied with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Treasurer of the said Commissioners, or of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company or Companies of Proprietors, or of the

* other

697

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxx.

other Person or Persons so contracting to light, or lighting as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted* That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on wilfully or maliciously remove, take away, destroy, damage, or injure any or

any Part of any Pipe, Plug, or other Apparatus, Matter or Thing belonging ipes’ to the said Commissioners, or shall wilfully or maliciously waste, or beyond his, her, or their Contract consume any of the Inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Commissioners, every Person so offending in any of the respective Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath or Affirmation of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, or other Justice or Justices having Jurisdiction, as the Case may require, shall forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and Three Times the Amount of the Damage done or occasioned by such Conduct, the same to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices; and such Penalty and Damage, together with reasonable Costs, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, returning the Overplus (if any), on Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said Riding or County, as the Case may require, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to carry or convey, or cause to be carried or conveyed, any Washings or Liquids, or any Lime or other Ingredients, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, which shall arise or be made in manufacturing or preparing any Gas or Inflammable Air whatsoever, or in the Prosecution of any of the Gas Works, into the River Nidd, or into any Pond, Ditch, Brook, or Canal, any Sewer, Conduit, or other Place whatsoever, by which it may ultimately be carried or conveyed into the said River, or into any other Stream or Brook, or into any Pond, Ditch, Brook, Canal, Sewer, or Conduit.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Penalty for Commissioners or any Company or Companies of Proprietors, or other conveying Person or Persons contracting to light or lighting with Gas the said Streets, )^ashings Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places, shall at any Time sewer*^ drain or carry, or cause or suffer to be drained or conveyed, or to run or Stream, &c. flow any Washings or other Waste Liquids, Substances, or Thing whatsoever, which shall arise or be made in the Prosecution of the said Gas Works, into the River Nidd, or into any River, Brook, or running

Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, or Spring Head j or do or cause to be done any Annoyance, Act, or Thing to the Water contained in any such River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct,

Waterway, Feeder, Pond, or Spring Head, whereby the said Water or any Part thereof shall or may be soiled, fouled, or corrupted, then and in every such Case the said acting Commissioners, or such Company or Companies of Proprietors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record \Local,~\ SO at

Ingredients used in manu-facturingGas, not to be conveyed to the River Nidd.

698

This Act not to prevent Commissioners being proceeded against for a Nuisance, &c.

Penalty on wilfully breaking Lamps.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and such Penalty shall be paid fo the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same: Provided always, that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable, unless the same be sued for within Twelve Calendar Months after the Time when such Annoyance, Act, and Thing shall have ceased; provided also, that in addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds (and whether such Penalty shall or shall not be recovered), in case any of the said Washings or other Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things shall be drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid into the said River Nidd, or into any River, Brook, or running Stream, or any Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, or Spring Head, or any such Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given by any Person or Persons whatsoever to the said Commissioners, or any of them, or to the Company or Companies of Proprietors or any of them, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and the said Commissioners, Company or Companies of Proprietors, or other Person or Persons shall not, within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice given, stop and prevent all and every such Washings, Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Thing, from being drained, conducted, or conveyed, or from running or flowing in manner aforesaid, and every such other Annoyance, Act, or Thing from being done as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners, Company or Companies of Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Day such Washings, Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids or Things shall be so drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be so done or caused to be done as aforesaid; and such last-mentioned Penalty shall and may be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Informer, or to the Person or Persons who, in the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Conviction shall take place, shall have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage, by any such Act done or committed.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding, by Indictment or otherwise, against the said Commissioners, or their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, in respect of public or private Nuisances by them committed, through the Means which shall be adopted in obtaining, making, preparing or using the said Gas or Inflammable Air.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully break, take away, throw down, displace, or otherwise destroy or damage any Lamp which shall be erected by Order of the said Commissioners, or by any other Person or Persons, at his or their own Expence, for the Purpose of lighting any of the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places, or any Post, Iron, Cover, or Furniture thereof, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights of or in any such Lamp or Lamps, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said Riding, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to

699

4° GEORGII IV. Csj».xxxv.

him made by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, of any such Offence having been committed, to summon before him, or any other Justice of the Peace for the said Riding, the Party or Parties complained of for doing such Damage; and in case of his, her, or their making Default to appear to such Summons (Oath being made that the Party or Parties complained against had been served with such Summons, or that the same had been left at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode, if known) to issue a Warrant for apprehending the Party or Parties accused, (or it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall see such Offence committed, to apprehend, and also for any Person or Persons to assist in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said Riding), and such Justice shall and he is hereby required to proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either on his, her, or their Confession, or upon such Evidence as aforesaid, then and in every such Case he, she, or they shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall besides make a full Satisfaction (to be ascertained by such Justice) to the said Commissioners, or to the Party injured for the Damage so done; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not upon Conviction forthwith pay such Penalty and Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby authorized and required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said Riding, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall carelessly, Penalty on negligently, or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise destroy or "eg%ently damage any Lamp, or the Post, Iron, Cover, or Furniture thereof respec- Lampsg tively, and shall not, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage

done, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said Riding, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint thereof made, to summon before him the Party or Parties so complained of; and upon his, her, or their appearing, or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained against had been served with such Summons, or that the same had been left at his, her, or their usual Dwelling or Place of Abode, if known), such Justice shall proceed to examine the Cause of such Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either by Confession of the Party, or the Oath of any credible Witness, shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party or Parties complained against, for the Damage so done to the said Commissioners, or the Owner or Owners of such Lamp or Lamps, as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable; and in case the Sum so awarded shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby required, to cause the same to be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner as any Fine or Penalty is by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

Streets to be

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall ^tc¥d* and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time to appSntedh

cause &c.

700 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

cause the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places, or such of them as they shall think fit, to be safely and properly watched, and for that Purpose to appoint such Number of ablebodied Men as they shall judge proper, to be employed as Watchmen and as a Patrol, under such Regulations, and subject to such Orders as the said Commissioners shall make and give from Time to Time in that Behalf, and to provide proper Watch-houses, Watch-boxes, or Places for the Reception of such Watchmen and Patrol, and for the safe Custody of such Persons as may be apprehended by such Watchmen or Patrol while on Duty; and to pay such Watchmen or Patrol while on Duty reasonable Wages or Allowances; and also to appoint one or more fit Person or Persons in the Stead of any Watchman or Watchmen, Patrolman or Patrolmen who shall die, or who shall be discharged from his or their Office by the said Commissioners; and also to impose from Time to Time any Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings on any Watchman or Patrolman for every Neglect or Misbehaviour (such Fine to be deducted out of the Wages of such Watchman or Patrolman); and from Time to Time to make such Orders and Regulations as they the said Commissioners shall deem expedient, for the better Government of the Watchmen or Patrolmen to be so appointed; and to repeal such Orders and Regulations, or any of them, and to substitute others, and to give and allow, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, such Rewards or Allowances as they shall think fit to any Watchmen or Patrolmen, or others, who may be disabled or hurt or wounded in the Execution of his or their Office or Duty.

Duty of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

Watchmen. to anci for such Watchmen or Patrolmen, or any of them, and they are hereby required, in their respective Stations, to apprehend and secure, in some proper Place or Places of Security to be for that Purpose appointed, all Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds, idle and disorderly Persons, Disturbers of the public Peace, Prostitutes, and all suspected Persons who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves during the Hours of keeping Watch within the Limits of this Act; and to conduct all such Persons, so soon as conveniently may be, before some Justice of the Peace for the said Riding, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

Watchmen XXXIV- And be it further enacted, That all Watchmen and Patrol-vested with men shall be sworn in as Constables before any Justice or Justices of the

Constables of ^eace t^ie sa^ West Riding, and act as such while in the Execution of ons a es. powers and Authorities of this Act; and they are hereby invested with and shall have and enjoy the like Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Immunities, as any Constable or Constables is or are invested with or have and enjoy by Law.

Penalty on

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler, Alehouse-Persons keeper, or other Person selling spirituous or other Liquors, shall entertain harbouring or harb0ur in his or her House or Outhouse any Watchmen or Night ate men. during any of [fog Hours or Times appointed for the Attendance

on Duty of such Watchman or Night Patrol, by virtue of this Act, then every such Victualler, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

IO XXXVI. And

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

701

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commissioa-to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to cause Stteets^be all the Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places cleansed, within the Limits of this Act, or such of them as they shall think fit, to

be properly cleansed and kept clean j and also to cause the said Streets,

Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places, or such of them as they shall think proper, to be watered from Time to Time; and for those Purposes to employ any Person or Persons, and to purchase or hire any Cart or Carts, or other Carriage or Carriages, and also any Horse or Horses; and to cause the Dirt, Dust, Soil, Dung, Manure, and Filth found in any such Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places, to be taken and carried away.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfu1 Commission-to and for the said Commissioners to enter into any Contract or Con- ^uTcon111^ tracts for paving, flagging, lighting, cleansing, and watering the several tracts. Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places within the said Limits, or for furnishing Materials, or any other Matters or Things necessary for the Purposes of this Act; but before any such Contract or Contracts shall be entered into, Fourteen Days Notice at the least shall be given on the Porch or outer Door of the Parish Church of Knaresbrough aforesaid, expressing the Purpose or Purposes of such Contract or Contracts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the same may make Proposals for that Purpose to the said Commissioners; and they the said Commissioners are hereby required to take Security from every such Contractor for the due Performance of his or her Contract:

Provided always, that every such Contract shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be received or paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works are to be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and also by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively; which Contract or Contracts shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners : Provided always, that the said Commissioners or their respective Estates shall not be liable, in their Individual or Personal Capacity, to any Loss or Preju-. dice, by reason of their signing any such Contract; provided also, that it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, for or on account of any Breach or Non-performance of such Contract or Contracts, at and for such Sum or Sums of Money, or upon such Terms and Conditions as they the said Commissioners shall think proper.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants respective Occupiers of Houses or other Buildings or Tenements, with to sweep the Appurtenances, within the said Limits, and they are hereby required, Paven?ent^ . to cause to be well and sufficiently swept and cleansed the Footways and Houses6 Foot Pavements, before, behind, and at the Sides of their respective

Houses or other Buildings, (as the Situation thereof shall require) every Saturday in every Week; and shall also cause the Dirt and Soil to arise from such sweeping and cleansing to be collected and taken away.

8 P

{Local. 1

702 4° GEORGII IV. .XXXV.

No Person

XXXIX. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person or Persons

DinkbutWay 0t^ t*iaii suc^ Occupjers, or the Person or Persons employed by or Contractors, contracting with the said Commissioners for cleansing the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places, or the Person or Persons employed by or acting under the Direction of the Person or Persons so contracting, shall take or carry away, or cause to be taken and carried away, any Dust, Dung, Manure, Dirt, Ashes, or other Filth, out of any of the Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings : Provided always, that the Ashes, Cinders, Dust, Dirt, Manure, Filth, Soil, Dung, or

Rubbish belonging to any such Occupiers of Houses or other Buildings,

shall not be laid down or placed in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, or other public Passages and Places, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the loading and carrying away the same, under the Penalty of Ten Shillings for every Default.

Parsons re-

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Ashes8 &c reserving any Ashes, Cinders, Dung, Dirt, Manure, Filth, Soil or for their own Rubbish, for his, her, or their own Use, or otherwise, shall wilfully or

Use, not to negligently permit or suffer the same, after being removed from his, her, or

suffer same their Premises, to lay in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Entries and other Streets c" Pu^c Passages and Places, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the Purpose of loading and carrying away the same, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings j and it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons to be appointed by or contracting with the said Commissioners for cleansing the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places, and they are hereby authorized and directed, to take and convert such Ashes, Cinders, Dust, Dirt, Manure, Filth, Soil, Dung, and Rubbish, to his or their own Use and Uses, and to sell and dispose of the same, without rendering any Satisfaction for the same.

Commissioners may hire Room and Office, and Storehouse.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to hire any Room or Building as they shall think fit, in any convenient Part or Parts within the Limits of this Act, for the Purpose of making use thereof, as and for an Office or Offices for keeping their Accounts, holding their Meetings, and transacting the Business relating to this Act, and as a Storehouse or Storehouses for keeping their Implements and Materials, and for other the Purposes of this Act; and to pay out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act, such Yearly Rent or Rents as they the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time agree upon; and also to accept and take a Lease of such Room, Building or Buildings, to themselves or any of them, or any Person or Persons in trust for them, for any Term or Number of Years, at and under such Yearly Rent or Rents as they shall from Time to Time think fit, and to pay such Rent or Rents out of the Monies aforesaid.

Materials vested in Commissioners.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all the Dirt, Dust, Dung, Ashes, and Filth, to be swept, gathered, and collected in or from the said Streets, Ways, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places within the Limits of this Act or any of them 5 and also all Lamps, Lamp Irons,

o Lamp

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

Lamp Posts, and other Materials thereunto belonging, Watch-boxes and Watch-houses, and other Houses or Buildings, and all other Matters, Implements, Materials, and Things which shall be purchased or provided for the Purposes of this Act, shall belong to and be the Property of, and are hereby vested in the Commissioners for executing this Act; and the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be brought, maintained, and preferred, any Action or Actions, Bill or Bills of Indictment, as the Case may require, against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, detain, spoil, injure, or destroy the several Articles, Matters, and Things hereby vested in them the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively it shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient to state generally that the Article or Articles, Matter or Matters, Thing or Things, for or on account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of " the Commissioners for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving the Town of Knaresbrough, in the West Riding of the County of York, and that Part of the Township of Scriven-with-Tentergate which adjoins the said Town, and is called Tentergate,* without particularly stating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall have Power and Authority from Time to Time to sell and dispose of, for the Purposes of this Act, all or any of the said Articles, Matters, and Things as shall at any Time hereafter not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, or any Part or Parts of the same respectively, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and shall apply the Money to arise thereby towards the Purposes of this Act j and if any Person shall maliciously or wilfully break up, injure, destroy, or otherwise damage any of the Articles, Matters, or Things hereby vested in the said Commissioners, or to be affixed, placed, or laid by their Direction or Authority, or in compliance with any Contract or Agreement to be made or entered into by or between the said Commissioners and any Person or Persons whomsoever, or any of the Works to be done in pursuance of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIII. And for raising Money for defraying the Expences attending the obtaining of this Act, and carrying into Execution the several Purposes thereof, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, when and so often as they shall think necessary, to make One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments in every Year, to be signed by the said Commissioners, upon the Tenants or Occupiers of all Dwelling Houses, Shops, Workhouses, Workshops, Mills, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, and other Buildings, Cellars and Vaults within the Limits aforesaid, and upon the several Gardens or Yards thereto respectively belonging, according to the Annual Value of the same respectively, as estimated from Time to Time in the respective Rates for the Relief of the Poor; such Rate or Rates* Assessment or Assessments not to exceed in any One Year the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound, subject to an Appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said West Riding; and the Money or Monies so rated

Rates

fixed.

704

Rates to be paid by Landlords in certain Cases.

Exemption from Rates.

Recovery of Rates from Persons quitting the Premises rated.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap,xxxv.

or assessed on the said Tenants or Occupiers, shall be paid by them respectively to the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners to collect the same $ and if any Tenant or Occupier of any such Premises shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her Proportion or Proportions of any of the said Rates or Assessments respectively, to the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners to collect the same, for the Space of Fourteen Days after Demand made thereof, at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of such Tenant or Occupier, the same shall be levied and recovered on and from all and every such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers so neglecting or refusing, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the said Riding, such Defaulter having been first duly summoned by such Justice or Justices to appear before him or them, at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, to shew, cause for such Neglect or Refusal; and the Overplus (if any) of the Monies to be raised by such Distress and Sale shall be returned on D -mand to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained and sold, together with what shall remain unsold, after deducting all Costs, Charges, and Expences previous to and attending such Distress and Sale, such Costs, Charges, and Expences to be ascertained and directed by the said Justice or Justices; and in Default of such Distress, it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices to commit such Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the West Riding of the County of York, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been found to be due and in arrear upon all or any such Assessment or Assessments as aforesaid, together with ail Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, such Costs, Charges, and Expences to be ascertained and directed by the said Justice or Justices.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Sum charged by each Assessment on every Dwelling House not therein valued at a higher Rate than Fifty Shillings per Annum, shall at all Times be paid by th$ Landlord, and not the Tenant.

XLV. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That none of the Rates or Assessments which shall be made by virtue of this Act shall be laid upon or in respect of any Garden used or occupied by Gardeners for the Purposes of their Trade, nor the Tolls of the Fairs or Markets, Gaoler’s House, Court Houses, Court Office, Prisons, Sessions House, or public or charity Schools.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their House or Houses, Shop or Shops, Warehouse or Warehouses, Coach House or Coach Houses, Stable or Stables, Cellar or Cellars, or other Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditaments whereon any Rate or Assessment shall be made by virtue of this Act, before he, she, or they shall have paid such Rate, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to pay the same when demanded of such Person or Persons, or

705

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, by the Collector of such Rates, or other Person authorized by the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, and he and they is and are hereby required, to grant a Warrant or Warrants of Distress under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals (on Oath being made before him or them by the said Collector or Person as aforesaid), of such Person or Persons having been so rated, and of his, her, or their having quitted the Premises as aforesaid, and of the said Rate or Assessment having been demanded of or from or at the then Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer), authorizing and directing the Constable or Constables of the Parish, Township, or Place, or other Person or Persons to be specially directed by such Warrant, to distrain the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay, and to sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any), after having retained the Rate or Assessment, and all Arrears thereof, and all the Costs and Charges of such Warrant, Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively; and in Default of such Distress, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, to cause such Defaulter to be apprehended and brought before him, and to commit such Defaulter to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said Riding, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Sums of Money as shall have been found to be due and in arrear upon any such Assessment or Assessments as aforesaid, together with all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, such Costs, Charges, and Expences to be ascertained and directed by such Justice or Justices.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall remove from or quit the Possession of any House, Building, Land, Ground, or other Tenement or Hereditaments, the Tenant or Occupier whereof shall be rated or assessed, or be liable to be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, every such Person or Persons so removing from or quitting the same shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment, in Proportion to the Time that such Person or Persons occupied the same respectively, and in like Manner as if such Person or Persons had not removed from or quitted the Possession of the same; and in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any House, Building, Ground, or other Tenement or Hereditaments, rated or assessed or liable to be rated or assessed as aforesaid, out of or from which any other Person or Persons shall have removed, or which at the Time of making any such Rate or Assessment, was empty and unoccupied, the Person or Persons coming in or occupying the same shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment, although his, her, or their Name or Names may not be inserted in such Rate or Assessment, in Proportion to the Time that such Person or Persons shall occupy the same respectively, and in like Manner as if such Person or Persons had been originally rated or assessed by Name in such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments; which said Proportions, in case of Dispute, shall be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners.

Persons removing tp pay in Proportion.

8 Q

XLVIIL Ana

706

Landlord to pay for furnished Lodgings.

Commissioners may borrow Money.

Form of Mortgage.

Money may be raised on Annuities.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person, being Landlord or Tenant, who shall let his or her House in separate Apartments, or ready-furnished, to any Lodger or Lodgers, or for any less Term than One Year, shall and may be rated and assessed to the Rate or Rates by this Act directed to be raised, levied, and recovered, in such and the like Manner as if he or she were the actual Occupier thereof.

XLIX. And for the more speedy and effectual raising of Money for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be laid and collected by virtue of this Act; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or assign over the said Rates or Assessments, or any Part thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Money so to be borrowed, together with Interest for the same; and every such Mortgage or Assignment may be according to the Form following; (that is to say),

:by. virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [set forth the Title of this Act], we of the Commissioners appointed by or by virtue of the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of

paid to us by A.B. [insert the Name, Place of Abode, and Addition of the 4 Lender] for the Purposes of the said Act, do grant and assign unto the said A. B.j his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, [or, to his e Trustee or Trustees, as the Case may require] such Proportion of the

* Rates or Assessments arising by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which is or shall be bor-

* rowed upon the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments, to be had and

holden from this Day until the said Sum of , with Interest

henceforth for the same, at the Rate of per Centum per Annum9

* to be paid Half-yearly, shall be fully repaid and satisfied. In witness

whereof, we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, this Day

4 of in the Year of our Lord .*

And every such Mortgage or Assignment shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, provided that the whole Sum to be charged on the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments shall not at any Time exceed the Sum of Five thousand Pounds: Provided always, that in case the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think it advisable to raise all or any Part of the said Sum by the granting of Annuities for the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to grant any Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of every such Person as shall be nominated by or on behalf of such Contributor, at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money; and the Grant of

• every

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

every such Annuity may be according to the Form following; (that is to say),

4 "D Y virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King Form of c George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act], of An"

* we, being of the Commissioners appointed

c by virtue of the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of

‘ paid to us by A.B. [insert the Name, Place of Abode, and Addition of the Lender], for the Purposes of the said Act, do hereby grant unto

‘ the said A. B., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, One Annuity c or yearly Sum of out of the Rates or Assessments

‘ arising by virtue of the said Act, which Annuity or yearly Sum of e shall be paid to the said A.B., his Executors, Admini-

‘ strators, and Assigns, at the House or Office of the Clerk to the said c Commissioners quarterly, upon the Day of,

c the Day of the Day of,

‘ and the Day of , in every Year during the

c natural Life of; the first Payment thereof to be made

f upon the Day of next ensuing the Date hereof.

f In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, this

‘ Day of , in the Year of our Lord

And every such Grant shall be a good, valid, and effectual Security in Annuities Law for the Payment of such Annuity; which said several Annuities so charged upon to be purchased shall be made payable and be paid quarterly during the ^ates» ^c* natural Lives of such Contributors respectively, or the natural Life or Lives of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by such respective Contributors, and a proportionate Part of such Annuity shall be paid from the last Quarter Day Payment, to the Day of the Death of the Annuitant, or his or her Cestuique vie; and the said Commissioners shall pay the said Annuities freed and discharged from every Tax and Deduction whatsoever.

L. And for preventing any improvident Grant of Annuities under Rates of An-jhis Act, be it further enacted, That no Annuities shall be granted by nuitjeson virtue of this Act, for any single Life, at any higher Rate than the fol- jilted lowing; (that is to say), when the Age of the Annuitant, or the Person for whose Life the Annuity shall be granted, shall not exceed Thirty-five Years, the Annuity to be granted shall at most be Eight Pounds Three Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money paid for the Purchase thereof; where the Age of such Person shall exceed Thirty-five, but not exceed Forty Years, the Annuity to be granted shall at most be Eight Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of such Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall exceed Forty, but not exceed Forty-five Years, the Annuity shall at most be Nine Pounds for each One hundred Poupds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall exceed Forty-five, but not exceed Fifty Years, the Annuity shall at most be Nine Pounds Twelve Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the "Age of such Person shall exceed Fifty, but not exceed Fifty-five Years, the Annuity shall at most be Ten Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall exceed Fifty-five, but not exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity shall at most be Eleven Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred ' Pounds

708

Power to borrow Money at lower Interest, to discharge Securities at higher.

Mode of

transferring

Securities.

Entries to be made of

Securities.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall exceed Sixty, but not exceed Sixty-five Years, the Annuity shall at most be Twelve Pounds Seventeen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall exceed Sixty-five, but not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity shall at most be Fifteen Pounds One Shilling for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; and where the Age of such Person shall exceed Seventy, but not exceed Seventy-five Years, the Annuity shall at most be Eighteen Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners can at any Time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a lower Rate of Interest than the Mortgages, Assignments, or Securities which shall be then in force shall bear, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to charge the said Rates or Assessments in manner aforesaid, with such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit or proper, and the Interest thereof at such lower Rate aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge the Mortgages, Assignments, and Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money borrowed, or for the Annuities granted as aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands to transfer the same respectively to any Person or Persons, according to the Form following, or any other Form of Words to the like Purport or Effect, as the Case may be; (videlicet),

I A.B. [insert the Name, Place of Abode, and Addition of the Person e assigning] do hereby assign the within Mortgage [or Grant of the 1 within mentioned Annuity], and all my Right and Title in and to the

* Principal Money and Interest [or Annuity], and all Arrears now due

* thereon and thereby secured, unto C.D. [insert the Name, Place of Abode% 6 and Addition of the intended Assignee], his Executors, Administrators,

* and Assigns. Dated this Day of in the Year

( of our Lord .’

And Entries or Memorials of all such Mortgages or Assignments and Grants of Annuities be made in pursuance of this Act, and of all Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Name, Additions and Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall from Time to Time be entitled to the Principal Money and Interest, or the Annuities thereby respectively secured, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, to which Book any Person interested shall at all Times have Access, and shall at all Times have free Liberty to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Transfer or Assignment, the said Clerk shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and every such Transfer and Assignment, after such Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Grant thereby transferred; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Grants of Annuities shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Monies or Annuities thereby secured, shall be, in

Proportion

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv. 709

proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on the said Rates or Assessments equally one with another, without any Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages, Assignments, or Grants respectively.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Money to arise by the said Application Rates, Assessments, and other Monies hereby granted, or to be levied or recovered by virtue of this Act, and which may be borrowed on the Commis-Credit thereof, shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, sioner*. or to such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and shall be applied and disposed of, in the first Place, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences which shall be incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act; and in the next Place, in paying and discharging the Interest of the Monies which shall be borrowed, and the Annuities which shall be granted under this Act; and then from Time to Time in defraying the Charges and Expences of paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places of and in the said Town of Knares-trough, and that Part of the said Township of Scriven-with-Tentergate which adjoins the said Town; and in paying and defraying all Expences which the said Commissioners and other Officers shall necessarily sustain and be put unto in carrying this Act into Execution, or in prosecuting or defending any Prosecutions, Actions, or Suits, in any Manner relative to the Execution of this Act, or of any thing to be done under or by virtue of the same, and for such other Uses and Purposes as are herein expressed; and the Residue of all such Monies shall be paid and applied in reducing, paying off, and discharging all such Principal Sums as shall be borrowed as aforesaid.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commis-Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and re- sioners may quired from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to cause all En- abate and croachments. Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances in the Streets, Nuisances. Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places within the Limits of this Act to be abated and removed, in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Person to erect or place any Penthouse, Shed, or Sign Post, so as to be an Obstruction in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, or other public Passages and Places, upon Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence; such Penalty to be levied and recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act directed to be recovered.

LV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Regulating Act, all Spouts and Pipes for conveying Water from the Roofs of Houses Cellar Doors or other Buildings into the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, or other public or Flaps. Passages and Places, shall be made or placed so as to convey such Water from such Roofs, close to the Face or Side of such Houses or Buildings, down to the Ground or Pavement, under a Penalty of Twenty Shillings for every Day the same shall remain placed contrary to the Directions of this Act, after Notice in Writing for the Purpose from the said Commissioners shall have been left One full Week at such House or Building for the Occupier thereof, such Penalty to be paid by such Occupier; and \LocaL] 8 R where

710 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

where any Opening is now or may hereafter be made in the paving or flagging of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, or other public Passages and Places, as an Entrance into, or for the Purpose of carrying Coals or other Articles into, any Vault or Cellar, whether such Vault or Cellar be inhabited or uninhabited, or for the Purpose of carrying Light into any Room or Cellar, or for any other Purpose, the Door, lad or Lids, Flap or Flaps, Covering or Grating, to such Opening, shall be made (at the Expence of the Occupier of the Cellar, Kitchen, Building, or other Pre? mises to which such Opening shall communicate) of Iron, or such other Materials, and of such Dimensions, and in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners shall direct and approve of; and every such Door, Lid, Flap, Grating, or Covering, shall from Time to Time be repaired, varied, and altered, at the like Expence of the Person or Persons for whose Use and Benefit the same shall be possessed and enjoyed, and in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint; and in case any Person or Persons shall cause any such Grating or Covering to be made, repaired, varied or altered, or shall neglect or refuse to make, repair, vary or alter such Grating or Covering, contrary to such Direction or Appointment as aforesaid, or shall cause or permit any such Cellar Door, Cellar Lid, Flap, or Cover within the said Limits to be left open, at any Time between Sun-setting and Sun-rising, on any Pretence whatsoever, without the same being well and sufficiently lighted and guarded, so as to prevent Accidents from happening, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and also any further Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Week the said Offence shall be continued.

Penalty on

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall,

obstructing upon any of the Footways or Foot Pavements in any of the Streets,

Causeways, Lanes, Entries, and other public Passages and Places within the said Limits, run, draw, drive, or carry thereon any Wheel-sledge, Wheelbarrow, Hand-barrow, Bier, or Carriage whatsoever, or roll any Cask or Tub other than for the necessary loading and unloading thereof, upon, from, or out of any Carriage Road or Footway, further than the Extent of the Premises in the Occupation of the Person from or to whose House or Building such Cask or Tub shall be rolled; or if any Person shall wilfully drive any Cart or Carriage whatsoever, or shall ride, lead, or drive any Horse or other Beast, or any Cattle whatsoever, on any of the said Footways and Foot Pavements; or set up, affix, or use any Stall, Standing Block, or Working Place thereon, or so near thereto as to obstruct the passing thereon; or put or place any Cask, Tub, Pail, Bucket^ Stool, Bench, Stall, or any other Matter or Thing, and suffer it to remain so as in any Manner to cause any Obstruction or Impediment in the Footway or on the Foot Pavement; or shall in any Street, Lane, Entry, or other public Passage or Place within the Limits of this Act, hoop, fire, cleanse, wash, or scald any Cask or Tub, or hew, saw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bore any Timber; or 'make or repair any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage, (except such as may want immediate Repair from any sudden Accident on the Spot, Or which cannot be conveniently removed for that Purpose, such unavoidable Repair to be done and completed with all convenient Speed); or if any Person shall hang out or cause to be hung out, any Linen or Cloth, or any Article of Wearing Apparel, or other Article, for the Purpose of Sale,

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

or of airing the same, upon or from any Door or Window within any Street, Lane, Entry, or other public Passage or Place within the Limits of this Act, or fix or tie up any Line, Rope, or Cord, for any such Purpose; or if any Person shall, in or upon any such Street, Lane, Entry, or other public Passage, shoe, bleed, farry, or kill any Horse or other Beast or Cattle, (except in case of Accident); or if any Person shall, within any such Street, Lane, Entry* or other public Passage or Place, show or expose any Stallion, or expose to Sale any Horse or other Beast, (the Market Days and the Days allowed for the holding of Fairs only ex-? cepted), or turn loose any Horse, Mule, Ass, Pig, or other Beast; or if any Person shall make or assist in making of any Bonfire, or shall wantonly let off or fire any Gun, Pistol, Blunderbuss, or other Fire-arms, or shall wantonly let off any Serpent or Rocket, or throw any Cracker, Squib, or other Fireworks, or play at Football, or any other Game or Games; or shall wilfully break, or aid, abet or assist in wilfully breaking any Glass Pane or Window* Panes or Windows, in or belonging to any Dwelling House or other Building; or if any Person shall kill or slaughter, or shall scald, singe, dress, or cut up any Animal, either wholly or in part, in any of such Streets, Lanes, Entries, or other public Pas* sages and Places; or cause or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughter-house, Butcher’s Shop or Shambles, into the same or any of them; Or shall cause any Privy or Necessary House within the Limits of this Act to be emptied (except between the Hours of Twelve at Night and Four in the Morning); or shall at any Time throw out of any Door or Window, upon any such Footway, or into any such Streets, Lanes, Entries, or other public Passages or Places, any Filth; or shall lay or deposit, or shall cause or permit to be laid or deposited the Contents of any such Privy or Necessary House, or any Part thereof, in any Street, Lane, Entry, or other public Passage and Place, or upon any Footway within the Limits of this Act; or shall for the Purpose of obtaining or collecting Manure, or for any other Purpose, stop up or impede the Passage of any Common Sewer, Ditch, or Watercourse; or shall empty, convey or discharge any Filth or Rubbish into any common Sewer or public Drain; or if any Person or Persons shall permit or suffer his, her, or their Mastiff, Bull Dog, or any other dangerous Animal to go at large without being safely and sufficiently muzzled; or if the Driver of any .Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall in any of the said Streets, Lanes; Entries, or other public Passages or Places, ride on the Shafts, or in or upon any Part of such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, without Reins, or on any of the Worses or Cattle drawing the same; or if any Person riding any Horse or Beast, or driving any Sort of Carriage* shall ride or drive the same furiously, so as to endanger the Life or Licnb of any Pas-; senger; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully hinder, obstruct, or prevent the free Passage of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, Ways, Footways, or other public Passages and Places; or if any Person meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his or her Carriage on the Left or Near Side of the said Road, or if any Person or Persons having the Care of or driving any Waggon, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage (not being a Cart or Caravan driven by a Person with Reins and sitting therein), shall not readily and promptly turn out of the Road on meeting Horses or .Carriages, so as to leave proper and sufficient Quarter for such Horses and Carriages, or shall commit or permit any other Kind of Obstruction or Annoyance in or upon any

Street,

712

Proriso in favour of Builders.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv.

Street, Lane, Entry, or other public Passage or Place within the Limits of this Act, then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any Officer appointed by virtue of this Act, or for any Constable, to take away and remove any , of the before-mentioned Obstructions, in case the Party occasioning the same shall not remove the same within a reasonable Time after being required so to do by any Person or Persons whomsoever; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable or other Peace Officer, or any One of the said Commissioners, or any Officer or other Person acting by or under their Authority by virtue of this Act, and without any Warrant whatsoever, to seize and apprehend any such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them, before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, in order to his, her, or their Conviction of such Offence: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder any Person or Persons from placing any Stall, Booth, Stool, Bench or Form for the Sale of Goods or Wares, or from exposing to Sale any Meat, Poultry, Vegetables, Fruit, or any other Matter or Thing in any Street, Lane, Entry, or other public Passage or Place, within the Limits of this Act, so as the same does not prevent the free Passage of Persons passing through or along the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, or other public Passages or Places.

LVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject to any Penalty by virtue of this Act, for or on account of any Building Materials, Rubbish, or Dirt, being in or upon any of the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, or other public Passages and Places, before or near the House or Building of such Person, occasioned by the building or pulling down, rebuilding or repairing such House or Building, so as there be convenient Room left for Carriages to pass, and a sufficient Way kept clean for Foot Passengers, and so as the Owner or Occupier of such House or Building do cause such Materials, Rubbish, and Dirt to be removed out of the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, or other public Passages and Places, within a reasonable Time after such building, pulling down, or repairing shall be finished, or upon Notice to be given to him or her, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and so that during the Time the same shall be lying in such Street, Lane, Entry, or other public Passage and Place, such Owner or Occupier shall guard and fence off the same, either by a temporary Railing or otherwise, and also set up and maintain a sufficient Light or Lights during the whole of the Night-time, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, to prevent Accidents and Mischief happening therefrom: Provided also, that in case any Person so placing such Materials, Rubbish, or Dirt in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Entries, or other public Passages or Places, shall not, during the whole of the Night, effectually guard and fence off the same, and also set up and maintain a sufficient Number of Lights so as to prevent Accidents or Mischief happening therefrom, every Person making Default in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

4° GEORGII IV; Cap,xxxv.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be. lawful for th$ said Commissioners, from Time to Time at any of their said Meetings, to make such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Bye-laws (not inconsistent with or repugnant to any of the Directions or Provisions contained in this Act, or any Law or Statute of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England), for the Regulation of their own Proceedings, or for the good Conduct and Government of the Officers, Servants, and other Persons employed by the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time to alter vary, revoke, or make void any of their Rules, Orders, Regulations and By e-laws, at their Discretion, and to fix and appoint such reasonable Fines and Penalties for the Breach or Non-performance of any such Rule, Order, Regulation, and Bye-law, or any Part thereof, as to them shall seem expedient, so that no such Fine or Penalty shall exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings for any one Offence; all which Rules, Orders, Regulations and Bye-laws so as aforesaid from Time to Time made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be observed and obeyed in all things by the said Commissioners, and all Persons acting under their Orders and Authority; provided that Copies of the several Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Bye-laws by this Act authorized to be made, shall be fairly written out or printed, and signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall be placed or affixed in some conspicuous Place within the Limits aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall direct; provided also, that all such Rules, Orders, Regulations and Bye-laws shall be subject to Appeal in Manner herein-after mentioned.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That, if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matter contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on behalf of the Prosecutor, or on behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and shall refuse or neglect to appear from Time to Time, at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her, or their Costs, and Expences, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect of appearing, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or in case of a Quaker or Quakers, on solemn Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer), and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, then and in every such Case every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered as is herein-before directed as to other Penalties imposed by the Authority of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted or imposed by this Act, or by virtue of any Rule, Order, or Bye-law made in pursuance thereof (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby particularly directed), may, in case of Nonpayment thereof, be recovered in a summary Way, by the Order and Adjudication of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said West Riding of the County of York, on Complaint to him or them for that Purpose exhibited $ and afterwards be levied, as well as the Costs of [Local.'] 8 S such

11&

Commissioners may make Bye-laws.

Penalty on Non-attendance of Witnesses.

Recovery and Application of Forfeitures.

714

For securing transient Offenders.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap . XXXV.

such Proceedings, on Nonpayment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or respective Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such One or more Justice or Justices, who is and are hereby authorized and required to summon and examine any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, of and concerning such Offences, Matters, and Things, and hear and determine the same; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money raised or recovered, after discharging the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture for which such Warrant shall be issued, and the Costs and Expences of recovering and levying the same, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so seized and distrained; all which Penalties, not herein directed to be otherwise applied, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners for the Time being, to be applied for the general Purposes of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice or Justices to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, unless the said Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his, her, or their Appearance before the said Justice or Justices, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to take, by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if, upon the Return of such "Warrant or Warrants, it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had whereupon to levy the said Penalty or Penalties, and such Costs as aforesaid, and the same shall not be forthwith paid, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required and empowered, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to any Common Gaol or House of Correction in the said Riding, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until such Offender or Offenders shall have fully paid such Penalty or Penalties, and all Costs and Charges attending such Proceedings as aforesaid, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices, or shall otherwise be discharged by due Course of Law.

LXI. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Commissioners, Collectors, or other Officers appointed to put the same in Execution, be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk or Clerks, Collectors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons as shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and to take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, or such Offender or Offenders shall be seized and apprehended, and such Justice and Justices shall and is and are hereby required to proceed and act with respect to such Offender or Offenders, according to the Provisions of this Act.

Yorkshire (to

c

Day of Form of Conviction.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv. 715

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the Form following; that is to say,

vshire, 1 ‘ T|E it remembered, That on the wit.) J £ in the Year of our Lord

is convicted before me of His

‘ Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of of

f having [here specify the Offence or Omission, and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the Case may be\ and I [or we, as the Case may be\ c do adjudge, that the said hath forfeited for his [or her

‘ said Offence, the Sum of . Given under my Hand and

‘ Seal [or our Hands and Seals, as the Case may be], the Day and Year f first above written/

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distress not made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, unlawful for the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularities may recover Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Case.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Body or Appeal to be Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons whom- made to the soever, thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or 9uarter Ses' Assessment, or by any Order or Judgment of the said Commissioners, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, may within Three Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said West Riding j the Person or Persons appealing having first given at least Fourteen clear Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, as the Case may be, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice or Justices of the Peace, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justice or Justices, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, shall, in a summary Way, hear and determine such Complaint, at such General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace; or if he or they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, or Place in which the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and shall and may also award such Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, or such Costs to either of the Parties, as they shall judge reasonable and proper; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

716

Justices may relieve on Appeal from Rates of Commissioners without quashing the Whole,

Inhabitants may be Witnesses.

Plaintiff not to recover after Tender of Amends.

Limitations of Actions.

General Issue.

4° GEORGII IV.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any Appeal from the said Rates or Assessments, or any of them, to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, the Justices at the General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said West Riding, or at any Adjournment thereof, shall and may amend the same in such Manner as may be necessary for the giving Relief, without quashing or altering such Rates or Assessments with respect to other Persons mentioned therein; but if upon Appeal against the whole Rate or Assessment, it shall be found necessary to set aside the same, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to order a new Rate or Assessment to be made in manner herein directed.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall in any Action, Prosecution, or other Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, be deemed an incompetent Witness on account of his or her being charged with or liable to pay any Rate or Assessment to be raised, levied, and collected by virtue of this Act.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-eight Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender be made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think proper, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Matters herein contained, after Three Calendar Months from the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County, Riding, or Place where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere j and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, shall or may, at his or their Election, plead specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial, and that the same was done in pursuance and under the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Twenty^eight Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, Riding, or Place than as aforesaid, then and in any of the said Cases, the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or 5 their

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv. 717

their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or upon any Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering Treble Costs, the same as any other Defendant or Defendants have or hath in other Gases by Law.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as In case of often as any Sum of Money shall be directed or ordered by any Justice or ^"j^fCom-Justices of the Peace to be paid in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, pensation for as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damage, &c. Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever done or done by the committed by the said Commissioners, or any Person acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by to j,e levied the said Commissioners to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, by Distress, within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices from the Clerk to the said Commissioners or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him qr them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Cognizance Justices em-is given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall and powered to may be lawful tqVand for such Justice and Justices of the Peace to ad- J^nister minister an Oath to any Person for his or their more certain Information in the Matter then depending; and if any Person or Persons shall upon his or their Examination on Oath, before any Justice or Justices, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law in force and effect Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in commis-this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any sioners, &c. Person or Persons from proceeding by Indictment or otherwise against liable to be any of the Officers, Servants, or Workmen of the said Commissioners, or of any Company of Proprietors or other Persons contracting to light 1 f Local'] 8 T

or

718

Saving Rights to Pis Majesty.

No Proceeding to be removed by Certiorari.

[Public Act.]

4° GEORGII IV.

or lighting with Gas as aforesaid, in respect of any Works or the Means which shall be employed by them or any of them in making the said Gas and using the same, or furnishing such Light as aforesaid, as a public or private Nuisance, or from bringing any Action or Actions against the said Commissioners, Company or Companies of Proprietors, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works, or the Use of the said Gas, or the Method of lighting therewith, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Preparation or the Use of the same Gas, or Method of lighting, or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of any of the Persons employed therein, or from any other Cause whatsoever.

LXXII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as well in right of His Crown, as in right of His Duchy of Lancaster, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs and Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Rights and Interests as they and every of them had, held, and enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or ought to have had, held, or enjoyed, in case the same had not been made, other than and except such Rights and Interests as are herein-before mentioned or intended to be taken away, extinguished, or lessened, changed, varied, or modified.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Judgment, or other Proceeding, made touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823,

8

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Rochdale> and the Neighbourhood thereof, within the Parish of Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS the Town of Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster is a large and populous Place, and it would contribute much to the Safety and Advantage of the Inhabitants and the Public at large if the Streets and other public Passages and Places therein, and the Suburbs and Vicinity thereof, were lighted : And whereas Inflammable Air, Carburetted Hydrogen, Coal Gas, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor and Essential Oil may be produced from Coal and other Materials : And whereas the said Inflammable Air Carburetted Hydrogen or Coal Gas, being conveyed by means of Pipes, may be used for lighting the several Streets, Highways, Squares, Market Places, Courts, Yards, Passages, Bridges, Lanes and other Places within the said Town of Rochdale, and the Neighbourhood and Environs thereof, within the Parish of Rochdale aforesaid, and for lighting Shops, Inns, Taverns, private Houses, Warehouses, public Works, Manufactories and other Buildings; and the said Coke may be usefully employed as Fuel, and the said Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor and Essential Oil may be used and applied in various other Ways with great Advantage: And whereas the several Persons herein-after named are willing and desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, to effect the several beneficial Purposes aforesaid $ but the same cannot be carried fully and completely into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and ILocaU] 8 17 be

722

4° GEORGII IV. xxxvi.

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Proprietors Jacob Bright, Joseph Brierley, Benjamin Barlow, Brierley,

incorporated J0sepfj Butterworth (Broker), John Brierley, Joseph Butterworth (Wool-pany? °m" stapler), James Butterworth, Charles Butterworth, Robert Baker, Thomas Booth, Edward Ball, Isaac Ball, Charles Ball, Benjamin Butterworth, Walter Dunlop, John Entwisle, John Ecroyd, James Ecroyd, Joseph Fletcher, Joseph Fenton, John Holt, George Holt, Mary Ho//, John Holme, William Holme, James Hardman, Lawrence Hardman, Daniel Hyde, Jahn Holland, John Jones, John Lee, Samuel Lomax, George Law, James Midgley, John Marriott, Mary Metcalf, Alice Pilling, Pilling,

Alexander Petrie, John Petrie, James Royds, Clement Royds, Thomas Samuel Rawson, John Roby, William Robinson, James Stott, Robert Shepherd, James Shaw, William Tew, Ann Taylor, Thomas Wilkinson, Margaret Wood the younger, John Whitehead, Joseph Wood, and all and every such other Person or Persons as from Time to Time shall become a Subscriber or Subscribers, and be duly admitted a Proprietor or Proprietors, as herein-after mentioned, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall be and they are hereby Their Style, declared to be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of " The Rochdale Gas Light and Coke Company and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession dnd a Common Seal; and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, at Law or in Equity, and shall and may prefer and prosecute any Bill or Bills of‘ Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall commit any Felony, Misdemeanor, or other Offence indictable by the Laws of this Realm; and the said Company shall be established for the Purpose of producing Inflammable Air, Carburetted Hydrogen, Coal Gas, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, and for lighting with Gas the said Town of Rochdale and the Neighbourhood and Environs thereof within the said Parish, and shall have full Power from Time to Time to make Contracts, or agree with any Commissioners, Directors, Trustees, Surveyors of Highways within the said Parish, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or with any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastic, or Corporation or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who may be willing and desirous to contract or agree with the said Company, for the lighting of the said Town of Rochdale, and the Neighbourhood and Environs thereof, within the said Parish, and each or any of them respectively, or of any public Streets, Highways, Roads, Squares, Market Places, Courts, Yards, Passages, Bridges, Lanes or public Buildings, Manufactories, Warehouses and Shops, Inns or private Houses, or other Erections or Buildings of whatever Denomination the same may be, or any of them, in the said Town of Rochdale, and the Neighbourhood or Environs thereof, within the Limits aforesaid, or each or any of them j and to sell and dispose of such Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Arn-moniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, and other Products as aforesaid.

Power to contract for the Purchase of Lands and Buildings.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company (or their Committee for the Time being), and they are hereby respectively empowered to treat, contract, and agree for the absolute Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi. 723

said Town of Rochdale, or the Neighbourhood or Environs thereof, within' the said Parish, for the Purposes of this Act, (not exceeding Three Statute Acres in the whole), with any Body Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastic, or any Tenant or Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, or with any Feoffees in Trust, Trustees, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians or Committees of or for Lunatics or Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, or with any Femes Covert who1 are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or with any other Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be willing to sell the same, or his, her, or their Right and Interest in the same, for the Uses, and Purposes of this Act; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money for any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England in manner by this Act directed (as the Case may be), such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments may be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act; and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be divested of all Right and Title, Claim or Reversion to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and the same Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall vest in the Rochdale Gas Light and Coke Company; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to hold any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and any Term,

Right, and Interest therein, so purchased, without incurring or being subject or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or of any other Law or Statute whatsoever; and also at any Time or Times thereafter to sell or dispose of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them, as they shall think proper, and from Time to Time to purchase and hold other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments more suitable for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, and again to sell the same in like Manner, so that such Lands and Grounds do not at any Time exceed Three Statute Acres in the whole in Measure.

III. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors are enabled to pur- Restraining chase Three Statute Acres of Land by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes °pany thereof, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations chaTingUmore Aggregate or Sole, and all other Persons whomsoever, are empowered to than Three sell such Quantity or Number of Acres to the said Company: And Acres of whereas it is expedient to restrain the said Company from selling any such Lands so purchased from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Col- ec[ pers0ns, legiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for &c. Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands,

Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants,

Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to w’hom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, and again purchasing other Lands from the same or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole,

Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust,

Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, in lieu or stead of the Lands so sold; be it

therefore

Power to resell Lands not wanted.

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to sell.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi.

therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to purchase from'any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees, for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, more than such Three Statute Acres; and in case the said Company shall afterwards sell the whole or any Part of such Three Statute Acres so purchased, it shall not be lawful for the said Company to purchase of, or for the same or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, to f7sell to the said Company any other Lands in lieu or stead of those Three Statute Acres, or any Part thereof, so sold or disposed of by the said Company.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company from Time to Time to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture or Indentures under their Common Seal to grant and convey by way of abso-late Sale in Fee Simple, for a competent Consideration in Money, all or any Part or Parts of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which may have been so purchased, and which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by or from the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Part or Parts thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer (if only One, or if more than One, for the Treasurers who, if engaged in Partnership together, may sign in their Style or Firm by any One of such Firm) for the Time being to the said Company, to sign and give a Receipt or Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipt or Receipts shall be a sufficient Discharge to any Purchaser or Purchasers for the Money therein and thereby expressed or acknowledged to be received m, and such Purchaser or Purchasers having bond fide paid the same, and obtained such Receipt or Receipts for the same, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate or Ecclesiastic, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability of acting for himself, herself, or themselves, and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall

725

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi.

shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which the said Company are herein enabled to purchase as aforesaid, for the Use and Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Company for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate,

Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever of, in, and to the same, to the said Company for the Purposes of this Act; and all Contracts, Bargains, Sales* and Conveyances which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, and without Enrolment, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their said several Cestuique Trusts, and all Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, and of all Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion expectant on any such particular Estate, and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar the Dower and Dowers of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law, any Law, Statute, or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate or Ecclesiastic, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail,

General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and ^very other Person and Persons is and are and shall be hereby indemnified for what he, she, or they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of thi?

Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be contracted Application or agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be Pj Purchase purchased by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, an°oUnting which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, Collegiate or Eccle- to 2001. siastic, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte 46 The Rochdale Gas Light and Coke Company," together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as any Three or more of the Committee of Management of the said Company shall by Writing signed by them direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts,

[Local.'] 8 I or

726

When less than 2002. and exceeding 202.

When not exceeding

202.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap.KxMi.

stanch other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing and being settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes 5 or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court) in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and updh such and the like Uses, Trusts, Wills, Intents and Purposes, and in the Same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time bfe paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so contracted or agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Body Politic, Corporate, Collegiate or Ecclesiastic, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or any Person or Per* softs under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cases of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy (to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to the Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid* at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved by Three or more of the said Committee (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing tinder the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction ©r Approbation of the High Court of Chancery.

'> ww ‘

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so contracted and agreed to be paid as last before mentioned, shall not

4° GEORGII I?. 727

not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds* then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents attd Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Committee or any Three or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, then to his, heiv or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Ques- In cases of tion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England^ in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- perS(In in countant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this possession to Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of be deemed any Estate, Right, or Intere?* in any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- the °wner* ments to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some other Estate or Interest therein.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of Expences of

any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation en- Purchases by • j x j t i whom to pc

titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under paid

the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the High Court of Chancery, or to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments* to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money so On Payment contracted or agreed to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tene- of Purchase ments, or Hereditaments, by the said Company, to the Party or Parties, ^ises'vested or Person or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or their Agents, in the

or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, for the Purpose of pany. being disposed of in manner herein-before directed (as the Case may be), and upon the Conveyance in manner herein-after directed of such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use,

Trust, Property, Claim and Demand, in Law or Equity, of the Party and Parties and Person and Persons respectively to whom or for whose Use

the

728

Form of Conveyance.

Subscriptions for Joint Stock not to exceed 12,000l.

Subscribers to share the Stock in proportion to their Subscription.

Works not to be begun until the Sum of 12,000l. subscribed.

4° GEOR.GII IV. Cap. xxxvi.

the same shall be paid in, to, or out of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Company and their Successors for ever, for effecting the Uses and Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made to the said Company and their Successors, shall be made in the Form and to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ T [or we, as the Case may he\ of

4 A in Consideration of the Sum of paid to me [or us,

* or into the Bank of England, as the Case may be\ by The Rochdale Gas

* Light and Coke Company, established under or by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled

* An Act, [here insert the Title of this Act], do hereby grant and release

* [or assign, as the Case may be~\ to the said Company of Proprietors and

* their Successors, all [here describe the Premises to be convey ed\ and all

* my [or our] Right, Title, and Interest in and to the same, and every Part thereof; to hold to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors for ever [or as the Case may be\ during all the Remainder of 4 my [or our] Term, Estate, or Interest in the said Premises. In wit-c ness whereof I [or we] have hereunto set my Hand and Seal [or our

* Hands and Seals] this Day of in the

4 Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company, to be applied and used in establishing and carrying on the Undertaking and Purposes aforesaid, shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds Sterling, and that the said Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of Twenty-five Pounds Sterling each j and that the Shares in the said Undertaking, and in the Net Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and not of the Nature of Real Property, and as such Personal Estate shall be transmissible accordingly.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons by or for whom any Subscription shall be made or accepted, or any Payment made pursuant to the Orders of any General Meeting or Meetings to be held by the said Company for that Purpose, for or towards raising the said Capital Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively (no such Subscription being less than Twenty-five Pounds), shall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, in proportion to the Monies which he, she, or they shall have so contributed towards making up the same, and shall have and be entitled to a proportionable Share of the Profits and Advantages attends ing the Capital Stock of the said Company, and shall be admitted to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of and in the same.

XV. And whereas the probable Expence of making the Works hereby authorized will amount to the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, be it therefore further enacted, That the Works hereby authorized to be made shall not be begun until the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds at the

7 least

r ' r,_ -v?-;,7 :r.7r,; , ,. 0-p%*

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi. 729

least shall have been subscribed for the Purpose of making the said Works.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons composing Subscribers the said Company shall severally and respectively stand responsible and answerable for all just Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the said Company in Company, to the full Amount of their several and respective Shares in proportion to the Capital of the said Joint Stock; provided always, that whenever Two their Share#f; or more Persons shall have jointly subscribed for, or shall be jointly pos- the Stocky sessed of any One Share in the said Undertaking, such Persons shall

severally and respectively be answerable for the whole Amount of such Sh^re;, but no further or otherwise, as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the aforesaid Sum of Power to Twelve thousand Pounds shall be found insufficient for the Purposes of r^iise 3,000L this Act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Company, ^eatituT from Time to Time, to raise any further Sum or Sums of Money for ngW shares, completing the said Undertaking, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, either by way of Loan on Security of the Property and Effects belonging to the said Company, or by raising and creating new and additional Shares in the said Concern, or by both of s the said Ways and Methods; and in case it shall at any Time or Times be deemed advisable by the said Company to raise any Part or Parts of the said further Sum of Three thousand Pounds by way of Loan, then it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their said Committee for the Tirhe being, by and with the Advice and Direction of any General Assembly of the said Company, to borrow and take up the same at Interest for the Use of the said Company, and thereupon to grant, execute, and deliver, to or in favour of the Lenders thereof, such Mortgages,

Bonds, Obligations, or other Securities in Writing, as may be required, thereby binding the said Company, and the Estates, Stock and Trade thereof, for the Repayment of the said Sum or Sums of Money so borrowed, with Interest for the same; and in case it shall at any Time or Times be deemed advisable by the said Company to raise any Part or Parts of the said further Sum of Three thousand Pounds by the Creation of new and additional Shares in the said Concern, then it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise the same amongst themselves, in such Proportions as to them shall seem meet, and for such Purpose to create such Number of new and additional Shares of Twenty-five Pounds as maybe deemed expedient; and every Subscriber towards raising such further Sum by Shares shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and stand interested in all the Profits, Privileges, and Advantages of the said Undertaking, and shall be liable to the like Burthens in proportion to the Amount of his or her Subscription, as generally and extensively to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been originally Part of the said Capital Stock of Twelve thousand Pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have For enforcing already subscribed for and towards the said Undertaking, and who shall Payment of at any Time hereafter have or hold any Share or Shares in the same, Subscription and they are hereby respectively required to pay the Sum or Sums tIons*

of Money by them respectively subscribed and to be subscribed for, or

730

Tickets of Shares to be delivered to the Proprietors.

For ascertaining the Proprietorship of Shares in certain Cases.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi.

such Parts or Portions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for, pursuant to the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the said Company or their Committee for the Time being; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Money at such Time or Times and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the said Company or their Committee as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt, or otherwise, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with lawful Interest for the same from the appointed Time or Times of Payment, and full Costs of Suit, from such Person or Persons respectively; and in like Cases of Neglect or Refusal where Two or more Persons shall have jointly subscribed for or be jointly possessed of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, then in like Manner to sue for and recover the same from all or any of such joint Subscribers.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee for the Time being, shall cause the Names and Designations of the several Persons who are at present and shall be hereafter Subscribers to or Proprietors of the said Undertaking, with the Number of Shares possessed by each of the Subscribers and Proprietors, and also the proper Number by which every Share is to be distinguished, to be distinctly entered in a Register Book to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned; and after the making of such Entry, a Certificate under the Common Seal of the said Company shall be made out, in respect of each and every Share in the said Undertaking, specifying therein the proper Number of such Share and the Name and Designation of the Proprietor thereof; which Certificate shall be delivered to the Proprietor of such Share upon Demand, and shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share therein specified; but the Want of such Certificate shall not hinder or prevent the Proprietor of any of the said Shares from selling or disposing thereof.

XX. And whereas in case any original Holder or Proprietor of one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become Insolvent or Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his or her Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company, it may not be in the Power of the said Company, or any Officer acting for the said Company, to learn who is or are the Owner or Proprietor, or Owners and Proprietors of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to be made on such Share or Shares, and to maintain any Action or Actions, Suit or other Proceeding, against him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, for the Recovery of the same, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, the Interest or Dividends to which he, stye, or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That in all Cases where the Right and Property in One or more Share

6 or

731

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subscribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof in the Form and Manner herein-after specified, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn by Two credible Persons, before a Master or Master Extraordinary of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County Palatine of Lancaster, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, and that such Affidavit shall be submitted to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company, to the Intent that he or they may enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or List of Subscribers and Proprietors to the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company; and that in all or any of the said Cases, after Two Calendar Months Notice in Writing shall have been given by the said Clerk or Clerks to the Owner or Owners thereof, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, to pay his, her, or their Proportion of Money so to be called for, and such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not have paid such his, her, or their Proportion as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Subscribers and Proprietors at any General Meeting, after the Expiration of such Notice, to declare at any General Meeting the same Share or Shares to be forfeited; and that in such Case the same shall and may be sold and disposed of in such Manner as the said Subscribers or Proprietors at any Meeting or Meetings shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund of the said Company.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors First and shall meet together at some convenient Place within the said Town, within other General Fourteen Days next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Meetings of Eleven and Twelve in the Forenoon, and shall then and there proceed in ^roprle ors* the Execution of this Act, and shall and may adjourn such Meeting from Time to Time, either to the same Place or such other convenient Place in the said Town as the said Proprietors shall think proper; and the Second General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors shall be held at such Time and at such Place as the said Company of Proprietors at their First General Assembly shall appoint; and the like General Assemblies shall be held on the First Thursday in every Month of April in every Year for the future, at such Hour and Place or Places as the next preceding General Assembly shall appoint; at which Annual General Assemblies the Accounts of the said Company shall be produced for the Inspection of the Meeting; and also such and so many Special General Meetings of the said Proprietors shall be held as shall be called by the Committee of Management as herein-after provided; of which several General Meetings and Meetings Special General Meetings Ten Days public Notice at the least shall be how con-given in some one of the Newspapers published in Manchester in the said vened; County of Lancaster, (and which said Notice shall specify the Purpose for which any such Special General Meetings are called); and that all such General Meetings and Special General Meetings may be adjourned from *

Time to Time and from Place to Place as shall be found expedient; and that all such Meetings of the said Proprietors to be held as aforesaid, the Proprietors then present not being fewer than Fifteen in Number, shall and

may

General Meetings may make Bye-Laws.

732 4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xxxvi.

may proceed to Business and act in the Execution of the several Powers hereby given to the said Company of Proprietors; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any of the aforesaid Meetings of the said Proprietors a sufficient Number of the said Proprietors to act or to adjourn {Fifteen Proprietors being hereby declared sufficient in all Cases to proceed to Business, and Three Proprietors being hereby declared sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only), then, and so often as the Case may happen, such Meeting shall stand over and be deemed to be adjourned to the same Day in the following Week, and at the same Place and Hour at which the same ought to have been held as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time, at any of their General Meetings as aforesaid, to make such Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws, as to them shall seem right and proper for the good Government of the said Undertaking, and for regulating the Proceedings of their Committee, and for the Regulation of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants to be employed in or about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, and for the Superintendence and Management of the said Undertaking in all respects whatsoever, and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws, or any of them, and to make others; and all Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws so made as aforesaid, (^being reduced into Writing, and the Common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed) shall be printed, and be binding upon all such Persons, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws shall not be repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any of the Directions or Provisions of this Act; provided also, that Copies thereof shall be fixed and continued in the Office of the said Company; and all such Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws shall be subject to Appeal in manner by this Act directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That at every General Meeting of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, one of the Proprietors then present shall be elected to preside as Chairman, and all Questions shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present, according to their respective Number of Shares, (that is to say), One Vote in respect of every such respective Share, except that no Person shall vote in respect of more than Ten Shares in his or her own Right; and the Chairman of every such. Meeting shall not only be entitled to vote in respect of his Shares, but in case of an Equality of Votes, shall also have an additional or casting Vote; but nevertheless it is hereby provided, that no Proprietor shall be entitled to vote at any Meeting of the said Company, in respect of* any Share or Shares which he or she may possess in the said Undertaking, unless such Person shall have fully paid all Arrears due in pursuance of any Call or Calls which shall have been made upon or in respect of such Share or Shares by the said Committee for the Time being; nor shall any Person vote at any Meeting of the said Company, upon any Question in which such Person shall be interested, in any other way than as being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking.

etoMhow ' And be it further enacted, That whenever Two or more Persons

tovote. shall ke jointly possessed of or entitled to any Share or Shares in the said

Undertaking.

Regulations as to General Meetings, and Manner of voting.

733

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi.

Undertaking, the Person whose Name shall stand first in the Books of the said Company shall be deemed to be the Proprietor of such Share or Shares, for the Purposes next herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), such Person shall have the sole and entire Right of voting at all Meetings of the said Company, in respect of such joint Share or Shares; and when any Notice in pursuance of this Act shall be given to such Person, the same shall be considered as a Notice given to all the Proprietors of such joint Share or Shares.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That any Proprietor of any Share or Empowering Shares in the said Company’s Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such p'^?rietor Share or Shares at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, °Qte ^es ° shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes proXy.

at such General or Special Meetings as aforesaid, either in Person or by Proxy, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and entitled to vote in respect of his, her, or their own Share or Shares, duly constituted under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or in Cases of Infancy or Lunacy, under the Hand or Hands of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, or Committee or Committees;1 and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made in the Form or to the Effect following;

(that is to say),

I A.B. of one of the Proprietors of Shares of and in The Form of

c Rochdale Gas Light and Coke Company, do hereby nominate, consti- Pro*y-

* tute, and appoint C.D. of to be my Proxy, in my Name and

4 in my Absence to vote or give my Assent to or Dissent from any Busi-‘ ness. Matter, or Thing relating to the said Undertaking, that shall be ‘ mentioned or proposed at any General or Special Meeting of the said

* Company, in such Manner as the said C.D. shall think proper, accord-

* ing to his Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Under-f taking, or any thing relating thereto. In Witness whereof I have here-‘ unto set my Hand, the Day of One thousand eight

‘ hundred and .*

Provided always, that no Person shall vote by Proxy or Proxies for more than Ten Shares, or be entitled to more than Ten Votes in respect of such Proxy or Proxies upon any one Occasion; but if such Person be a Proprietor he may also vote in Right of his own Shares on the same Occasion; and provided that the Person applying to vote as Proxy do always at the Time of voting produce his Appointment or Appointments.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That any General Meeting or General Meetings to Meetings specially called for the Purpose, shall have full Power to call for settle Ac-and examine and settle the Accounts of the said Company, and of the said Committee, and that at one of the said General Meetings, or some Ad- Dividends, journment thereof, in each Year, a Dividend or Dividends shall be made

out of the Interest, Profits, or Advantages of the said Undertaking, unless such Meeting shall declare otherwise; and such Dividend or Dividends shall be at and after the Rate of so much per Centum for every Share upon all and every the Sum and Sums of Money paid to the said Company by the said Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, as such Meeting shall think fit to appoint and determine: Provided always, that no Dividend shall be made whereby the Capital of the said Company shall in any Degree be reduced or impaired, nor within Twelve \LocaLJ 8 Z Months

Not to have more than Ten Votes in addition to his own.

734

General Meetings may appoint a Treasurer and Clerk.

Clerk and Treasurer not to be the same Person.

Treasurer, &c. not to issue Money without an Order, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. xxxvi.

Months next after the passing of this Act; nor shall any Dividend be paid in respect of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for the Payment of any Call for Money in respect thereof, until such Call shall have been paid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall at their said First General Meeting, or at some Adjournment thereof, elect and choose a Treasurer and a Clerk for transacting the Business of the said Company; and it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any subsequent General or Special Meeting to be holden as hereinbefore directed, from Time to Time to remove and displace such Treasurer and Clerk, or either of them, or any other Person or Persons who shall be hereafter elected and appointed to their respective Offices, and shall also from Time to Time elect, choose, and appoint, in manner aforesaid, any other Person or Persons to act as Treasurer or Clerk of the said Company in the Room of such of the said Officers who shall happen to die or to resign, or be removed from their respective Offices; and it shall be lawful for the said Company to allow such Salaries or other Emoluments to the said Officers, or any of them, as at any such General or Special Meeting shall from Time to Time be fixed upon and determined: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient Security from every Person who shall hereafter be appointed Treasurer of the said Company, for the faithful Execution of his Office, before he shall enter thereupon.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to appoint the Person or Persons who may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person or Persons who may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under this Act other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster., by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Money shall be issued by the Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Company, on account of the said Company, without an Order or Orders made at a General Meeting of the said

4° GEORGII IV. xxxvi. 735

said Company, or without an Order or Orders in Writing signed by the Chairman of the Committee for the Time being, and Three Members at least of the said Committee, present at some Meeting of the said Committee.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That at the First General Meeting Appointment of the Proprietors to be held next after the passing of this Act, or at ot

any Adjournment thereof, a Committee for managing the Affairs of the cers’

said Company shall be elected out of the Proprietors or Subscribers of

Shares of and in the said Undertaking; and that such Committee shall

consist of Eleven Proprietors or Subscribers, and when elected they shall be the Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Company,

until others shall be chosen in their Stead as herein-after mentioned.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person Committee-hereby nominated, or who shall be elected a Member of the said Commen con-mittee, shall be or become a Dealer, either directly or indirectly, in any ^y^nf0for of the Articles to be provided or manufactured by the said Company, or cease *to have shall offer to take or succeed in taking, or shall participate in any manner a Voice in in any Work to be done for the said Company, every such Person shall the* Combe disqualified to be a Member of the said Committee; and if any Per- mittee*

son hereby nominated or to be appointed by virtue of this Act a-Member of the said Committee shall at any Time cease to be a Proprietor of the said Undertaking, or shall refuse or neglect, unless prevented by Illness or Absence from Home to attend any Five successive Meetings of the said Committee, every such Person shall thereby cease to act or vote at such Committee, and shall be disqualified as aforesaid, and thereupon another Proprietor shall be elected in the Stead of such defaulting Member to be a Member of the Committee.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That at the said First General Meet- Annual ing, or at some Adjournment thereof, and at every General Meeting which Election of shall be held afterwards in the said Month of April. or at some Adjourn- Committee* ment thereof, a new Committee of Eleven of the Proprietors of Shares

in the said Undertaking shall be elected in the Place of the former Committee, nevertheless the said former Committee, whose Office shall then have expired, or any of them, may (if otherwise eligible) be again immediately re-chosen; and in case the Committee, by Death, Resignation, or Disqualification, shall be reduced to the Number of Five, such Vacancy shall from Time to Time be filled up at a Special General Meeting to be called for that Purpose, within Twenty Days next after such Reduction in Number shall happen; and the Persons so to be chosen to fill such Vacancy or Vacancies, shall (being duly qualified) continue in Office upon the same Terms and only for the same Period as the Persons whose Places they shall supply would have continued, if their Office had not been vacated before the Time at which he must, according to the Provisions of this Act, have gone out of Office: Provided also, that all ^Notices herein-before directed to be given of any General or Special Meetings or Adjournments respectively, or to any of the said Proprietors upon any particular Occasion, and not herein-before otherwise provided for, shall be given to the said several Proprietors or such individual Proprietors respectively, by Letters from the Clerk or Clerks or Secretary of the said Company, sent by the Post to each and every of the said Proprietors

736

No Person to act as Committeeman unless possessed of Four Shares.

A certain Number of Proprietors may call a Special Meeting to remove any of the Committee, or to elect others in certain Cases.

Meetings of Committee.

4° GEORGII IV. xxxvii

prietors entitled to vote at such Meetings respectively, or to the individual Proprietor entitled to such Notice (as the Case may be), and that such Notice shall be deemed and considered the same as personal Notice: Provided also, that if at such General Meeting or Special General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, to be held under the Powers herein contained, there shall not be Persons present, either as Principals or Proxies, who shall be possessed of or entitled unto at least Fifty Shares in the said Undertaking, no Business shall be transacted at any such Meeting except adjourning the same.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be eligible to be elected One of the Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Undertaking, unless at the Time of the Election he shall be entitled to Four Shares in the said Undertaking.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Five or more of the said Proprietors, being collectively possessed of or entitled to Four or more Shares in the said Undertaking, shall think that a Special Meeting of Proprietors should be holden, then it shall and may be lawful for them to call a Special Meeting of the said Proprietors, to be held at such Hour and Place within the said Town of Rochdale as they shall think fit, provided Fourteen Days Notice of the Time and Place and Purport of such Special Meeting be given by the Persons calling the same by Advertisement in One of the Papers printed at Manchester aforesaid, or in some other Paper circulated in the Neighbourhood, and by a Letter from the Clerk or Clerks or Secretary to be sent to or left for each Member of the said Committee at his Place of Residence; and at each Special Meeting it shall be lawful for the Proprietors then present, or the Majority of them, to remove all or any of the Committee, and to elect others in their Stead, or in the Stead of any Member dead or absent; and the Committee for the Time being shall produce their Accounts and a Report of their Proceedings at such Special Meeting, if required by the Notice calling or convening the same: Provided always, that if at any such Special Meeting there shall not be Persons present, either as Principals or Proxies, who shall be possessed of or entitled unto at least Fifty Shares in the said Undertaking, the Power hereby given unto the said Company of Proprietors to remove all or any of the Committee and to elect others in their Stead, on account of any Complaint against the Conduct of such Committee, shall not be exercised, but the Meeting shall be adjourned for that particular Purpose to the same Place from Time to Time until there shall be present, either as Principals or Proxies, who shall be possessed of Fifty Shares as aforesaid; and the same Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Provisions as are herein prescribed with respect to the General Meetings for choosing Committees, shall be applicable to the Meetings to be held for removing them.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall or may hold their First Meeting within Thirty Days after their being appointed, at such Time and Place within the said Town of Rochdale as they shall think proper, and have full Power and Authority to adjourn such First Meeting, and again to meet and adjourn from Time to Time and from Place to Place, within the said Town, as they shall think fit; and the said Company shall from Time to Time appoint One of the Committee

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi. 737

mittee to preside as Chairman, and that all Questions, Matters, and Things which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered by the said Committee at any of their Meetings, shall be decided and determined by a Majority in Number of Members present, (the Number present not being less than Five), and in case of an equal Number of Votes upon any Question, including the Vote of the Chairman for the Time being, such Chairman shall have the decisive and casting Vote; and if on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Committee Five Members qualified to vote shall not attend, that then and in every such Case the Meeting shall be adjourned till such Time as the Members or Member then present, or if none be present, as the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company, or such other Person as shall attend in his or their Place, shall appoint; and any Two or more Members of the Committee may, at any Time when they shall think fit, call a Meeting of the Committee by Notice in Writing signed by such Two or more Members, to be sent by the Post or otherwise to the Residence or Address of every Member of such Committee.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Committee for the Time ^ovver of being shall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Company, Committees, and shall have full Power and Authority to meet and adjourn from Time to Time and from Place to Place, and also at any Time to call Special Meetings of the said Company, for any Purpose they may think proper, and to appoint the Times and Places, in the said Town of Rochdale, of holding General and Special Meetings, and to direct the Affairs and Business of the said Company, as well in issuing, receiving, and laying out and disposing of all Sums of Money to be issued or received, laid out or disposed of, for the Purposes of the same Company, as in contracting for and purchasing Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials,

Goods, and Chattels for the Use of the said Undertaking, and entering into Agreements or Contracts for lighting with Gas the said Streets,

Highways, Squares, Markets, Places, or Shops, Inns, Manufactories, Warehouses, private Houses, Buildings, or private Places as aforesaid, and in nominating, electing, appointing, placing, or displacing any Officer, Agent, or Servant of the said Company, (not being a Treasurer or Clerk of the said Company, who are to be elected and appointed at a General Meeting of the Company as herein-before mentioned), and with such Salaries, Gratuities, or other Recompence as to the said Committee shall seem proper, and in ordering, directing, and employing the Works and Workmen, and in selling and disposing of all Articles produced as aforesaid, and in making, enforcing, and rescinding, compounding and compromising all Contracts and Bargains touching or in anywise concerning the same, subject to such Orders, Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations as shall at any Time be duly made by the said Company in Restraint, Control, or Regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted; and the said Committee may require such Security to be given to the said Company of Proprietors, from any Officer or Officers (not being a Treasurer or Clerk of the said Company) or other Person, for the faithful Execution of their respective Duties, as they may think proper or reasonable.

XXXVIL. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings Orders, &e. of the said Company and of the Committee shall be entered in a Book to be entered or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings in a Rook* [Local.2 9 A shall

738

Calls to be made.

Notice

thereof.

Calls forfeited on Nonpayment.

4° GEORGII IV. Cfljo.xxxvi.

shall be signed by the Chairman for the Time being of each respective Meeting, or for the Purposes of Adjournment only, by the Clerk of the said Company, and shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings, and allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee for the Time being, shall have full Power and Authority to make such Call or Calls for Money from the several Proprietors or Subscribers of Shares in the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, as the said Company or their said Committee shall from Time to Time find expedient for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, so that no one such Call do exceed Five Pounds upon each Share of Twenty-five Pounds, and so that no Calls shall be made but at the Interval of Two Calendar Months at least from each other, and so that the total Amount of such Calls shall not exceed the Sums subscribed for by the several Proprietors; and the several Sums of Money which shall be so called for shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Company for the Time being, at such Times and Places as shall be appointed by the said Company or such Committee, of which Times and Places Ten Days Notice at least in Writing shall be given by the Clerk of the said Company to the several Persons liable to pay such Calls, which Notice may be sent by the Post, or in such other Manner as the said Company or such Committee shall direct in that Behalf; and that if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Proportion of the Money so to be called for during the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time appointed for Payment thereof, with lawful Interest for the same from such appointed Time of Payment, then and in every such case such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall absolutely forfeit all his, her, or their Share, Part, or Interest in the said Undertaking and Capital Stock, and all Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her, or them on account thereof* to and for the Use and Benefit of the rest of the said Company; and all Shares which shall be so forfeited shall or may be sold at a public Sale for the most Money that can be gotten for the same, and the Produce thereof shall go to and make Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company; but nevertheless, no Advantage shall be taken of any such Forfeiture of any Share or Shares until after Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing shall have been given by the Clerk of the said Company to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or left at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode, nor unless the same Share or Shares shall be declared to be forfeited at some General or Special Meeting of the said Proprietors, held not sooner than Two Calendar Months after such Forfeiture shall take place; and every such Forfeiture when so declared shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors who shall have incurred such Forfeiture, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, against all Actions, Suits, and Proceedings whatsoever, at Law or in Equity, for any Breach of Contract between such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the said Company, in regard to the future Prosecution of the said Undertaking.

XXXIX. And1

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xKxvi. 739

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be Executors, a Subscriber or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Under- of p*‘ taking, shall die before Payment shall have been made by him or her of sons indem-the full Amount which under the Provisions of this Act may be called nified on for by the said Company in respect of such Share or Shares, in manner paying Call*, aforesaid, without having made any sufficient and effectual Provision, by Will or otherwise, how the future Calls in respect of such Share or Shares are to be answered and satisfied, then and in every such case the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Subscriber or Proprietor, and the Trustees or Guardians of any Infant or other Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of such deceased Subscriber or Proprietor respectively, shall be fully indemnified against such Infant, and all Persons whomsoever, in paying any Money which shall be duly called for in respect of such Share or Shares as aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Shares may Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, their betrans-Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to sell and transfer ferred-any Share or Shares of which they shall respectively be possessed; and every such Transfer shall be in the Form and to the Effect following j (that is to say),

4 T [or we] of in Consideration of Form of

« paid to me [or us] by Transfer.

« of do hereby bargain, sell, and transfer to the said

< the Sum of Capital Stock of

and in the Undertaking, called The Rochdale Gas Light and Coke Company, being my [or our] Share [or Shares] Number in the said Undertaking; to hold to the said Executors,

4 Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and 4 Restrictions, and on the same Conditions that I [or we] held the same 4 immediately before the Execution hereof; and I [or we] the said 4 do hereby agree to take and accept the said Share

4 [or Shares,] subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As witness my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals,] this 4 Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk of the xransfer to said Company, and shall be entered and registered in the Books of the said be registered. Company, and the Entry or Registry thereof shall specify the Date, Names of the Parties, and the Number of Shares transferred, for which Entry and Registry the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid to the Clerk or other Officer making the same; and a Copy of such Registry, signed by the Clerk or other Officer of the said Company duly authorized thereto, shall be sufficient Evidence of every such Sale and Transfer, and received as such in all Disputes, and in all Trials before any Court in the United Kingdom $ and that until such Transfer shall be entered or registered in the Books of the said Company as aforesaid, no Purchaser of any Share or Shares, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have any Part or Share in the said Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, nor shall receive any Interest or Dividend for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, nor be entitled t©

any

740

No Shares to be sold after a Call until the Money is paid.

Power to make and erect Retorts, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. i.

any Vote at any Meeting or Meetings as Proprietor or Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after a Call for Money shall be made by virtue of this Act, no Person or Persons shall sell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall possess in the said Undertaking, after the Day appointed for Payment of the said Call, until the Money so called for in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares intended to be sold shall be paid; and that until such Money so called for shall be paid, any such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be void; and all and every Person or Persons making Default herein shall be subject and liable to forfeit such his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to and for the general Benefit of the said Undertaking, unless he, she, or they shall at the Time of such Sale or Sales, or Transfer, pay to the Treasurer of the said Company the full Sum of Money called for upon every Share so to be sold or transferred; such Forfeiture nevertheless to be first notified and declared in manner directed by this Act with respect to the Forfeiture of Shares for not answering the Calls to be made thereon.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company and their Successors, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, by their Servants, Agents, Workmen, and others, from Time to Time to make and erect such Retorts, Gasometers, Receivers, and other Buildings, Cisterns, Engines, Machines, or other Apparatus, upon any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which the said Company may purchase for the Purpose, in such Manner as the said Company shall think necessary or proper for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution; and also to break up the Soil and Pavement of any Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways, Lanes, Passages, and other Places, or any Part of them, and to dig and sink Trenches and Drains, and lay Main or other Pipes, and put Stopcocks, Syphons, Plugs, or Branches from such Pipes, from the Gasometer or Works, in, under, across, and along such Places as aforesaid, and in such Manner as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, or supplying any such Light as aforesaid; and from Time to Time to alter the Position of, and to repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes, Stopcocks, Syphons, and Plugs or Branches; also to carry, fit up, and furnish any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or other necessary Apparatus, from any Main or Pipe laid in any Street, Road, Highway, Lane, Passage, or other Place by the said Company by virtue of this Act, in, to, or through or against any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same, or any public or private Lamp, from any of such Main or other Pipes j and to erect and set up any Machine or other Apparatus necessary or requisite for securing to any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, a proper and complete Supply of Gas, and for measuring or ascertaining the Extent of such Supply; and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which shall have been placed, or which shall be injured or damaged in such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, and to do all such other Acts, Matters, and Things as the said Company and their Successors shall from Time to Time think necessary, for completing, amending, repairing, improving, supplying, and using the same : Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained

to shall

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi, 741

shall authorize or empower the said Company to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes through or against any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings or Yards, for the Purpose of lighting any other Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactory, public or private Buildings, or any other Place or Places, or to continue the same, without the Consent of the Owner and Occupier of every such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactory, public or private Buildings or Yards, through or against which any such Pipe or Pipes may be carried or laid for the Purposes aforesaid*

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Company pany shall at their own Expence, on the Expiration or Determination of the p- r^no^ Tenancy or Tenancies of any Occupier or Occupiers, whose Dwelling wjfenTe-* House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings or Yards, nants quit, shall be supplied with Gas in pursuance of this Act, or within Ten Days if required, after the Expiration or Determination of such Tenancy or Tenancies, upon receiving Two Days Notice in Writing for that Purpose for or on Behalf of the Owner or Owners, or the succeeding Occupier or Occupiers of any such Dwelling House or Plouses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings or Yards as aforesaid, remove, take, and carry away, or cause to be removed, taken, and carried away, any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches from any Main or Pipe which shall have been introduced or laid by the said Company in or against any such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings or Yards as aforesaid, pursuant to the Power for that Purpose herein-before contained, and shall repair and make good such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings or Yards, where the same shall have been so introduced or be placed, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and in Default thereof it shall be lawful for such Owner or Owners, or such new or succeeding Occupier or Occupiers, as the Case may require, or any other Person or Persons acting under their, his, or her respective Authority, to cause such Pipes, Cocks, or Branches to be removed, taken, and carried away, (without being thereby subjected to any Penalty or Costs for thereby unavoidably damaging the Works of the said Company), and the Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings or Yards, where the same shall have been introduced or placed, to be repaired and made good, and the reasonable Costs and Charges for so doing the same shall be immediately paid by the said Company, or their Treasurer for the Time being, to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, as the Case may require: Provided nevertheless, that if such reasonable Costs and Charges be not paid within Twenty Days next after Demand shall be made by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, (Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witness before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County), all such reasonable Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, (and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant), and such Costs and Charges shall be paid to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, as the Case may require.

9 B

742

Pavement to be made good where Pipes are laid.

Provision in case of Default.

Damages to any public Sewer or Drain to be made good.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Workmen employed in laying or repairing any such Main Pipes, Plugs, Cocks, Syphons or Branches, shall do as little Damage as may be, and shall forthwith fill up the Trenches and make good the Pavements and Roads, and carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby, and repair any Damage arising from any Drains, Sewers, or Cuts, which may be made for carrying off any Washings or Waste Liquids, without any Delay; and shall in the meantime fence or guard the Place or Places where any Ground shall be opened, and place and set up Lamps or Lights during the Night, in such Manner as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages; Provided always, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the said Company of Proprietors, or in any of their Agents or Servants, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, in filling in any such Ground, or removing Rubbish, or making good any such Pavements or Roads, or in fencing or guarding the Ground which shall be opened, or in placing and setting up such Lamps or Lights during the Night, so as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parish of Rochdale, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or any Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Surveyors, to fill up such Ground, and remove such Rubbish, and to repair and make good the Pavement of any Street, Highway, Way, Lane, Passage, or Place so broken up; and that the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors or their Treasurer, and in Default of Payment thereof for Twenty Days next after Demand shall be made by such Surveyor, or other Person acting by or under his Authority, Proof of such Demand being made upon Oath of Two or more credible Witnesses before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, all such reasonable Costs and Charges, together with any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds by way of Penalty, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Proprietors, or such other Person or Persons, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Costs, Charges, and Penalty shall be paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company, or their Successors, Servants, Agents, Workmen, or others, shall not, by any Work to be done by virtue of this Act, damage or injure any public Sewer or Drain within the said Town; and if any Damage or Injury shall unavoidably be done to any such Sewer or Drain, the said Company or their Successors shall forthwith well and sufficiently repair and make good every such Damage or Injury, and on Default thereof the Amount of such Damage shall be recoverable by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the said Town, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, or by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, or any Person acting under their Authority, to make such Drains of such Breadth and Dimensions, and in such Manner, as they shall respectively think expedient, under the Streets, Highways, Ways, Avenues, and Places within the said Town, for carrying off the Washings, or other Waste Liquids which may arise in the Prosecution of the Works aforesaid, the said Company, and all Persons acting under their Authority, doing as little Damage as may be in making the said Drains, and immediately repairing all such Damages; provided that none of such Washings or Liquids, or any Lime, or other Ingredient, Matter, or Thing which shall arise or be produced in the manufacturing or producing the said Gas, or in or by the Prosecution of any of the Works aforesaid, shall be conducted or conveyed into any River, Brook, or Stream of Water whatsoever.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Company of Proprietors shall at any Time empty, drain, or convey, or cause or suffer to be emptied, drained, or conveyed, or to run or flow, any Washings or other Waste Liquids, or any noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things whatsoever, which shall arise or be produced in the Prosecution of the said Gas Works, or in the Manufacture or Process of making or procuring such Gas, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, Springhead, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith; or do or cause to be done any other Annoyance, Act, or Thing to the Water contained in any such River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, or Springhead, Well, Drain, Sewer, or Ditch, then and in every such Case the said Company, or Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Whole thereof shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same : Provided always, that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable, unless the same be sued for within Twelve Calendar Months from the Time of such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing shall have ceased and determined; provided also, that over arid above and in addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, (and whether such Penalty shall have been sued for or recovered or not) in case any of the said Washings or other Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things, shall be drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, or any Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, Springhead, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or any such Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given by any Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to the said Company, and the said Company shall not, within Twelve Hours after such Notice shall have been given to them or him as aforesaid, stop, hinder, or prevent all and every such Washings, Waste Liquids, or noisome or

offensive

743

Power to carry off the Washings.

Penalty on Washings draining into Rivers, Wells, &c.

744 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi.

offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things, from being drained, conducted, or conveyed, or from running or flowing in manner aforesaid, and every such other Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act or Thing from being done as aforesaid, then and in every such case the said Company shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each and every Day such Washings, Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things, shall be so drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be so done or caused to be done as aforesaid; and such last-► mentioned Penalty shall and maybe recovered and levied in such and the like Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is in and by this Act directed to be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Informer, or to the Person or Persons who, in the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Conviction shall take place, shall have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage by any such Act so done or committed.

For stopping

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be the Escape of found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or set Gas- up by the said Company in pursuance of this Act, the said Company

shall at their own Expence, immediately after receiving Notice by Parole or in Writing (to be left or given at their Office or usual Place of transacting their Business) of any such Escape of Gas, from any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Company shall not, within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice by Parole or in Writing being given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from further escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of Complaint, then and in every such Case the said Company shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for each and every Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of giving any such Notice, during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid; which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recoverable in a summary Way on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before some One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and shall and may be recovered, with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, by the Warrant of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

Gas to be

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the supplied said Company shall at any Time hereafter contract with any Person or

ch^perth, pers?nS) Body

or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for lighting any of the " 1 ‘ public Lamps in any of the public Streets, Roads, Squares, or Market Places, or other public Places within the said Town and Suburbs, the said Company shall and they are hereby directed and required to supply such public Lamps, which they shall so contract to light, with Gas ol such Quality as shall at all Times afford a cheaper and better Light than could be obtained from Oil Lamps; and whenever the said Company shall fail so to do, the Power and Authority hereby given to the said Company, further to break up the Soil or Pavement of any such public Street, Road, Square, or Market Place, or other public Place in the said Town and Suburbs where such public Lamps shall be situated, shall from thenceforth during such Refusal cease and determine; and every Contract or io Agreement

745

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi.

Agreement which shall be entered into for lighting with Gas such public Lamps by the said Company, shall contain a Clause, providing that it shall be obligatory on the said Company that such public Lamps shall at all Times be better and cheaper lighted by the said Company than could be done by Oil Lamps.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Branch or Service Pipes which shall be put up by the said Company for lighting the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Town, under any Contract or Agreement, shall be kept fully charged with Gas, and the Stopcocks shall be so formed and turned as not to impede or prevent the said Branch or Service Pipes being completely filled with Gas during the Time the same shall be lighted.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall contract with the said Company, or agree to take or shall use or enjoy the Benefit of the said Gas in their private Dwellings, Shops, Inns, Taverns, or other Buildings or Manufactories, shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Fourteen Days after Demand to pay the Sum or Sums then due for the same to the said Company, according to the Terms and Stipulations of the said Company, it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their Clerk or Clerks, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any One of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, to levy the said Sum or Sums of Money, in respect whereof such Refusal or Neglect shall happen, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, after the necessary Charges of making such Distress and Sale shall be first deducted.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall lay or cause to be laid any Iron, Lead, or other Pipe to communicate with any Pipe belonging to the said Company; nor shall any Person or Persons whatsoever erect or set up within the said Town any Gas Works without the Consent of the said Company, under their Common Seal, first had and obtained; nor use any Burners of larger Dimensions, nor more in Number, than he, she, or they shall respectively contract or pay for, on pain of forfeiting and paying to the Company the Sum of Ten Pounds, and also the further Sum of Ten Shillings a Day for every Day such Pipe shall so remain, or such Works, Burners, or Excess be so committed or continued, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to grant; and the Surplus, after such Penalty or Forfeiture, Penalties or Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalty or Forfeiture, Penalties or Forfeitures, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction within the Hundred of Salford and County aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, [Local.'] 9 C not

Service Pipes to be kept fully charged with Gas.

Recovery of Rent.

No Pipes of Communication to be laid, &c. without the Consent of the Company.

746

Penaltjr on wilfully damaging Pipes, &c.

Satisfaction for Damage of Lamps, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi.

not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture, Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or maliciously remove, take away, destroy, damage, or injure any Pipe, Post, Plug, Lamp, or other Apparatus, Matter or Thing, belonging to the said Company, or any Part thereof respectively, or shall wilfully or maliciously extinguish or put out any one or more of the public Lamps or Lights, or wilfully or maliciously waste any of the Inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, or shall neglect to extinguish or put out any Burner or Burners which shall be by the said Company supplied with such Air or Gas, within One Hour after the Time contracted for, every Person so offending in any of the respective Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath or Affirmation of One credible Witness before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, shall forfeit and pay to the aforesaid Company any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the Amount of the Damage to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices to be done; such Penalty and Damage, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; or if it shall appear to the said Justice or Justices, either by Confession or otherwise, that the Offender or Offenders hath or have not any Goods or Chattels sufficient to levy such Forfeiture or Damage aforesaid, such Offender shall and may be committed to the said House of Correction in the said Hundred of Salford, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until such Forfeiture, Damages, and Costs shall be paid or tendered to the Keeper of the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for the Use of the said Company.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall carelessly or accidentally break, destroy, throw down, damage or injure any Lamp or Lamps, hung out, set up, or belonging to the said Company, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their private Expence, or any Pipe, Pedestal, Post, Plug, or other Apparatus, Matter or Thing belonging thereto, or to the said Company, or carelessly or accidentally waste any Inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, or keep the Light or Lights burning for a longer Time than he, she, or they shall contract to pay for, and shall not, upon Demand by the said Company, or their Clerk or Superintendent, or other Person or Persons authorized by them, make Satisfaction for the Damage done, or the Excess of Gas obtained and used, or keeping the Lights burning longer than they shall have contracted for as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and he or they is' and are hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to summon before him or them the Party or Parties against whom the ComA plaint shall be preferred, and upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or on Non-appearance of the Party dr Parties so complained against, to proceed ex parte, and to award such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction to the said Company, or to such other Person or Persons (as the Case may be and require), for such Damages

747

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi.

or Excess, as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums so awarded within Fourteen Days after Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices or any One of them, and he and they is and are hereby required, to cause the same to be raised and levied in such and the like Manner as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is by this Act directed to be raised and levied.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hinder or interrupt the said Company, or their Deputies, Agents, Workmen or Servants, or any of them, in doing or performing any of the Works, or in exercise of any of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or shall in anywise cause or procure such Interruption or Hindrance to take place, and shall be thereof convicted before any Justice or Justices acting in and for the County of Lancaster, either on Evidence or on Confession, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company any Sum to be adjudged by such Justice or Justices, not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and such Sum so adjudged shall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may by virtue of this Act be recovered, or the said Company may at their own Option sue for Damages sustained by them for such Hindrance or Interruption.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as the said Company, their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, shall dig or sink any Trench or Trenches for laying any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, or other Apparatus, or shall open any Ground for the Purposes of this Act, or any of them, in, upon, or near to which any Water Pipe or Water Pipes shall have been laid or placed for the Purpose of conveying Water into or about the said Town, or any Branch of any such Water Pipe, for the Service or Supply of any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, the said Company, their Servants, Agents or Workmen, shall and they are hereby required to give previous Notice thereof to the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Person or Persons having the Control of such Water Pipes for the Time being, or to the Occupier of such Dwelling House, Manufactory, public or private Building, supplied by such Branch or Service Pipe, as the Case may be; and on every such Occasion the said Company, their Servants, Agents and Workmen, shall, under the Direction and Inspection of such Proprietors or Persons or Occupiers, or their, his, or her Surveyor or Agent, as the Case may be, protect and secure such Pipe or Pipes from any Injury or Damage, and shall also repair and make good any Damage that shall or may be done to any such Water Pipe or Pipes on any such Occasion; and in Default being made in any of the Matters aforesaid, the said Company shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall also pay to such Proprietors or Persons, or Occupiers, as the Case may be, the Costs and fExpences which shall have been incurred by them, him, or her, in the securing and protecting, or in repairing and making good any Injury or Damage that may be done to such Pipe or Pipes by the Means aforesaid; such Costs and Expences to be ascertained by any Justice of the Peace for the said County, and to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice

or

Penalty for interrupting Company’s Workmen.

For the Protection of Water Pipes.

748 4° GEORGII IV.

or Justices of the Peace for the said County, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant.

Gas Pipes to

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Pipes or other Indies from^' Conduits to he laid or used for the Conveyance of Gas, in, under, through. Water PipTs al°ng> across, or round any Street, Square, Market Place, Lane, Weint, in a partial- Alley, Passage, Court, or other Place in the Town of Rochdale aforesaid, lar Manner, or the Neighbourhood or Precincts thereof, shall be so laid at the greatest practicable Distance; and whenever the Width of the Carriage Way in such Street or Place will allow thereof, at the Distance of Three Feet at least from the nearest Part of any Water Pipe already laid down, or hereafter to be laid down by or by the Order of the Company of Proprietors for the Time being of the Rochdale Water Works, for the Conveyance of Water in, under, through, along, across, or round any of the said Streets, Squares, Market Places, Lanes, Weints, Alleys, Passages, Courts, or other Places in the Town of Rochdale aforesaid, or Neighbourhood or Precincts thereof, (unless in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to lay the Gas Main Pipes across any of the Pipes of the said Company of Proprietors) in which Cases the said Gas Main Pipes shall be laid over or under the said Company’s Water Pipes, as the Case may require, at the greatest practicable Distance therefrom, and shall form therewith an Angle, and that in such Cases the said Gas Main Pipes, so crossing the said Company’s Water Pipes, shall be at least Three Feet in length, so that no Joint of any of the said Gas Main Pipes shall be nearer to any Part of the said Company’s Water Pipes than Six Inches at least where practicable, and that in laying down the said Gas Main Pipes, the said Gas Light and Coke Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall in no case join Three or more Gas Main Pipes together previous to their being laid in the Trench, but shall lay each Pipe as near as may be in its Place in the Trench, and shall in such Trench properly form the Jointing with the other Pipes to be added thereto with proper and sufficient Materials, and shall also make and keep all and every such Pipes, and all Pipes connected or communicating therewith, and all the Screws, Joints, Inlets, Apertures, or Openings therein respectively Air-tight, and in all and every respect prevent the said Gas from escaping therefrom, and from any Part thereof, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings.

For prevent-

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Body or Bodies ingNuisances Politic or Corporate, Inhabitant Householder of the said Town of Rocb-y t eWorks, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be aggrieved by any public or private Nuisance to be committed by the said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, in respect of any Works of the said Company, or the Means which shall be employed by them in manufacturing the said Gas and using the same, or furnishing such Light as aforesaid, or from any other Cause whatever, and shall give Notice in Writing to the said Company of the Existence of any such public or private Nuisance, the said Company shall, at their own Expence, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to remove and abate such public or private Nuisance from continuing; and in case the said Company shall not proceed within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice in Writing being given as aforesaid of any such public or private Nuisance, to remove and shall not abate the same to the Satisfaction of Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, that then and in every such Case the said

4° GEORGII IV. Cup.xxxvi. 749

said Company shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Pounds for each and every Day during which such public or private Nuisance shall be permitted or suffered to exist after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of receiving such Notice; which Penalty shall and may from Time to Time, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Information to be laid and exhibited before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, be recoverable and recovered with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, by the Warrant of any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, to be granted in like Manner, and subject to the like Provisions, and to go to and be paid as herein-before directed touching other Penalties to be recovered from the said Company.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this The Com-Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding by Indictment or otherwise against any of for injury the Officers, Servants, or Workmen of the said Company, in respect of sustained by any Works, or the Means which shall be employed by them in making the Works, the said Gas and using the same, or furnishing such Light as aforesaid, as a public or private Nuisance; or from bringing any Action or Actions against the said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works, or the Use of the said Gas, or the Method of lighting therewith, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Preparation or the Use of the same Gas, or Method of lighting, or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of any of the Persons employed therein, or from any other Cause whatsoever.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed, (the Manner of Forfeitures? levying, recovering, and applying whereof is not herein otherwise directed), shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is in every such Case hereby fully authorized to administer), be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus (if any) after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his or their Appearance before such Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take byWay of Recognizance or otherwise; but if, upon the Return of such Warrant, it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice [ZrCCtf/.] 9 D of

750

Form of Conviction.

Power of Appeal.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvl

of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of House of Correction of the County Palatine of Lancaster, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid and applied as follows: One Moiety thereof to the Treasurer of the said Company for their Use, and the other Moiety thereof to such public Charity of and in the said County Palatine of Lancaster as the said Justice shall think proper.

LXI. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect following shall be good, without alleging more than the Substance of the Offence j (that is to say),

. . I. remembered, That on the Day of

(to wit) y in tjje Year of our Lord

is [or are] convicted before me [or us, as the Case may be'] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled^ Act, &c. [here insert the Title of this Act] of having [specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be,] contrary to the said Act, and for which Offence I [or we, as the Case shall be] do adjudge the said to have forfeited the Sum of

Given under my Hand and Seal [or as the Case may be, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above written.’

Information to be lodged within Six Calendar Months.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture imposed by this Act for any Offence or Offences against the same, or any Order or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, herein-before made cognizable before a Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, unless Information respecting such Offence or Offences shall have been lodged before such Justice or Justices within Six Calendar Months next after committing such Offence or Offences.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye Law, or Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, may, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, or any Adjournment thereof, the Person or Persons appealing having first given at least Ten Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the Clerk

4 or

4° GEORGII IV. xxxvi.

or Clerks of the said Company, and forthwith after such Notice entering

751

into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, shall in a summary Way hear and determine such Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the same County, and if they see Cause may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Law, Order or Determination, and shall and may also award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, or such Costs to either of the Parties, as they shall judge reasonable and proper j and all such Determinations of the Justices at such Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, or Persons,.shall Compelling be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matter contained in any Information or Com- 0 1 ues es*

plaint for any Offence against this Act, either on Behalf of the Prosecutor or on Behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and shall refuse or neglect (without a reasonable Excuse) to appear from Time to Time at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, after having been paid, or tendered a reasonable Sum of Money for his, her, or their Costs, and Expences, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or in case of a Quaker or Quakers, on solemn Affirmation, (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer), and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, then and in every such Case every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Witness or Witnesses Perjury in who shall be examined by or before any Justice of the Peace or otherwise corrupdy under this Act, upon Oath (or in case of a Quaker or Quakers, on solemn sv'earlnS* Affirmation), shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, he, she, or they so giving false Evidence shall be subject to the same Penalty as Persons guilty of Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distress not made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied under the Authority unlawful for of this Act, or any Order or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, the wanto^orm Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shal( the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceeding relating thereto, nor a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any subsequent Irregularity in the prosecuting of such Distress, but the Person or Persons as-grieved by such Irregularity may recover Satisfaction for Special Damages by Action on the Case.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had Proceedings

touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, or again

752

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvi.

want of Order or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, nor any Judgment or

moved D^ermination to be made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or

Certiorari. transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Directions as

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein it may

Notice^6 of requisite to serve any Notice or Notices upon the said Company, or Writs, &c. on any Writ or Writs or other legal Proceedings, the Service of a Copy the Com- thereof upon the Clerk of the said Company, dt left at the Office of such

pany. Clerk, or at his last or usual Place of Abode, or left at the Office of the said Company, or Service upon any Member of the said Committee, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or upon any known Agent or other Officer employed by the said Company, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Company.

Expences of the Act how to be paid.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the applying for, obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the said Committee out of the Monies already subscribed by virtue of this Act, in Preference to ail other Payments whatsoever.

Not to pre-

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in judice the this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any way to Rights of the change, lessen, abridge, impeach, annul, prejudice, or destroy any Rights, Manor*^ Pfiv^egesi Jurisdictions, Immunities, Rents, Tolls, Stallage, or lawful Customs, belonging, due, or in anywise appertaining to the Lord or Lords of the Manor or reputed Manor of Rochdale aforesaid, in any Capacity whatsoever; but all and every such Rights, Privileges, Jurisdictions, Immunities, Rents, Tolls, Stallage, and Customs, may be exercised, demanded, exacted, received, and enjoyed in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the same were enjoyed before the passing of this Act.

Public Act

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed u ' ’ and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Stiiahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Belfast, and the Suburbs thereof.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting and improving the 40 G. 3. several Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Passages within the Town of Belfast, in the County of Antrim; and for removing and preventing all Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein; and also for establishing and maintaining a Nightly Watch throughout the said Town and the Precincts thereof; and for other Purposes : And whereas in and by an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act of His present 56G.3. c.lvii. Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving the Town of Belfast, in the County of Antrim, and for better effecting those Purposes, the Commissioners and Committee thereby appointed were authorized and empowered from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for doing and performing any of the Works aforesaid, subject to such Regulations as in the said Act are expressed and contained: And whereas John Barlow and George Barlow of Sambrook House Basinghall Street, in the City of London, Iron Merchants, have obtained the Consent of the Commissioners and Committee of Police and the Trustees of certain Roads adjacent to the said Town of Belfast, to open the Ground to enable them to lay the Mains necessary to light the said Town and the Roads leading thereto with Gas : And whereas the \LocaL~] 9 E Inhabitants

754

Company

established.

Powerto contract for the Purchase of Lands, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvii.

Inhabitants of the said Town of Belfast are desirous of having the lighting by Gas introduced therein for lighting the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places thereof, and for the Use of such(Tersons as may wish to light their Shops, Warehouses, and Houses therewith; and it would materially add to their Comfort and Accommodation, and be of public Utility : And whereas John Barlow and George Barlow aforesaid, together with several other Persons, have expended very considerable Sums of Money in erecting Works and laying down Pipes in the said Town of Belfast: And whereas the said John Barlow and George Barlow, together with several other Persons, are desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, of completing and extending the said Works; but the same cannot be effectually and permanently carried into Effect without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said John Barlow and George Barlow and such other Persons as shall from Time to Time, and in such Manner as hereinafter is mentioned, become Proprietors of Shares in the Undertaking hereby established, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall be and they are hereby declared to be One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of " The Belfast Gas Light Company," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, at Law or in Equity, and shall and may prefer and prosecute any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall commit any Felony, Misdemeanor, or other Offence indictable by the Laws of this Realm; and that the said Company of Proprietors shall be established for the Purpose of producing Gas or Inrfammable Air, and of disposing of the Gas, Coke, and other Products of the Manufactory of the said Company, whether the said Inflammable Air be made from Coal or from other Materials, and for lighting the said Town and Suburbs thereof with Gas, and shall have full Power from Time to Time to make Contracts or agree with any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Corporation or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who may be willing and desirous of contracting or agreeing with the said Company of Proprietors for the lighting with Gas such Town, or any of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Roads, Passages, or other Public Places therein, or any Churches or Chapels, or any Theatres or Places of public Amusement, Manufactories, Shops, Inns, Taverns, Dwelling Houses, Buildings, or other private Places within the said Town, and to sell and dispose of such Coke, Oil, and all other Products as aforesaid, under such Conditions, Limitations, and Restrictions as shall be hereinafter expressed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the said Com-

* u

pany to construct or make Gasometers and other necessary Works, and to erect any Manufactory or Manufactories or other Buildings for the Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or their Committee of Management for the Time being, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, and they are hereby respectively empowered, to contract and agree for the absolute Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Town or Parts adjacent (not exceeding the Quantity of Five Statute Acres in the whole), with any Body

6 Politic,

755

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvii.

Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Tenant or Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, or with any Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also fof and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or Fem^s Covert, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to sell the same,-or his, her, or their Right and Interest therein for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to hold such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for any Term, Right, and Interest therein so purchased, without incurring or being subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or of any other Law or Statute whatsoever; and also in case of a Resale of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them, under the Provision in that Behalf herein-after contained, to purchase and hold other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments 'in like Manner, provided the Land to be held for the Purposes of this Act shall not at any Time exceed in Quantity Five Acres, subject nevertheless to the Restrictions and Conditions herein-after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Bodies Poli-• for alf Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate tic, &c. em-or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or P°|verecl to for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands,

Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issu^ unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert, or any Person under any Disability of acting for themselves, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof which shall be thought necessary by the said Company of Proprietors, to be purchased for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, and to treat, contract, and agree with the said Company, or their said Committee of Management, for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever of, in, and to the same, to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act; and all Contracts,

Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, and without Enrolment, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use,

Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their said several and respective Cestuique Trusts, and all Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, and of all Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion expectant on any such particular Estate; and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar all Dower of such Person or Persons,

and

756 4° GEORGII IV. Gip.xxxvii.

and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, any Law, Statute, or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardi ians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Person and Persons^ is and are and shall be hereby indemnified for what he, she, or they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

DirectingAp-

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be contracted

Purchase of anc* a£reec^to he Pa^ for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur-MoneySwhen chased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Pur-amounting to poses thereof, which shall belong to any Body Corporate, Collegiate, or 200Z. and up- Ecclesiastic, Tenant for Life or in Tail, or for Years, Trustee, Feme wards. Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money, in case the same shall amount "to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, shall with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte The Belfast Gas Light Company, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as any Three or more of the Committee of Management of the said Company shall, by Writing signed by them, direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments standing and being settled therewith to the same and the like Intents and Purposes; or where such Monies shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Wills, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto as aforesaid, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Government Securities p and in the meantime, and until the said Securities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Government Securities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviL 757

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Directing so contracted and agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here- ^tTurchase ditamsnts, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong- Money when ing to any Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastic, Tenant for Life less than or in Tail, or for Years, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or any 200Landex* Person or Persons under Disability or incapacitated as aforesaid, shall be cee in^ less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Cases of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of Ireland in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved by Three or more of the said Committee of Management (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising 5

thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Directing Money so contracted and agreed to be paid as last before mentioned Application shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases Mo^ey noT the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who exceeding would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of 20/.

the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee of Management, or apy . Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in Cases of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question in Cases of shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into doubtful the Bank of Ireland in the Name and with the Privity of the said Ac- ^ep countant General of the High Court of Chancery in pursuance of this session to be Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of deemed the any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Owner.

to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Government Securities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Government Securities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said High Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Government Securities [Locals 9 F to

768

Expences of Purchases may be allowed by the Court.

On Payment of Purchase Money, Premises vested in said Company.

Conveyances.

Form.

Conveyances so made, to be valid.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxVII.

to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Government Securities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly,: unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purchases as the said Court shall direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money so contracted or agreed to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by the said Company of Proprietors, to the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or their Agents, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of Ireland, for the Purpose of being disposed of in Manner herein-before directed, and upon the Conveyance in Manner herein-after directed of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law or Equity, of the Party and Parties, and Person and Persons respectively, to whom or for whose Use the same shall be paid, in, to, or out of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors for ever, for effecting the Uses and Purposes of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following $ (that is to say),

‘ T [or we, as the Case may be], of in con-

1 9 sideration of the Sum of , to me [or us] paid by

e the Belfast Gas Light Company, do hereby grant and release, [or as-6 sign, as the Case may be], to the said Company of Proprietors, and their ‘ Successors, all [here describe the Premises to be conveyed], and all my [or

* our] Right, Title, or Interest in and to the same and every Part thereof, c to hold to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors for ‘ ever, [as the Case may be], during all the Remainder of my Term, .* Estate, and Interest in the said Premises. In witness, I [or we] have

* hereunto set my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals], or our CommonSeal [as the Case may be], this Day of *n the

6 Year of our Lord.

And every such Salq, Conveyance, and Assurance so made shall be good, Valid, and effectual tcf all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as, to, and ' against

4° GEORGII IV. ii, 759

against the Person and Persons making the same, and his, her, or their Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons claiming or to claim by, frqoi, under, or in Trust for him, her, or> them respectively, or in Remainder,

Reversion, or Expectancy, as aforesaid; and the same shall be deemed, and construed to bar all the Dower of the Wife or Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas the said Company, under the Provisions of this Act, Power for may purchase Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which may be found Resale of inconvenient or unnecessary, or not wanted for the Purposes thereof; be ^tgjn0t it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company

from Time to Time to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture or Indentures under their Common Seal to grant and convey by way of absolute Sale in Fee-Simple, for a Consideration in Money, all or any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which may have been so purchased, and which shall be inconvenient or shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and to purchase other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in. lieu thereof, by virtue of the Powers herein-before contained; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by or from the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Undertaking to sign and give a Receipt or Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipt or Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Money therein and thereby expressed or acknowledged to be received; and such Person or Persons having bona fide paid the same, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money or any Part thereof.

XII. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors are enabled to Restraining purchase Five Statute Acres of Land by virtue of this Act, for the Pur- the Company poses thereof; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corpo- g^ore rations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Persons whomsoever, are etn- than pjve powered to sell such Quantity or Number of Acres to the said Company : Acres of And whereas it is expedient to restrain the said Company from selling any Land from such Lands so purchased from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate,

or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators,

Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in Behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, and again purchasing other Lands from the same or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for pr in Behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes v , -Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to ? (

* ’ 'whom s

7<»0 4? GEO KG II IV. CmP. xxxvii.

whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, in lieu or stead of the Lands so sold; be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to purchase from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in Behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, more than such Five Statute Acres; and in case the said Company shall afterwards sell the Whole or any Part of such Five Statute Acres so purchased, it shall not be lawful for the said Company to purchase of or for the same or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in Behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, to sell to the said Company; any other Lands in lieu or instead of those Five Statute Acres or any Part thereof so sold or disposed of by the said Company.

Capital Stock

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for

35.000l. the said Company to raise and contribute amongst themselves a Sum of Money by way of Capital or Joint Stock, to be applied and used in: establishing and carrying on the said Undertaking and the Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Thirty-five thousand Pounds Sterling, and that the said Company shall not be authorized to exercise; the Powers granted by this Act until the said Sum of Thirty-five thousand Pounds Sterling shall have been subscribed for that Purpose.

Stock to be divided into Shares.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Thirty-five thousand Pounds to be subscribed under the Powers of this Act, shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds Sterling each, and that every Proprietor of a Share or Shares shall be entitled to and interested in the Capital Stock and Effects of the said Company, and the Profits and Advantages attending the same, according to the Number of Shares he or she shall hold; and that all Shares in the said Undertaking, and in the Net Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and not of the Nature of Real Property, and shall be transmissible accordingly.

property of

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Hereditaments* Company an- Manufactories, Gasometers, Machinery, Apparatus, and Works, Goods, swerable for Chattels, and Effects of the said Company and their Successors, shall be Debts. liable and answerable for the just Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the said Company.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the aforesaid Sum of a further Sum Thirty-five thousand Pounds shall be found insufficient for establishing, of 8,750/. completing and maintaining the said Undertaking hereby authorized* and v ii for

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvii. 761

for defraying all necessary Charges relating thereto, then and in such Cases it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or for their Committee of Management, by and with the Advice and Consent of any General Assembly of the Company of Proprietors, from Time to Time to raise any further Sum or Sums of Money for completing their Undertaking, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, among themselves, in such equal Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or by way of Loan on Security of the Property and Effects belonging to the said Company, or by raising and creating new and additional Shares in the said Concern, or by any of the said Ways and Methods; and in case it shall at any Time or Times be deemed advisable by the said Company to raise any Part or Parts of the said further Sum of Eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds by way of Loan, then it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their said Committee of Management for the Time being, by and with the Advice and Direction of any General Assembly of the said Company, to borrow and take up the same at Interest for the said Company, and thereupon to grant, execute, dhd deliver to or in favour of the Lenders thereof, such Mortgages, Bonds, Obligations, or other Securities in Writing as may be required, thereby binding the said Company, and the Estate and Stock in Trade thereof, for the Re-payment of the Sum or Sums so borrowed, with Interest for the same, and in case it shall at any Time or Times be deemed advisable by the said Company to raise any Part or Parts of the said further Sum of Eight thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, by the Creation of new and additional Shares in the said Undertaking, then it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise the same amongst themselves, in such proportion as to them shall seem meet, and for that Purpose to create such Number of new and additional Shares of Fifty Pounds Sterling each, as may be deemed expedient; and every Subscriber towards raising such further Sum by Shares shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and stand interested in all the Profits, Privileges, and Advantages of the said Undertaking, and shall be liable to the like Burthens, in proportion to the Amount of his, her, or their Subscriptions, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been originally Part of the said Capital Stock of Thirty-five thousand Pounds j any thing herein contained to the' contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have For enforcing already subscribed for and towards the said Undertaking, and who shall ^aJsumsof at any Time hereafter have or hold any Share or Shares in the same, shall subscribed, and they are hereby respectively required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, or such Parts or Portions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for pursuant to the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places, to such Person or Pen-sons, and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the said Company or their Committee of Management for the Time being, in manner herein-after mentioned; and in case any Person or Persons shall at any Time neglect or refuse to pay any such Money at such Times and in such Manner as they shall be required as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt or otherwise, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, together with lawful Interest for the same from the appointed Time or Times of Payment.

762

Names of Proprietors to be entered, and Certificates of their Shares delivered to them.

First Meeting of Proprietors.

General Assemblies to be holden.

4" GEORGII IV. xxxvli.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the passing of this Act the Clerk of the said Company shall cause the Names and Designations of the several Persons who shall subscribe for or may at any Time hereafter become entitled to a Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of such Share or Shares, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and the Committee of Management shall cause a Certificate under the Common Seal of the said Company, to be prepared and delivered to every Proprietor upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or she is entitled in the said Undertaking, and such Certificate shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever, as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified, but the Want of such Certificate shall not hinder or prevent the Owner from selling or disposing of such Share or Shares.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That within Thirty Days after the passing of this Act, or as soon as conveniently may be, a General Assembly or Meeting of the Proprietors of Shares shall be holden in Belfast aforesaid, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, of which General Assembly or Meeting Ten Days Notice shall be given, either by Letters delivered or sent by the Post to the said several Proprietors, or by Advertisement in some one Newspaper printed or circulated in the said Town, and shall then and there proceed in the Execution of this Act, and shall or may adjourn to or shall assemble at the same or such other Times and Places as shall be appointed in manner herein-after mentioned; at which General Assembly or Meeting, or at any Adjournment thereof, a .Treasurer or Treasurers, and a Committee of Management consisting of Nine Proprietors to be possessed of Five Shares each at the least, to continue until the Half-yearly Meeting which shall be held in January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, or until others or another shall be appointed in their or any of their stead shall be elected and chosen; and that after the said Committee shall have been elected one of the Members shall be chosen the Chairman, and another Member thereof the Deputy Chairman, and an Engineer shall be named and appointed, if deemed necessary by them; and that until the said Company is so formed and the Committee of Management appointed as aforesaid, the above mentioned John Barlow and Mathew Babington, James Cort, Benjamin Cort, Joseph "Trueman, Thomas Barratt, John Priestman, Thomas Lockwood, and Richard Hole, being qualified in the Manner by this Act directed and not otherwise disqualified shall be the Committee of Management for conducting the Alfairs of the Company.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, in the Months of January and July in each Year, hold a General Assembly or Meeting of the said Proprietors, of which General Assembly or Meeting Ten Days Notice shall be given, either by Letters from the Clerk of the said Company, delivered or sent by the Post to the said several Proprie-torsj or by Advertisement in some one Newspaper printed or circulated in the said Town, and at every General Assembly or Meeting to be holden in the Month of January or some Adjournment thereof, the Committee of Management for the Year ensuing, and the Chairman and Deputy

Chairman

io

4° GEORGII IV. Cdp.xxxvii. 763

Chairman thereof to be elected as aforesaid shall from Time to Time be appointed : Provided that nothing herein contained shall render any one of the Committee, whose Office shall have expired, ineligible to be immediately re-elected upon such Committee of Management, if otherwise duly qualified : Provided also, that no Person shall be qualified to be elected or to serve or act as a Member of the said Committee who shall hold or derive any Place of Profit under the said Company, or during the Time he remains Member of the Committee, either directly or indirectly deal with or sell. to the said Company, or be interested in any Article, Matter, or Thing used or manufactured by the said Company, or concerned or interested in any Contract or Contracts for supplying the same or any of them, or shall not have possessed Five Shares in the said Undertaking for Three Calendar Months at the least; and at any of such General Assemblies or Meetings, the said Company shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Rules, Orders, Bye-laws, and Regulations from Time to Time as to them shall seem- meet and proper for the good Government of the said Undertaking, and for regulating the Proceedings of the said Committee of Management, and the Duties and Conduct of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants to be employed in and about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking in all respects whatsoever; and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, or Bye-laws, or any of them, and to make new or other Orders, and impose such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Officers, Workmen, and Servants of the said Company, and other Persons to be employed in and about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, or in the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings for any one Offence, as to the said Company, at a General Assembly or Meeting shall seem meet and expedient j and all Rules,

Orders, and Bye-laws so made as aforesaid, being reduced into Writing, and the Common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed, shall be binding upon all such Persons, and shall be a sufficient Authority in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same:

Provided nevertheless, that such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws be not repugnant to the Laws or Statutes of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or to any of the express Directions and Provisions of this Act:

Provided also, that Copies of all such Bye-laws shall be affixed and continued in the Office of the said Company: Provided always, that in case of any Assembly of the said Proprietors, the Number of Votes, including the Vote of the Chairman, shall be equal, then and in every such Case the Chairman for the Time being shall have the casting Vote: Provided always, that ac all such Meetings of the said Proprietors to be held as aforesaid, not . fewer in Number than Five Proprietors shall proceed to Business and act in execution of the several Powers hereby given to the said Company of Proprietors; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any of the aforesaid Meetings of the said Proprietors a sufficient Number of the said Proprietors to act or to adjourn, (Five Proprietors being hereby declared sufficient in all Cases to proceed to Business, and Two Proprietors being hereby declared sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only) then and so often as the Case may happen, such Meeting shall stand over and be deemed to be adjourned to the same Day in the following Week, and at the same Place and Hour at which the same'

Meeting ought to have been held as aforesaid.

764

Proprietors to vote according to the Number of their Shares.

Shares standing in the Names of more than One Person, the Person whose Name stands first shall for all the Purposes of this Act be deemed the Owner.

Empowering Proprietors of Shares to vote by Proxy.

4° GEORGII. IV. Caja.xxxvii.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Member of the said Company shall be entitled to be present, or to vote at any General or Special Meeting or Adjournment thereof, unless he shall have subscribed for at least One Share in the Joint Stock of the said Company; and that the Members of the Company shall have One Vote at such General or Special Meetings for every Share he or she shall possess in the said Undertaking, but no Member shall be entitled to more than Fifty Votes, or to vote in respect of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for Payment of any Instalment or Call, to be made or called for as herein-after is mentioned, until such Instalment or Call shall have been paid; and that no Person or Persons shall vote at any General or Special Meeting upon any Question or Questions relating to the Concerns of the said Undertaking in which such Person or Persons shall be in anywise interested, other than as a Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares in the said Joint Stock shall be jointly possessed by or be the Property of more than One Person, the Owner or Proprietor whose Name shall stand first in Order on the Books of the said Company shall for all the Purposes of the said Company be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares; and all Notices required to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares in the said Company, shall and may be given or served upon such Person whose Name shall so stand first in Order in the Books of the said Company; and such Service upon such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Service upon all the Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, for all the Purposes for which such Service is intended to be made upon the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares, and such Person shall be entitled to any Vote or Votes to be given in respect of such Shares.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Female, Infant, or other Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Company’s Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such Shares at any General or Special Assembly or Meeting of the said Company, shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at such General or Special Meetings as aforesaid, either in Person or by Proxy, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. of One of the Proprietors of and

‘ A in the Belfast Gas Light Company, do hereby nominate, constitute, ‘ and appoint C.D. of to be my Proxy, in my Name

‘ and in my Stead to vote or give my Assent to or Dissent from any 6 Business, Matter, or Thing relating to the said Undertaking that shall be mentioned or proposed at the General or Special Assembly of the

‘ said Company, to be holden on the Day of , or

‘ any Adjournment thereof, if I shall not be present, in such Manner as c he the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his Opinion and 6 Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any Thing

* relating thereto. In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand

‘ the Day of

46 GEORGII IV. Cajo.xxxvii. 765

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power 10 Company, at any General Meeting of the said Company, to nominate and Meetirf to appoint, under the Common Seal of the said Company, any Person or appoint a Persons to be Treasurer or Treasurers, and from Time to Time to remove Treasurer or any such Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Company, and to nominate. Treasurers, elect, and appoint another Person or other Persons in his or their Room

or Stead.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That any General Meeting or General General Meetings, specially called for that Purpose, shall have full Power to call s^deTc*0 for and examine and settle the Accounts of the said Company; and that counts, and at every Half-yearly General Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, an Half-yearly Half-yearly Dividend or Dividends shall be made out of the Interest, Meetings to Profits, or Advantages of the said Undertaking, unless such Meeting shall

declare otherwise; and such Dividend or Dividends shall be at and after the Rate of so much for every Fifty Pounds Sterling, upon all and every the Sum and Sums of Money paid to the said Company by the Members thereof, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, as such Meeting or Meetings shall think, fit to appoint and determine, and that no Dividend shall be paid in respect of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for Payment of any Call for Money in respect thereof, until such Call shall have been paid; provided also, that no Dividend shall be made whereby the Capital of the said Company shall be in any Degree re* duced or impaired, and that the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, and Committee of Management who shall make such Dividends, shall be personally responsible to the Proprietors, and also to the Creditors of the said Company, for any Injury which may arise therefrom.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That a Special General Meeting may be called at any Time by the Committee of Management, and also that Five or more Members of the said Company, holding in the Aggregate Fifty Shares or upwards in the said Undertaking, may at any Time, by Writing under their Hands, left at the Office of the said Company, require the Committee of Management to call a Special General Meeting, so as such Requisition fully express the Objects for which such Special General Meeting is required to be called; and in case of Neglect or Refusal of the said Committee to call such Meeting, the same may be called by the said Members, by giving Twenty Days Notice thereof in all the Newspapers printed or circulated in the said Town of Belfast.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management Meetings of to be from Time to Time appointed as aforesaid, or any Three or more Committee, of them, shall hold their Meetings at such Time and at such Place as they and Regula-shall from Time to Time think proper; and that all Questions, Matters, proceedin's'r and Things which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered by the said Committee of Management, at any of their Meetings, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of Members present; and in case

of an equal Number of Votes, including the Vote of the Chairman for the Time being, such Chairman shall have the decisive and casting Vote; and if on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Committee Three Members qualified to vote shall not attend, then and in such Case the Meeting shall be adjourned till the next Day, if not a Sunday, and if the next Day should be a Sunday, then to the Monday following, by the [Local.] 9 H Member

Committee of Five Proprietors may call Special General Meetings.

766 4° GEORGII IV. Cap*xxxvii.

Member or Members then present, or if none be present, then by the £Jerk of the said Company, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place; and that any Three or more Members of the Committee may, at any Time when they shall think fit, call a Meeting of the Committee by causing Three Days Notice in Writing, signed by such Members, to be sent by the Post, or otherwise, to the Residence or Address of every other Member of such Committee, and also renew the Meetings of the Committee, although they may have been discontinued for want of Adjournment, or to institute a new Meeting independent of any Meeting appointed by Adjournment.

Power of

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management

Committee. yor jjme being shall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Company, and appoint the Time and Place for holding General Assemblies or Meetings, and direct the Affairs and Business of the said Undertaking, as well in issuing, receiving, and laying out and disposing of all Sums of Money to be issued or received, laid out or disposed of for the Purposes of the said Company, as in contracting for and purchasing Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods, and Chattels, for the Use of the said Undertaking, and entering into Agreements or Contracts for lighting the said Town, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or the Houses, Shops, or Buildings therein, and in selling and disposing of all Articles produced as aforesaid, and in making, re-? scinding, enforcing, compounding, and compromising all Contracts and Bargains touching or in anywise concerning the same, subject to such Orders, Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations as shall- at any Time be duly made by the said Company, in Restraint, Controiif, or Regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted j and the said Committee of Management shall be at Liberty at any Time to call any Special General Meetings of the said Company, for any Purpose they may think proper* and shall and they are hereby required to take such Security to the said Company of Proprietors from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or other Officer or Officers, or other Persons, for the faithful Execution of their respective Duties, as they shall think proper and adequate to the Trust.

For supplying Vacancies in Committee.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Members of the Committee of Management to be elected by virtue of this Act shall die or become disqualified, or shall for the Space of Two Calendar Months refuse or neglect to attend the Meetings of the said Committee, it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any General or Special Meeting to be held pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to elect some other Proprietor to be a Member of the said Committee in his Stead; and every such Proprietor so elected shall continue in Office as a Member of the said Committee so long as the Person in whose Stead or Place he was elected would have been entitled to have continued, if such Death, Disqualification, Refusal, or Neglect had not happened.

Power to the

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management

a 0loint;ttee l° an(i may aPP°int a Clerk, Officers, Servants, Workmen, and Trades-

Clerks, &c. men t^e sa^ Company, and from Time to Time dismiss, remove, and suspend them, as they shall think fit.

4

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvii.

767

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Treasurer lawful for the said Company to continue or appoint the Person or Persons an<* o* be* the who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution same Personf of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers.shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold'or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Company other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers or other Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Company, shall not issue any Sum or Sums of Money on account of the said Company without an Order of some General or Special Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, or an Order or Orders in Writing, signed by Three or more Members of the said Committee of Management; and that the Receipts of such Treasurer or Treasurers for all Monies payable to him or them on account of the said Company, shall be effectual Discharges for the same.

Treasurer not to issue Money without an Order of General or Special Meeting, or signed by Three of the Committee.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of Proceedings the said Company of Proprietors, and of the Committee of Management, be entered shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and in ^ooks* such Orders and Proceedings so entered, and signed by the Chairman for the Time being of each respective Meeting, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management Committee for the Time being shall have full Power at any Time or Times to make may ma^e such Call or Calls on the several Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Subscribers Undertaking, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, for the Amount of the Subscription for their respective Shares, either in One Payment or by Instalments, as such Committee shall deem requisite or necessary for the Purposes of the said Undertaking; and every Order for a Call shall be signed by Three of the said Com-jnittee of Management for the Time being at least* present at some Meeting of the said Committee, so that no one such. Call do exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for or in respect of any one Share of Fifty Pounds, and so that no Call or Calls be made but at the Distance of Two Months

from

768

In default of Payment on Calls, Shares to be forfeited.

If the Purchase Money for such Shares shall be more than sufficient to pay the Arrears of Calls and Interest and Expences thereon, the Surplus to be paid to the Owner on Demand.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvii.

from another; and the Sum or several Sums of Money so to be called for shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Company for the Time being, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by such Committee, of which Time and Place Twenty-one Days previous Notice shall be given in such Manner as the said Committee shall direct or appoint in that Behalf.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Subscriber, Person or Persons, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Part or Proportion of the Money to be called for by the Committee of Management as aforesaid, by the Time appointed for Payment thereof, then and in such Case such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall (whether or not the same shall then have been sued for in any Court of Law or Equity) absolutely forfeit all his, her, or their Share, Part, and Interest in the said Undertaking and Capital Stock, and all Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her, or them on Account thereof, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, unless otherwise determined by a Special General Meeting; and that all Shares which shall and may be so forfeited shall or may be sold at a public Sale for the most Money that can be gotten for the same, and the Produce thereof shall go to and make Part of the Capital and Joint Stock of the Company; but that no Advantage shall be taken of such Forfeiture of any Share in the said Undertaking as aforesaid until after Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given by the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the said Company, or Three of the Committee of Management, to the Owner or Owners thereof, by Notice in Writing left at his, her, or their usual or last Place of Abode, nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some General or Special Meeting of the said Proprietors, which shall be held not earlier than Three Months next after the said Forfeiture shall happen; and that every such Forfeiture so to be declared shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or .their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, so forfeiting, against all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement between such Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns. '

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Money produced by the Sale of any Share or Shares shall be more than sufficient to pay all such Arrears of Calls as aforesaid, and legal Interest thereon, and the Expences attending the Sale or Sales, the Surplus of such Money shall be paid on Demand to the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged : Provided also, that the said Company or their Committee shall not by virtue of this Act sell or transfer, or direct to be sold or transferred, any more of such Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters! than shall be sufficient as near as may be at the Time of such Call to pay the Arrears due from such Defaulter or Defaulters for or on account of such Call or Calls, and the Interest and Expences attending the same; and from and after Payment of all and every of such Call or Calls, and the Interest and Expences aforesaid, which shall remain in

their

Form of Transfer.

4° GEORGII IV. Ctfjp.xxxvii. 769

their Hands unsold, shall revert to and again become the Property of the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged immediately before such Forfeiture as aforesaid, in such Manner as if such Calls had been duly and regularly paid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Shares may be Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, transferre(1* Successors, and Assigns, to sell and transfer any Share or Shares of which they shall respectively be possessed j and every such Transfer shall or may be in the Form or to the Effect following j (that is to say),

‘ J [or we], of in Consideration of

6 paid to me [or us] by of do hereby

* bargain, sell, and transfer to the said Share or Shares

c [as the Case may he\ in the Belfast Gas Light Company, Number [or

* Numbers] in the said Undertaking; to hold to the said

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the same Conditions, as I

* [or we] held the same Share [or Shares] immediately before the Execution

6 thereof; and I [or we] the said do hereby agree to take and

6 accept the said Share [or Shares], subject to the said Rules, Orders, Re-‘ strictions, and Conditions. As witness our Hands and Seals this

*■ Day of in the Year of our Lord .’

And every such Transfer shall be produced to the Clerk of the said Com- Transfer to pany, and shall be registered by him in the Books of the said Company, be registered, for which the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid to such Clerk and no more; and the registering thereof shall specify the Dates,

Names of the Parties, and the Numbers of Shares transferred; and a Copy of such Registry, signed by the said Clerk, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Transfer, and be received andadmitted as such; and until suchTransfer shall be registered in the Book of the said Company, no Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be deemed a Proprietor, or have any Part of the Profit of the said Undertaking, or in the Profits or Advantages thereof, nor shall receive any Interest or Dividends for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, nor be entitled to any Vote at any Meeting or Meetings as a Member or Members of the said Undertaking in respect of such Share or Shares until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after such Transfer shall have been registered.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after any Call No Share

for Money shall have been made by virtue of this Act, no Person or Per- be sold after sons shall sell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall a Call till the possess in the said Undertaking after the Day appointed for Payment of the called

said Call, until the Money so called for, in respect of his, her, or their ior ls paid* Shares intended to be sold, shall be paid; and until such Money so called

for shall be paid, any such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be void; and all and every Person or Persons making Default herein, shall be subject and liable to forfeit such his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, unless he, she, or they shall at the Time of such Sale or Transfer pay to the Treasurer of the said Company the full Sum of Money called for upon every Share to be sold or transferred, such Forfeiture nevertheless to be first notified and declared in- manner directed [Local.'] ♦ • 9 I by

770

Executors indemnified in paying Calls.

Company not to sue the original Proprietors for any Calls upon forfeited Shares.

For ascertaining the Proprietorship of Shares in certain Cases.

Power to break up the Soil and Pavement of

4° GEOU.GII IV C«j».xxxvii.

by this Act with respect to the Forfeiture of Shares for not answering the Calls to be made thereon as aforesaid,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall die before Payment shall have been made by him, her, or them of the full Sum to be called for or in respect thereof as aforesaid, without having made any sufficient Provisions by Will, or otherwise, how such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how the future Calls in respect thereof shall be answered, that then and in such Case the Executors of Administrators of such Proprietor and Proprietors, or other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of such Proprietor and Proprietors, shall be indemnified against such Persons whomsoever, for paying any Money which shall be called for as aforesaid in respect of the Share or Shares of such deceased Proprietor.

XL. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall empower the said Company to sue the original Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares which shall be declared to be forfeited in Manner and according to the Tenor, true Intent and Meaning of this Act, except as to any such Share or Shares as shall revert as herein-before directed, for any Call or Calls for Money subsequent to the Declaration of such Forfeiture; but when any such forfeited Share or Shares shall be sold, the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall be liable to the future Calls in the same Manner as if he, she, or they had been the original Proprietor or Proprietors of such Share or Shares.

XLI. And whereas in case any original Holder or Proprietor of one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become insoh vent or bankrupt, go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his or her Right or Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the Clerk of the said Company, to know who is or are the Owner or Proprietor, or Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where the Right and Property in one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subscribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof in the Form and Manner herein-before specified, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by a credible Person before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County of Antrim, 6t before a Master or Master Extraordinary of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath 01- have passed to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, and that such Affidavit shall be delivered to the Clerk of the said Company, to the Intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every SUCh other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Registry Book or List of Subscribers and Proprietors in the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Company.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by their Servants, Agents, Workmen and others,

8 ' - from

4° GEORGII IV. Gtf^.xxxvii. 771

from Time to Time to make and erect such Retorts, Gasometers, Receivers, and other Buildings, Cisterns, Engines, and other Apparatus, p^nd Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, Reservoirs, and Works and De- lighting vices, and to sink and lay Pipes, and to fix them against any Walls, or Houses, &c< ill Posts or Pillars in the Streets and Roads, of such Construction, and in such Manner as the said Company shall think necessary or proper for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution; and also to break up the Soil arid Pavements of any Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways, Lanes,

Passages, and other Places, or any Part of them, or either of them, and to dig and sink Trenches and Drams, and lay Mains or Pipes, and put Stopcocks, Syphons, Plugs, or Branches from such Pipes, in, under* across, and along such Places as aforesaid, and in such Manner as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and from Time to Time to alter the Position of, and repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes, Stopcocks, Syphons, Plugs, and Branches, and also to carry, fit up, fix, and furnish any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks of Branches, or other necessary Apparatus, from any Main or Pipe laid in any Street, Roady Highway, Lane, Passage, or other Place by the said Company by virtue of this Act, in, through, or against arty Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same, or any public or private Lamp, from any such Mains or Pipes, and to erect and set Up any other Apparatus necessary or requisite for* securing to any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public of private Buildings, a proper and competent Supply of Gas, or for measure ing or ascertaining the Extent of such Supply, and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which shall have been placed, Of which shall be injured or damaged in such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, and to do all such other Acts,

Matters, and Things, as the said Company and their Successors shall from Time to Time think necessary for completing, amending, repairing, improving, supplying, and using the same; provided proper Compensation be made for any Damage which may be done thereby; but nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Company to carry, lay, or fix any Pipe or Pipes - through or against any Dwelling House of Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises, for the Purpose of lighting the same, or to continue the same without the Consent of the Owner and Occupier of any such Dwelling House of Houses, Manufactory, public or private Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises, through or against which any Pipe or Pipes may be carried or laid for the Purposes aforesaid.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained Not to lay shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Company Pipes with-of Proprietors to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes in, to, through, or °ut Consent upon any private Lands or Grounds, or to enter thereon, or to break up °nd occr8 the Soil thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the said Owner and piers. Owners and Occupier and Occupiers thereof for that Purpose.

XLIV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or Pavement empower, Or be construed or deemed to authorize or empower, the said only to be Company or their Successors, to break up the Soil or Pavement of any ^t^Consent Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways, Lanes, Passages, or other Places, or of Commis-any Part of them, or either of them, within or under the Jurisdiction of the sioners of

said PavinS-

Requiring Company to re-instate Pavement, &c. after the Pipes have been laid down.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxv ii.

said Commissioners and Committee of Police, without the Consent of the said Commissioners and Committee, or of the Majority of these Bodies respectively, first had and obtained in Writing, unless the same shall be necessary for the Purpose of stopping up or preventing any Leak or Leaks in any of the Pipes, Branches, or other Parts of the Apparatus of the said Company, or of preventing any other Defect in or Nuisance created by the said Pipes, Branches, or other Parts of the said Apparatus, and for or on account of the Existence whereof the said Company or their Successors might or would be liable to any Penalty under the Provisions of this Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That whenever and so often as the said Company shall have lawfully broken up or removed the Stones, Ground, Soil, or Pavement in or of any Street, Road, Highway, Lane, or public Place, or any Part thereof, the said Company shall, and they are hereby required immediately thereafter to reinstate and make good such Ground,' Soil; or Pavement in as good and sound a State or Condition as the same was or were in at the Time of being so broken up, and to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor of the Commissioners or Trustees of such Pavement, Solly or Ground respectively, and the said Company shall carry away all surplus Earth, Filth, and Rubbish occasioned thereby at their own Costs and Charges; and that during the Works of the said Company, and reinstating such Ground, Soil, or Pavement as aforesaid, the said Company shall provide proper Watchmen with necessary Lights at Night, and otherwise secure and guard the said Works, so as to prevent any Damage or Inconvenience happening to Passengers, Cattle, or Carriages; and in case the said Company shall neglect and make default in making good and re-instating such Ground, Soil, or Pavement as aforesaid, within Twenty-four Hours next after Notice given to or left for the said Company at their Manufactory or Office, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees to re-instate and make good such Ground, Soil, or Pavement, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be reimbursed and repaid by the said Company or their Treasurer to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or their respective Treasurer; and in default of Payment thereof, within Five Days next after Demand thereof in Writing shall have been made by the Clerk of the said Commissioners or Trustees, Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witness before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, all such Sum or Sums of Money so paid by them shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to the said Commissioners or Trustees or their Treasurer; and in case the said Company shall neglect to provide proper Watchmen with necessary Lights at Night, and otherwise secure and guard the said Works as aforesaid, the said Company shall for every such Neglect forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied in the same Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed.

4° GEORGII IV. ii.

773

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if, in carrying into Execution ^.°^t^ter any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act given or granted, any Injury ater

or Damage shall be done or committed to any of the Pipes, Branches, Apparatus, Materials, or Things by Means whereof the said Town of Belfast or any Part thereof is or shall be supplied with Water, either by removing or disturbing the Ground or Soil wherein or whereon the same is or are laid or placed, or by the Compression or subsequent settling or lowering of the same at any Time or Times afterwards, or by any other Means whatsoever, the said Company shall at their own Expence, Costs, and Charges, within Twenty-four Hours next after Notice in Writing to them given by the Person or Persons who may have the due Care and Management of the said Water Pipes, shall have such Pipes, Branches,

Apparatus, Materials, and Things well and effectually repaired and amended; and in Default or Neglect thereof it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Spring or Pipe Water of the said Town, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Pipes, Branches, Apparatus, Materials, and Things so injured and damaged as aforesaid, to be effectually repaired, amended, and made good, and the reasonable Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences attending the same shall be paid and defrayed by the said Company, or their Treasurer, and if they cannot agree touching the Amount or Value thereof, the same shall be ascertained and settled by any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction in the said Town, who is hereby authorized to hear and determine the same; and such Damages and Expences, together with such Costs and Charges as shall be by him allowed, shall be levied and recovered by Warrant of Distress under his Hand and Seal, unless an Appeal be entered as hereinafter expressed against the said Decision.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as the said For the Pro-Company, their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, shall dig or sink any tection of Trench or Trenches for laying any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, or v ater 1*>es' other Apparatus, or shall open any Ground for the Purposes of this Act, or any of them, in, upon, or near to which any Water Pipe or Water Pipes shall have been laid or placed for the Purpose of conveying Water into or about the said Town, or any Branch of any such Water Pipe, for the Service or Supply of any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, the said Company, their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, shall and they are hereby required to give previous Notice thereof to the Proprietor or Proprietors or Person or Persons having the Control of such Water Pipes for the Time being, or to the Occupier of such Dwelling House, Manufactory, public or private Building supplied by such Branch or Service Pipe, as the Case may be, and on every such Occasion the said Company, their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, shall, under the Direction and Inspection of such Proprietors or Persons, or Occupiers, or their, his, or her Surveyor or Agent, as the Case may be, protect and secure such Pipe or Pipes from any Injury or Damage, and shall also repair and make good any Damage that shall or may be done to any such Watqr Pipe or Pipes on any such Occasion, and in Default being made in any of the Matters aforesaid, the said Company shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall also pay to such Proprietors or Persons, or Occupiers, as the Case may be, the Costs and Expences which shall have been incurred.by them, him, or her in the securing and protecting, or in repairing and making good any Injury or [Local9 K Damage

7 74

4° GEORGII IV. C^.xxxViL

Damage that may be done to such Pipe or Pipes by the Means aforesaid, such Costs and Expences to be ascertained by any Justice of the Peace for the said County, and to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, and*

Gas Pipes to

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Pipes or other

shall be so laid at the greatest practicable Distance, and whenever the Width of the Carriage Way in such Street or Place will allow thereof, at the Distance of Three Feet at least from the nearest Part of any Water Pipe already laid down or hereafter to be laid down, for the Conveyance of Water in, under, through, along, across, or round any of the said

said Water Pipes, at the greatest practicable Distance therefrom, and shall form therewith a Right Angle), and that in such Cases the said Gas Pipes so crossing the said Water Pipes shall be at least Six Feet in Length, so that no Joint of any of the said Gas Pipes shall be nearer to any Part of the said Water Pipes than Three Feet at least, and also that

and every such Pipes, and all Pipes connected or communicating therewith, and all the Screws, Joints, Inlets, Apertures, or Openings therein respectively Air-tight, and in all and every respect prevent the said Gas from escaping therefrom, and from any Part thereof, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

teredit Uom- "'J "/ ;— ——"& —

virtue of the said recited Acts, to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the Situation

at the Expence, Costs, and Charges of the said Commissioners, within Two Calendar Months next after being required so to do by Notice in Writing to them given by the said Commissioners, raise, sink, or alter such Mains, Pipes, Stopcocks, Plugs, or Branches, according to. such Notice, in such Manner and in such Place or Places as the said Commissioners shall think right or proper; and in default thereof it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor (at the like Costs and Charges of the said Commissioners), or any other Person or Persons acting by their Order or under their Authority, to cause such Mains, Pipes, Stopcocks, Plugs, or Branches to be raised, sunk, or altered as aforesaid, so that in either of the said Cases no Damage be done;

which Warrant such Justice and Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant.

be laid Three Conduits to be laid or used for the Conveyance of Gas in, under, through. Feet from along, across, or round any Street or other Place in the said Town,

Streets or other Places in the said Town (unless in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to lay the Gas Pipes across any of the said Water Pipes, in which Case the said Gas Pipes shall be laid over and above the

the said Company shall properly form the jointing of the Gas Pipes with proper and sufficient Materials, and shall also make and keep all

Situation of

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if for the Purposes of the said

desire it. of any of the Mains, Pipes, Stopcocks, Plugs, or Branches which shall be

laid down for the Purposes of this Act within the present or future Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, the said Company of Proprietors shall,

thereby to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors.

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvii. 775

*: L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Situation of Company of Proprietors or their Successors should at any Time hereafter th? PlP8 break up the Soil, Pitching, or Pavement of any Private Road, for the maybeal-* Purpose of laying any Main or Pipe along, under, or across the same, tered on Re-then and in every such Case they the said Company of Proprietors quest of Pro-or their Successors shall, upon Application made to them for that Pur- Pnetors* pose, by the Owner or Owners of the Soil for the Time being, lay such Main or Pipe in such Part of such Road or Roads as such Owner or Owners shall direct, and after the same shall have been so laid and placed, it shall be lawful for such Owner or Owners at any Time or Times thereafter, if he, she, or they should deem it necessary or expedient, and at his, her, or their own Costs and Charges, to alter and vary the Position of such Pipe or Pipes, Main or Mains, and to relay the same, so that no Damage be done thereby to the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, and so that they be not thereby prevented from or obstructed in lighting any Public or Private Lamp within the said Town, or the present or future Limits and Precincts thereof, unless such Damage or Obstruction be unavoidable.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by the raising. Company to sinking, or altering any of the said Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, or Branches be remune-which shall be laid down for the Purposes of this Act, either by the said rated for Loss

i ' j sustained by

Commissioners or any such Owner as last mentioned, any Damage shall aiteringPipes* be done, accrue, or be sustained to or by the said Company of Proprietors &c. in certain and their Successors, then and in every such Case such Damage to be fixed Cases, and ascertained by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Antrim, shall be made good to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors by the said Commissioners, or by the said Owner or Owners, as the Case may be, as soon as Circumstances permit; and in Default of Payment thereof by any such Owner or Owners for One Calendar Month after Demand shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, or by their Clerk or Superintendant, Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witness before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner and Owners, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Costs and Charges shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, as the Case may require.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Com- Penalty for pany shall at any Time empty, drain, or convey, or cause or suffer to be conveying emptied, drained, or conveyed, or to run or flow,any Washings or other waste Liquids, Substances, or Things whatsoever, which shall arise or be Streams, produced in the Prosecution of the said Gas Works or in the Manufacture or Process of making or procuring such Gas, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, Springhead, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or do or cause to be done any Annoyance, Act, or Thing to the Water contained in any such River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir,

< Aqueduct,

776 4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xxxvii.

Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, or Springhead, Well, Drain, Sewer, or Ditch, then and in every such case the said Company shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered together with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and the Whole thereof shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same : Provided always, that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable unless the same be sued for within Twelve Calendar Months from the - i (! Time of such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing shall have ceased and determined : Provided also, that over and above and in addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds (and whether such tr ro ! Penalty shall have been sued for or recovered or not), and incase any of the said Washings or other Waste Liquids or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things shall be emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, or any Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, Springhead, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or any such Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given by any Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoeverj to the said Company, and the said Company shall not, within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice shall have been given to them or him as aforesaid, stop, hinder, or prevent all and every such Washings, Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things from being drained, conducted, or conveyed or from running or flowing in manner aforesaid, and every such other Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury,

* Damage, Act, or Thing from being done as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Company shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty "i", Pounds for each and every Day such Washings, Waste Liquids, of noi-nr r r: ) > some or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things shall be so emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be so done or caused to be done as aforesaid; and such last-mentioned Penalty shall and may be recovered and levied in such and the like Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is in and by this Act directed to be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Informer or to the Person or Persons who in the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Conviction shall take place shall have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage by any such Act so done or committed.

, ,• yf • ,j .j!. J, liV.\\ 'N JiU.Jj *•' fJj&S

Power for the LHL And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons , Company to Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall have the Controul or Super-contract for intendance of the paving and lighting of the several Squares, Streets, Ung* Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places within the said Town or Roads adjacent, and shall be desirous of having suchof the said Squares, Streets^ Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places lighted with Gas, the said Company of Proprietors may, and they are hereby empowered to contract and agree with the said Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic pr Corporate, to light the same with Gas, upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter J 7 specified j

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvii.

specified; that is to say, that the said Company shall supply such Quantity of Gas Lights, and such Number of Lamps, with such Sorts of Burners, of such Dimensions, Constructions, and Qualities, to be set up ip such Situations, and to continue burning at such Times and for such Number of Hours, and under such Regulations as the said Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall from Time to Time direct; and upon the said Company’s receiving annually for every such Public Lamp so required some yearly Price or Sum to be mutually arranged and contracted for between the said Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, and the said Company.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Company shall Company to and they are hereby directed and required to supply the Streets and other 8l,pply bet-public Places in the said Town with Gas of such Quality as shall at aJJ«£heaper Times afford a cheaper and better Light than could be obtained from Oil, Light and every Contract or Agreement which shall be entered into for lighting Oil. with Gas any Street or Place by the said Company shall contain a Clause providing that it shall be obligatory on the said Company that such Street or Place shall at all Times be better and cheaper lighted by the said Company than could be done by Oil, according to the average Expence of lighting with Oil, for the Space of Three Years immediately preceding. 1

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Branch or Service Pipes, which Service Pipes shall be put up by the said Company for lighting the Streets or other Places be bept in the said Town under any Contract or Agreement, shall be kept fully charged with Gas, and the Stopcocks shall be so formed and turned as not to impede or prevent the said Branch or Service Pipes being completely filled with Gas during the Time the same shall be lighted.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall lay No Pipes of or cause to be laid any Iron, Leaden, or other Pipe, to communicate with Communica-any Pipe belonging to the said Company, without the Consent of the said *?" Company under their Common Seal first had and obtained, with an In-, consent of tention to defraud the said Company, or supply any Inhabitant or other the Company. Person with any Part of such Gas, on pain of forfeiting and paying to the said Company for each and every such Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings a Day for every Day such Pipe shall so remain, or such Burner or Burners, which shall not have been provided by the said Company shall be used, or such Excess be so committed, or such Supply furnished; to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under , the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Antrim, or other Justice or Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction where the said Offence shall have been committed; and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to grant; and the Surplus, after such Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeiture and Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Antrim, or to the Bridewell of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Three

9 L

Calendar

778

* 4 '

4° GEORG11 IV. Cap- xxxvii.

Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and it shall be lawful for the said Company, if they shall so think fit, also to take off the Supply of Gas from the House and Premises of the Person so offending, notwithstanding any Contracts or Agreements which may have been previously entered into.

Recovery of

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Rents. who shall contract with the said Company, or agree to take or shall use or enjoy the Benefit of the said Gas in their private Dwellings, Shops, Inns, Taverns, or other public or private Buildings or Manufactories, shall refuse or neglect for the Space of One Calendar Month after Demand in Writing, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money then due for the same to the said Company, according to the Terms and Stipulations with the said Company, it shall be lawful for the said Company or their Clerk or Superintendantj or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Antrim, or other Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction, to levy the said Sum or Sums in respect whereof such Refusal or bfeglect shall happen, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, after the necessary Charges of making such Distress shall be first deducted; and also that after such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or their Clerk or Engineer, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to cause the Gas so supplied to any such private Dwellings, Shops, Inns, Taverns, or other public or private Buildings, Manufactories, or Places as aforesaid, to be withheld in such Manner as the said Company or their Clerk or Engineer shall for that Purpose think proper.

Penalty for

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wantonly or interrupting maliciously hinder or interrupt the said Company, or their Deputies, Company’s Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or any of them, in doing or performing

or men. any of the Works, or in exercise of any of the Powers and Authorities

by this Act granted, or shall in anywise cause or procure such Interruption or Hindrance to take place, and should be thereof convicted before any Justice or Justices of the said Town, or other Justice having Jurisdiction therein, either on Evidence of any credible Witness, or by Confession of the Party accused, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company any Sum to be adjudged by such Justice or Justices, not exceeding Five Pounds; and such Sum so adjudged shall be recovered in the like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may by virtue of this Act be recovered.

Penalty for

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully, wilfully da- wantonly, or maliciously remove, take away, break, destroy, damage, or magingPipes, injure any, or any Fart of any Pipe, Pedestal, Post, Plug, Lamp, or other &c* Apparatus, Matter, or Thing belonging to the said Company, or shall wil-

fully, wantonly, or maliciously extinguish or put out any or either of th? public Lamps and Lights, and wilfully or maliciously waste any of the Inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, every Person so offending in any one or either of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof

7 lawfully

779

4° GEORGII IV. C*j».xxxvii.

lawfully convicted on the Oath of One credible Witness before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Antrim, or Justice or Justices having Jurisdiction where such Offence shall have been committed, shall, for each such separate and distinct Offence, forfeit and pay to the aforesaid Company any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the full Amount of the Damage to be done, as the same shall be ascertained by such Justice or Justices; such Penalty and Damage, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied under the Warrant of such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; or if it shall appear to the said Justice or Justices, either by Confession or otherwise, that the Offender or Offenders hath or have not any Goods or Chattels sufficient to levy such Forfeiture or Damage as aforesaid, such Offender or Offenders shall or maybe forthwith committed to the House of Correction, or to the Common Gaol of the said County of Antrim, or to the Bridewell for the said County, there to remain for any Time to be fixed, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until such Forfeiture, Damage, and Costs, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Satisfaction carelessly or accidentally break, destroy, throw down, damage, or injure acc^^ any Lamp or Lamps hung out, set up, or belonging to the said Com- ^Lamps,0"6 pany, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their private Expence, &c. or any Pipe, Pedestal, Post, Plug, or other Apparatus, Matter, or Thing belonging thereto, or to the said Company, or carelessly or accidentally waste any of the Inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, or keep the Lights burning for a longer Time than he, she, or they respectively shall contract to pay for, and shall not upon Demand by the said Company, or their Clerk or Superintendant, or other Person or Persons authorized by them, make Satisfaction for the Damage done, or the Excess of Gas obtained and used, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Antrim, or other Justice or Justices having legal Jurisdiction where such Damage shall have been done, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to summon before him or them the Party or Parties against whom such Complaint shall be preferred; and upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or on Non-appearance of the Party or Parties complained against, to award such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction to the said Company, or to such other Person or Persons (as the Case may require), for such Damages or Excess, as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable, not exceeding the Amount of the Damage done; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums so awarded within Ten Days after Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, or any One of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause the same to be raised and be levied in such and the like Manner as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is by this Act directed to be raised and levied.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be Penalty for found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or *llowinS *he set up by the said Company in pursuance of this Act, the said Com- G^pe 0 pany

780

Company to remove Nuisances, and Penalty on them for ne-lecting to , do so.

Company to be liable to

4° GEORGII IV. C#/?.xxxvii.

pany shall, at their own Expence, immediately after receiving Notice in Writing of any such Escape of Gas, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Company shall not, within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice in Writing being given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from escaping, and remove the Cause of Complaint, that then and in every such Case the said Company shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Expiration of any such Notice, during which Time the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid, which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recoverable in a summary Way, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before some One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to be granted in like Manner and subject to the like Provisions, and to be recovered and applied in manner herein directed touching other Penalties to be recovered from the said Company.; *

LXII. And be it further enacted, That when any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Inhabitant Householder of the said Town or the Suburbs thereof, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be aggrieved by any public or private Nuisance committed by the said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, in respect of any Works of the said Company, or the Means which shall be employed by them in manufacturing the said Gas and using the same, pr furnishing such Light as aforesaid, or from any other Cause whatever, and shall give Notice in Writing to the said Company of the Existence of any such public or private Nuisance, the said Company shall at their own Expence, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to remove and abate such public or private Nuisance from continuing; and in case the said Company shall not within One Day next after such Notice in Writing being given as aforesaid, of any such public or private Nuisance, remove and abate the same, to the Satisfaction of One or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, or other Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction, that then and in every such Case the said Company shall for every Day such public or private Nuisance shall be permitted to exist after the Expiration of such Notice, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Shillings for each and every Day after the Expiration of One Day from the Time of receiving any such Notice, during which the said public or private Nuisance shall be permitted or suffered to exist, which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recoverable on Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Information to be laid and exhibited before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, or other Justice or Justices having legal Jurisdiction, and shall and may be recovered with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, by Warrant of any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, to be granted in like Manner, and subject to the like Provisions, and to be recovered and go to and be paid as herein-before directed, touching other Penalties to be recovered from the said Company.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in thi5 Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any i Person

4 GEORGII IV. C«/lxxxvii.

Person or Persons from proceeding, by Indictment or otherwise, against afiy of the Officers, Servants, or Workmen of the said Company, in respect of any Works, or the Means which shall be employed by them in making the said Gas and using the same, or furnishing such Lights as aforesaid, as a public or private Nuisance, or from bringing any Action or Actions against the said Company or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works, or the Use of the said Gas or the Method of lighting therewith, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Preparation or Use of the same Gas, or the Method of lighting, or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of the Person employed therein, or from any other Causes whatever.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matter contained in any Information or Complaint, for any Offence against this Act, either on Behalf of the Prosecution or on Behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and shall refuse or neglect to appear from Time to Time after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum of Money for his, her, or their Costs and Expences at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect of appearing, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer, and give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, then and in such Case every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds according to the Discretion of such Justice or Justices, provided a reasonable Sum shall have been paid or tendered to such Person for Attendance as a Witness.

F- ■' •'>. :f;‘v '; 1 ‘ j >t#;.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, or by any Rule, Order, or Bye-law made in pursuance thereof, the Manner of levying or recovering and the Application whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed, shall be levied by. Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the! Hand and Seal of some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Antrim, or other Justice of the Peace having legal Jurisdiction, which Warrant such Justice is hereby required and empowered to grant, upon Confession, of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of one or more credible. Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, which Oath such Justice is hereby required and empowered to administer; and One Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, (if any), on Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so‘ distrained, (the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted,} shall be paid to the Informer, the other Moiety thereof sHaiil be paid to the Treasurer of the Belfast incorporated, Charitable Society, to be by them applied towards the Purposes of the said Charity 5 and in case such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith pid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody, until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient ''StUcuHty"tb•■'tfte^'Satisfacfibt’i of such' Justice for his or their • [Local.2 M Appearance

781

be indicted for Nuisance and Damages

For compelling the Attendance of Witnesses, and respecting the Service of Notices.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

782 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxxii.

Appearance before such Justice, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Twenty-one Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon Return of such Warrant, it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or any other Justice of the Peace for the said County of Antrim, or other Justice having legal Jurisdiction, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the said County, or to the Bridewell for the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

Persons giv-

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Witness or Witnesses ing false who shall be examined by or before any Justice of the Peace, or otherwise be^unished un^er this Act, upon Oath, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evi-v ' dence, and shall be thereof convicted, he, she, or they so giving false Evidence shall be subject to the same Punishment as if he, she, or they had been convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LXVII. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect following shall be good, without alleging more than the Substance of the Offence $ (that is to say),

Form of ‘ DE it remembered. That on the Day of , in the Year

Conviction. 13 our Lorcj One thousand eight hundred and,

4 is convicted before me One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the 4 Town of Belfast in the County of Antrim, or [as the Case

may be~\, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign ‘ of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, [here insert the Title of this Act~\ of having [here specify the Offence, and the Time 4 and Place when and where the same was committedcontrary to the said Act, and for which I do adjudge the said to have for-

feited the Sum of . Given under my Hand and

4 Seal the Day and Year first above written.’

Information

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, Body or to be lodged Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall be subject or liable to the Payment

within Six Gf any Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture imposed by this Act for any Offence

Mont is. or offences against the same, or any Order or Bye-law made in pursuance thereof, herein-before made cognizable before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, unless Information respecting such Offence or Offences shall have been lodged before some Justice or Justices of the Peace, within Six Calendar Months next after the committing of such Offence or Offences.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied under the Authority of

this Act, or any Order or Bye-law made in pursuance thereof, the Dis-

tress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any

9 Defect

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form.

For the more easy Conviction of Offenders.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvii. 783

Defect or Want of Form in any Proceeding relating thereto, nor a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any subsequent Irregularity in the prosecuting of such Distress, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover Satisfaction for Special Damages by Action on the Case.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, or any Order, Rule, or Bye-law made in pursuance thereof, nor any Judgment or Determination to be made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, or removeable by Certiorari.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace holding Justices any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be qualified to act as holding such in the Execution of this Act. ' actT such"

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein it may be Directing requisite or necessary for any Person or Persons, or Party or Parties, to what may be serve any Notice or Notices upon the said Company, or any Writ or service of Writs or other legal Proceedings, the Service thereof upon the Clerk Notice, &c. of the said Company, or at the Office of such Clerk, or left at his last on the Com-or usual Place of Abode, or at the Office of the said Company, or upon Pany* any Member of the said Committee, or left at his last and usual Place of Abode, or upon any Agent or other Officer employed by the said Company, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Company.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff shall recover in plaintiff not any Action for any such Irregularity or Trespass or other Proceedings, to recover if if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Tender Party or Parties who committed or caused to be committed any such Irre- s e gularity. Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Actions shall be brought; and in case no such Tender shall be made before the Commencement of such Action, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, by Leave of the Court, before Issue shall be joined, to pay into Court such Sums of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgment shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court as in other Actions wherein a Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Body or Appeal may Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons be mad© to whomsoever, who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved Quayter by any Rule, Order, or Bye -law of the said Company of Proprietors, or any besslons# thing done in pursuance thereof, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, may within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at a General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place where the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given at least

Ten

784 4° GEORGII IV. C«j».xxxvii.

Ten Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the said Company, and forthwith after such Notice entering into Recognizance before the said Justice of the Peace for the County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, shall in a summary Way hear and determine such Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County or Place, and if they see Cause may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of any such Rule, Bye-law, Order, or Determination, and shall and may also award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, or Costs to either of the Parties, as they shall judge reasonable and proper; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Saving of Rights.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to defeat, abridge, obstruct, or in any Manner prejudically affect or interfere with any of the Rights, Powers, Privileges, Jurisdictions, Immunities, or Authorities of the Marquis of Donegal or the Sovereign, or of the Commissioners or Committee for the Time being acting under or by virtue of the said recited Acts of the Fortieth and Fifty-sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, or of any Act or Acts which shall or may hereafter be in force for the Regulation and Improvement of the said Town of Belfast, or of any Trustees, Surveyors, or other Persons having the Controul, Superintendance, Direction or Management of lighting or paving the said Town, or the Rights of any Person or Persons whomsoever to pave, amend or repair any of the said Streets or public Places, or to make, enlarge, repair, or amend any Sewer, Drain, or Vault under any Street, Way or public Place within the said Town, or the Rights, Powers, and Authorities of the Trustees acting under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing and amending the several Roads passing through the said Town, or approaching to the said Town, or of any other Seigniories, Rights, Royalties, Franchises, Powers, or Authorities now held and enjoyed by the said Bailiffs and Burgesses within the said Town, and which are from henceforth to be held and enjoyed by them in the same full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been passed.

Public Acc.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for establishing an additional Company for lighting the City and Suburbs of Dublin with Gas.

[23d 1823.]

WHEREAS it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the City and Suburbs of Dublin, and to the Police of the said City, if additional Means were provided for lighting the Streets and other public Passages and Places in the said City and Suburbs thereof, public Buildings, Houses, Shops, and Manufactories therein : And whereas Inflammable Air, procured from Coal, Turf, Peat, and other Substances, and conveyed by Means of Pipes, may be safely and beneficially used for further lighting the several Streets, Squares, and other Places within the said City, and the Suburbs of the said City and Places adjacent, and for lighting private Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, and public Works, Manufactories, public and other Buildings; and Coke obtained from such Coal may be beneficially employed as Fuel in private Houses and Manufactories; and Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil also obtained therefrom may be used and applied in various other Ways with great Advantage : Ant} whereas the several Persons herein-after named are willing and desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, to effect the Purposes aforesaid; but the same cannot be carried fully and completely into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by \JLocal.~\ 9 N the

786

Proprietors.

Incorporated.

47 G. 3. sess.2. c.!09.

Works not to

be erected within certain Limits without the Con* sent of the Justices.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii.

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Lunell Guinness, Joseph Robinson Pirn, Robert Roe, Abraham Lane, Daniel O’Conerell, Solomon Watson, William Harding, Robert Simpson, Joshua Mason Chaytor, Nicholas Mahon, John Murray, Isaac Stewart, William Alexander, Edward Alexander, Robert Orr, Peter Brophy, James Gar rat t, Richard Garratt, Thomas Gresham, James Patterson, William Beauman, John Mills, John Charles Bacon, John Duffy, Andrew Rogers, James Greenham, John Tollerton, Samuel Tollerton, Wilcox Hubard, George MacBride, Jonathan Pirn, George Milner, J. T. O'Reilly, Fitzgerald,

David Kearney, William Moore, John Burn, George Meara, Henry Perry, John Nowland, and Robert Williams, and all and every such other Person or Persons as have already become Subscribers, or from Time to Time shall subscribe and be duly admitted Members into the said Company, and their respective Successors, shall be and they are hereby declared to be one Body Politic and Corporate^ by the Name of ‘ The Hibernian Gas Light Company/ and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a common Seal, and by that-Name shall and may sue and be sued; and that the said Company of Proprietors shall be established for the Purpose of producing Inflammable Air, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammo-niacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, from Coal and other Substances; and shall have full Power to enter into any Contracts with the Commissioners acting in the Execution of an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Improvement of the City of Dublin and the Environs thereof, or with any other Person or Persons having the Controul, Direction, or Management of the lighting of the said City of Dublin and Environs and Places adjacent, or any of the Liberties or Precincts thereof respectively, or any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, willing and desirous of contracting and having Power and Authority to contract with the said Company of Proprietors for the lighting of the said City and Environs and Places adjacent, or any Part thereof, or any Streets, Squares, public Market Places, or Manufactories, or private Houses, or Places of public Exhibition, Shops, Counting Houses, or Warehouses, or other Places or Buildings within the said City or Environs, or Places adjacent, or Liberties or Precincts aforesaid \ and to sell and dispose of such Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, and all other Products arising from Coal and other Substances; and shall have full Power to purchase Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises to them and their Successors or Assigns, for the Use of the said Undertaking, but for no other Use or Purpose.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to erect or establish any Manufactory or Manufactories, Gasometer or Gasometers, or any Building or Buildings, or Work or Works to be used or necessary for the making or procuring Gas within the Limits oyer which the Powers of the said Commissioners, or other Persons acting in the Execution of the said Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty extend, except the same be erected between the Great Canal Quay and Forbes’s Street on the East, and Great Clarence Street on the West, without the

io Consent

4° GEORGII IV. (Vxxxviii. ' 787

Consent and Approbation of the Justices of the Peace, at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the City of Dublin, or at some Adjournment thereof, on pain of forfeiting for every Day any such Manufactory or Manufactories, Gasometer or Gasometers, Building or Buildings, or Work or Works shall be so used, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by the said Commissioners, or other Persons acting in the Execution of the said Act, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dub-liny wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager at Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the said Sum, when recovered, shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or other Persons aforesaid, to be by them applied and disposed of towards and in aid of any Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments made or to be made under the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Directors of the said Com- Report of pany shall and they are hereby required, within One Calendar Month Works to he after every Half-yearly General Meeting of the said Company, or oftener, LorVl^eute-if required by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gover- nant, Half-nors of Ireland, or by his or their Chief Secretary, to transmit to the yearly.

said Lord Lieutenant or Chief Secretary a Report in Writing, signed by the Governor or one of the Directors of the said Company of the State of the said Company, and of their Works and the Means possessed by the said Company for securing the Continuance of their Operations and such other Matters relating to the Works and Proceedings of the said Company as the said Lord Lieutenant or Chief Secretary shall from Time to Time require; and in case the said Directors shall not within the said Period of One Month after every such General Meeting as aforesaid, or within the like Period after being so required as aforesaid by the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Secretary, transmit to the said Lord Lieutenant or Chief Secretary such Report in Writing, the said Company shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered by His Majesty's Attorney General, by Information in the Court of Exchequer, or by Action of Debt in His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench at Dublinj for the Use of His Majesty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Stations and Works of the Stations and said Company shall be opened at all convenient Times for the Inspection

and Examination of such Person or Persons as the said Lord Lieutenant Times to the or Chief Secretary shall appoint from Time to Time for that Purpose, inspection of and the said Company shall and they are hereby required to conform to Persons ap-such Regulations and Proceedings in the several Parts of their Works ^n^dby and Operations as the said Lord Lieutenant or Chief Secretary shall con- Lieutenant, sider necessary and proper, and shall direct to be adopted for the better and more effectually lighting the several Parts of the Metropolis and the Suburbs, Liberties, and Precincts thereof, where the Mains and Pipes of the said Company shall lie, and for more effectually securing a proper and permanent Supply of Gas for lighting the public Lamps therein, and for assisting and advancing the Benefits to be derived from an active and efficient Police, and for such other Purposes as to the said Lord Lieutenant or Chief Secretary shall seem meet and proper for the Advantage of the Public.

788

Penalty on Company for conveying Washings into any Stream, See.

Proprietors to raise Money not exceeding

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall at any Time empty, drain, or convey, or cause or suffer to be emptied, drained or conveyed, or to run or flow any Washings or other waste Liquids, Substances or Things whatsoever, which shall arise or be produced in the Prosecution of the Works of the said Gas Light Company, or in the Process of obtaining the said Gas into any Leat, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, or Spring Head or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or do or cause to be done any Annoyance, Act, or Thing to the Water contained in any such Leat, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, or Spring Head or Well, Drain, Sewer or Ditch, whereby the said Water or any Part thereof shall or may be soiled, fouled, or corrupted, then in each and every such case the said Company shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, by Action of Debt, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and the whole of such Penalty shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same: Provided always, that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable, unless the same be sued for within Twelve Calendar Months from the Time that such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing, shall have ceased and determined : Provided also, that over and above and in addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, whether such Penalty shall have been sued for or recovered or not, in case any of the said Washings or other waste Liquids or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances or Things shall be drained, conducted or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in Manner aforesaid, into any Leat, Brook, or running Stream, or any Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, Spring Head or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or any such Annoyance, Act, or Thing, shall be done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the said Company by any Person whomsoever, and the said Company shall not within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice shall have been given to them as aforesaid, stop, hinder, or prevent all and every such Washings, waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances or Things, from being drained, conducted, or conveyed, or from running or flowing in Manner aforesaid, and every such other Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing from being done as aforesaid, then and in every such case the said Company shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, for each and every Day such Washings, waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things, shall be so drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in Manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be so done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and such last-mentioned Penalty shall and may be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Informer or to the Person or Persons whom in the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Conviction shall take place, shall have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage by any such Act so done or committed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to raise a competent Sum of Money for the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii.

mises, for the Purposes aforesaid, and for erecting* making, and maintaining such Houses, Buildings, Offices, Gasometers, or Reservoirs of Gas, and all other Works and Conveniences belonging or requisite thereto, as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling; and all Sums of Money 10 raised shall be laid out in such Purchase as aforesaid, and applied in the making, completing, and maintaining the said Works, the Pipes for conveying the Gas, and other requisite Works and Conveniences for putting this Act into Execution; and that the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds each; and that the said Shares shall be and are hereby vested in the several Persons so raising and contributing the same, and their several and respective Successors, who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares towards carrying on and completing the said Undertaking, and other Purposes of the said Subscriptions, and shall be entitled to and receive an equal proportional Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages which shall and may arise and accrue from the Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of Proprietors by the Authority of this Act; and every Body Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, Person and Persons, having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the same, in Manner herein directed and appointed: Provided always, that a Sum equal to not less than Five Pounds per Centum of the net Profits of each Year shall be set apart in every Year, as a Sinking Fund, in Manner herein-after mentioned, to answer Contingencies, until such Sums so set apart shall amount to Ten thousand Pounds Sterling.

VIE Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That the said Company shall not be authorized to exercise any of the Powers granted under this Act, until the whole Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed towards the Purposes thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, herein directed to be raised, shall be found insufficient for making, completing, and maintaining the Works herein authorized to be made, and defraying all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, by and with the Advice and Consent of any general Assembly of the Company of Proprietors, to borrow and take up by way of Loan, upon the Security of the said Undertaking, or to raise and contribute among themselves, in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further Sum or Sums of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, and every such Subscriber towards raising such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by himself or herself, or his or her Proxy, in respect of every Share in the said additional Sum so to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and stand interested in all the Profits and Powers of the said Undertaking, in proportion to the Sum he, she, or they shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further and other Sum {Local.'] 9 0 hereby

100,000*. for the Purposes of this Act.

Act not to be executed until 100,000*. shall have been subscribed.

A further Sum of 25,000*. may be raised.

790

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviri.

hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised had originally been Part of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Company of

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Proprietorsfor the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered, for the Pur- when and as often as it may be necessary after the passing of this Act, to chase of contract and agree for the absolute Purchase of any Lands, Tenements* or Lands. Hereditaments within the said City of Dublin, or Environs thereof, with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, for Life, of in Fee Tail, General or Special, or with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, seised or possessed for any Term or Terms for Life or Lives, with or without Covenants for Renewal, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, or with any Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of their respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or entitled to or interested in their own Right, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be willing to sell the same, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that the Land so to be acquired shall not exceed Ten Acres in extent; and it- shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to hold such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, without incurring or being subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or of any other Law or Statutes whatsoever.

Bodies Politic, &c. em powerecl to sell and convey.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees of Lunatics, and all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, who is, or are, or shall be seised or possessed of, entitled to, or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, which shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, sell, and convey the same, and every Part thereof, unto the said Company of Proprietors; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all other Persons whomsoever so conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for what they shall respectively do in relation to any such Sale, which he, she, or they, or any of them, shall make by virtue of and in pursuance of this Act; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises to the said Company of Proprietors* may be made according to the following Form:

‘ T A, B. of in consideration of the Sum of

‘ to me paid [or, in consideration of the annual

‘ Rent of to me to be hereafter yielded and paid by

i Yearly or Half-yearly Payments, as may be agreed upon], by the Com-‘ pany of Proprietors of The Hibernian Gas Light Company, do hereby ‘ grant, release, and convey to the said Company all [describe the Premises to be conveyed], and all my Right, Title, and Interest to and in 6 the same, and every Part thereof, to hold to the said Company and

a ‘ their

4° <tEOR<jII IV. Cap. xxxviii.

c their Successors for ever, by virtue and according to the true Intent and ‘ Meaning of an Act of Parliament made in the Fourth Yeaf of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act \_hert in srt the 6 Title of this Act']. In witness whereof, I have hereunto set m y Hand

* and Seal, this Day of in the Year of our

•* Lord .*

Which said Conveyance, being registered in the Office for registering Deeds, Wills, &c. in Dublin, shall receive the same Effect, and be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as any Instrument or Deed arising out of ordinary Transactions in Ireland.

XL. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors are enabled to pur- Restraining chase Ten Statute Acres of Land by virtue of this Act for the Purposes the Company thereof, and ail Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Ag- £aTinPUmore gregate or Sole, and all other Persons whomsoever, are empowered to sell t^an x^°re -such Quantity or Number of Acres to the said Company; and whereas it Acres of Land is expedient to restrain the said Company from selling any such Lands so from incapa-purchased from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, 'er‘

Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians,

Committees, or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics,

Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, and again purchasing other Lands from the same or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust,

Tenants for Life or in 'Fail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity in lieu or stead of the Lands so sold : Be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to purchase from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands,

Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants,

Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, more than such Ten Statute Acres; and in case the said Company shall afterwards sell the Whole or any Part of such Ten Statute Acres so purchased, it shall not be lawful for the said Company to purchase of or for the same or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in Behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity to sell to the said Company any other Lands in lieu or instead of

those

792

Application of Compensation when exceeding 200/.

When less than 200/. and above 20/.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii.

those Ten Statute Acres or any Part thereof, so sold or disposed of by the said Company.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery of Ireland, to be placed to his Account, ex parte ( The Hibernian Gas Light Company,’ to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Monies shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Government Securities j and in the meantime and until the said Securities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid,'the Dividends and annual Produce of such Government Securities shall from Time to Time be paid* by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Premises, so purchased, taken, or used, or

4° GEORGII IV. C«p.xxxviii. 793

of his, her, or their Guardians or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be. signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two or more of the Directors herein-after appointed (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money. When less so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than than 20Z. Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to

the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Directors, or any Two or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardians or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Ques- Provision in tion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid case of a into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- ^tu^tful countant General of the said Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, or any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Government Securities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Securities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the said Government Securities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of aijy Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the

Expences of Purchases may be allowed by the Court.

794

Power to break up the Soil and Pavement for lighting the Streets, &c.

Power to break up the Soil or Pavement to supply Dwelling Houses, &c. with Gas.

4° GEORGII IV. Cfep.xxxviiL

Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of the said Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after the passing of this Act, the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or any other Person or Persons having the Controul, Direction, or Management of the lighting the said City of Dublin, and the Environs thereof and Places adjacent, should think it fit and convenient to contract with the said Company to light the said public Streets, Passages or Places, or any Part of them, or either of them, in the said City or Suburbs, by means of Gas, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Company and their Successors, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, under the Direction and Inspection of such Commissioners or Persons, or any Two or more of them, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors, to break up the Soil and Pavements of any such Streets, Passages, and Places, and to dig and sink Trenches and lay Pipes, and put Stopcocks or Plugs or Branches from such Pipes, in such Places as aforesaid, and in such Manner as shall be necessary for the Purpose of supplying any such Light as aforesaid; and from Time to Time, and under such Direction and Inspection as aforesaid, to alter the Position of and to repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes, Stopcocks and Plugs, and to do all such other Acts, Matters, and Things, as the said Company and their Successors shall, under such Direction and Inspection as aforesaid, from Time to Time think necessary and convenient for completing, amending, repairing, improving, and using the same,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority, after Forty-eight Hours Notice in Writing given to the said Commissioners or other Persons having the Controul, Direction, or Management of the lighting the said City of Dublin, and the Environs thereof and Places adjacent, and under the Direction and Inspection of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Commissioners, if such Surveyor or Surveyors shall choose to attend, to break up the Soil and Pavement of any of the said Streets, Passages, or Places, or any Part of them, or either of them, and to sink Trenches and lay any Main or Pipe, communicating or to communicate with the Works of the said Company under, across, and along any of the said Streets, Passages, or Places, or any or either of them, requisite for the Supply of any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, with Gas, although no Contract may have been entered into with the said Commissioners or other Persons aforesaid, for lighting any public Street, Passage or Place in the Parish or Place where such House, Manufactories, or Buildings shall lie or be situated; any thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii. 795

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Pavement to this Act contained shall extend to authorize the said Company to break, be broken up up the Soil and Pavement of any of the said Streets, Passages, or Places, only d"ri"§ for the Purpose of laying down any new Main, Pipe, Stopcock, Plug, Timer 6

or any other Apparatus, between the Thirtieth Day of November and the First Day of March in any Year, unless with the Consent of the said Commissioners or other Persons aforesaid, or any Two of them, (except in Cases of Accident) $ and if the said Company shall so do, the said Company shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Offence, to be sued for and recovered in the Manner in which any such Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act are to be sued for or recovered.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Not to break Act contained shall extend to authorize the said Company, except in all UP the Cases of sudden Emergency, to break up the Soil or Pavement of any of certain the said Streets, Passages, or Places for the Purpose of repairing, relaying. Hours.

and maintaining any Pipe, Stopcock, Plug, or any other Apparatus, or for laying or placing any new Pipe, Stopcock, Plug, or any other Appar ratus in lieu of any such as may be or become unserviceable after the Hour of Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, from Lady Day to Michaelmas, nor after the Hour of One of the Clock in the Afternoon from Michaelmas to Lady Dayy unless with the Consent of the said Commissioners or Persons aforesaid, or any Two of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors; and if the said Company shall so do, the said Company shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in like Manner as any such Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act are to be sued for or recovered.

XXI. And in order to enable the said Commissioners or other Persons acting as aforesaid, to have the Management and Controul of the Paving of the Streets and public Places of the City of Dublin and Places adjacent, be it enacted, That in all Cases whatever, before the said Company shall, under the Powers and Authorities given them by this Act, break up or open the Pavement of the said Streets, or public Place or Places adjacent, for the Purposes of this Act, Forty-eight Hours previous Notice in Writing of the Intention of the Company to break up such Pavement shall be given by the said Company to the said Commissioners or other Persons acting as aforesaid, at their Office, in which Notice shall be specified the Situation and Extent of the Pavement so to be broken up; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or other Persons acting as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, when and as soon as the Work shall be completed and finished by the said Company, for which such Pavement shall be broken up as aforesaid, to relay such Pavement in such Manner as they shall think fit, the Expence of which relaying shall be paid to the said Commissioners or other Persons acting as aforesaid by the said Company, within One Week after the same shall be demanded, at such Rate as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, not exceeding Two Shillings for every Yard of such Pavement that shall be broken up, provided the same shall not exceed Three Feet in Width, and if the same shall be more than Three Feet wide, that then Payment shall be made in due Proportion to the said Charge; and in case of Nonpayment,

Notice to be given that Commissioners may relay Pavement.

796

Powers of the Company in lighting Houses.

For the Protection of Water Pipes.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii.

payment, the same to be recovered as any Penalty under this Act may be recovered.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority in such Cases as to them shall seem meet and convenient, to carry, fit up, and furnish any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or other necessary Apparatus, from any Main or Pipe laid in any Street, Passage, or Place by the said; Company, by virtue of this Act, in, to, or through any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same, or any public or private Lamp from any such Main or Pipe, or to continue the same with the Consent of the Owner and Occupier of such Dwelling House or Houses, public or private Buildings, but not otherwise (except as herein-after provided for), although no Contract may have been entered into with the said Commissioners, or other Persons aforesaid, for lighting any public Street, Passage, or Place in the said City, or the Environs thereof and Places adjacent, where such Houses, Manufactories, or Buildings shall lie or be situated, any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall authorize and empower the said Company to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes through any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting any other Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactory, public or private Building, or to continue the same without the previous Consent of the Owner or Occupier of such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactory, public or private Building, through which any such Pipe or Pipes may be carried or laid for the Purposes aforesaid : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Company to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes in, through, over, or upon any private Lands and Grounds, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers thereof, first had and obtained for that Purpose.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as the said Company, their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, shall dig or sink any Trench or Trenches for laying any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, or other Apparatus, or shall open any Ground for the Purposes of this Act, or any of them, in, upon, or near to which any Water Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the said City of Dublin, for conveying Water into or about the said City of Dublin, Liberties and Precincts thereof, or any Branch or Service Pipe or Pipes, for the Supply of any Dwelling House or Building shall be laid, the said Company, their Servants, Agents or Workmen, shall and they are hereby required to give such previous Notice thereof to the Surveyor for the Time being of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, or to the Occupier of such Dwelling House or Building, supplied by such Branch or Service Pipe or Pipes, as the Case may be, as. is hereinbefore required to be given to the said Commissioners, or other Persons aforesaid, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, for other Purposes under this Act; and shall in the meantime fence or guard and affix sufficient Lights during the Night, at or near the Place or Places where any Ground shall be opened, in such Manner as to prevent Accidents to Passengers,

4° GEORGII IV. xxxviii. 797

sengers, Cattle and Carriages j and on every such Occasion the said Company, their Servants, Agents, and Workmen shall, under the Direction and Inspection of the Surveyor for the Time being of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, or of the Occupier of such Dwelling House or Building, or his or her Surveyor, as the Case may be, protect and secure such Pipe or Pipes from any Injury or Damage, and shall also repair and make good any Damage that shall or may be done to any such Pipe or Pipes on any such Occasion; and in default being made in any of the Matters aforesaid, the said Company, their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, or such of them as shall offend herein, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall also pay to the said Lord Mayor,

Aldermen, and Citizens, or to such Occupier of such Dwelling House or Building, as the Case may be, the Costs and Expences which shall have been incurred by them, him, or her, in the securing and protecting, or in repairing or making good any Injury or Damage that may be done to such Pipe or Pipes by the Means aforesaid; such Costs and Expences to be ascertained by any Justice of the Peace for the County of the said City of Dublin, and to be sued for and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalty under this Act may be sued for and recovered.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Pipes or Mode of other Conduits hereafter to be laid or used for the Conveyance of Gas, laying Pipes, in, under, through, along, across, or round any Road, Street, Square,

Market Place, Lane, Alley, Passage, Court, or other Place within the said City and Suburbs thereof, shall be so laid at the greatest practicable Distance from the nearest Part of any Pipe already laid down, or hereafter to be laid down by or by the Order of any Water Works or Gas Light Company for the Conveyance of Water or Gas in, under, through, along, across, or round any of the said Roads, Streets, Squares, Market Places,

Lanes, Alleys, Passages, Courts, or other Places within the Limits of this Act, and wherever the Width of the Carriageway or Footpath in such Street or Place will allow thereof, shall be laid at the Distance of Three Feet at least from the nearest Part of any such Pipe laid or to be laid as aforesaid, unless in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to lay the Gas Pipes across or nearer to any of the said Pipes, in which Case the said Gas Pipes of the Company hereby established shall, wherever practicable, be laid over and above the said former Pipes at the greatest practicable Distance therefrom, and shall form therewith a right Angle as near as the Situation will admit; and that in such Cases the said Gas Pipes so crossing the said former Pipe shall be at least Six Feet in Length, so that no Joint of any of the said Gas Pipes shall be nearer to any of the said former Pipes than Three Feet at least where the Width of the Road,

Street, Square, Market Place, Lane, Alley, Passage, Court or other Place will admit; and that such Gas Pipes so crossing the former Pipes shall for the whole Length thereof be sufficiently bedded in with good sound Clay, or other fit Materials of a proper Consistence, and well worked and rammed into the Trenches all round the said Gas Pipes j and that in laying down the said Gas Pipes the said Company hereby established shall in no Case join Two or more Gas Pipes together previous to their being laid in the Trench, but shall lay each Pipe as near as may be in its Place in the Trench, and shall in such Trench properly form the Jointing with the other Pipes to be added thereto with proper and sufficient Materials, and also wherever practicable lay and well and sufficiently bed each and every [Local.~\ 9 Q the

798 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii.

the Joints of the said Main Gas Pipes, and also the Joints or Screws of the Branch or Service Gas Pipes, connecting with the said Main Gas Pipes, and also the Joints of the Service or Branch Pipes for conveying the Gas from the Main Gas Pipes to the Houses and other Buildings, and all other Joints, Inlets, Apertures or Openings which are, or shall, or may be made in any of the said Gas Pipes, with such Clay or other fit Materials as aforesaid, all round the said several and respective Joints, Inlets, Apertures, or Openings, and for Six Inches in Length each Way from the Centre of each and every of the Caps or Joints of the Main Pipes and of the Inlets, Apertures, or Openings therein, and for Three Inches at least from the Centre of each of the Joints of the Service Pipes, so as to make and keep all and every such Pipes, and the Screws, Joints, Inlets, Apertures, or Openings therein respectively Air tight, and to prevent the said Gas from escaping therefrom.

For prevent-

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company mg Injury to or their Workmen, Agents, or Servants shall in nowise be empowered veyinVwater *n carrying this Act into Execution, to do Damage or Injury to any public to Fountains. Sewer or Drain, or to any Pipe or Pipes, for conveying Water to any of the Fountains within the Limits over which the Powers of the said Commissioners or other Persons acting in the Execution of the said Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty extend; and if any such Damage or Injury shall happen, or be done to any such public Sewer or Drain, or to any such Pipe or Pipes,the said Company shall forthwith well and effectually repair and make good every such Damage and Injury; and in default thereof it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or other Persons so acting as aforesaid, or any Surveyor or Workmen acting under their Authority, effectually to repair and make good the same; and that in every such Case all reasonable Costs, Expences, and Charges incurred therein, shall be refunded and paid by the said Company to the said Commissioners, or other Persons so acting as aforesaid; and there shall be further paid by the said Company,the Sum of Five Pounds, by way of Penalty for every such Offence, which Costs, Charges, and Penalties, shall be recoverable from the said Company in a summary Way, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Information, to be laid and exhibited by Order of the said Commissioners, or other Person acting as aforesaid, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County of the said City of Dublin, (or of the County of Dublin, as the Case may be) and shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to issue.

For prevent-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall inS th<j Es- He found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or tape o as. set Up jjy the said Company in pursuance of this Act, the said Company shall at their own Expence, immediately after receiving Notice by Parole or in Writing of any such Escape of Gas, from any Person whatsoever, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Company shall not, within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice in Writing being given of any such Escape of Gas, proceed to discover and prevent the Gas. from escaping, and to remove the Cause of Com-

9 j plaint.

799

4° GEORGII IV. Cup.xxxviii.

jplaint, and then and in every such Case the said Company shall* for eVefry such Offence, forfeit and pay a Penalty of Five Pounds for each and eV^y Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of giving any such Notice during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid; which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recoverable in a summary Way, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Information to be laid and exhibited before some One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of the said City of Dublin, and shall and may be recovered, with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, by the Warrant of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and the same shall,

'on being so recovered, be paid to the Informer.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if for the Purposes of arty or Power to either of the Acts of Parliament for paving, repairing, lighting, watching,

or cleansing the said City of Dublin, or the Environs thereof, or Places pjpeSj adjacent, it shall at any Time or Times be deemed necessary or expedient by the Commissioners, or other Persons aforesaid, acting under and by virtue of any or either of the said Acts, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, to require the said Company of Proprietors to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the Situation of any of the Pipes, Stopcocks, Plugs, or Branches, which shall be laid down for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors shall at their own Expence, within One Week next after being required so to do by Notice in Writing to them given by the said Commissioners, or other Persons aforesaid, signed by their Clerk, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, raise, sink, or alter such Pipes, Stopcocks, Plugs, or Branches, according to such Notice, in such Manner and in such Place or Places as the said Commissioners, or other Persons aforesaid, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall think right and proper; and in default thereof it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or other Persons aforesaid, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons acting by their Order or under their Authority, to cause such Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, or Branches, to be raised, sunk, or altered, andr that the reasonable Costs and Charges for doing the same shall immediately thereafter be paid by the said Company of Proprietors or their Treasurer: Provided nevertheless, that if such reasonable Costs and Charges be not paid within Thirty Days next after Demand shall be made by such Surveyor or other Person, acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners or other Person aforesaid or their Surveyor or Surveyors, Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting within the Limits of this Act, all such reasonable Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Proprietors, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant, and such Costs and Charges shall be paid to the said Commissioners or other Persons aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company or their Power to Board of Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, may and are hereby contract for authorized and empowered to enter into Agreements or Contracts with

- the ulb*

800

Provision as to public Lighting.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii.

the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or with any other Person or Persons having for the Time the Controul, Direction, or Management of the Lighting of the said City of Dublin, and the Suburbs and Places adjacent, or any of the Liberties or Precincts thereof respectively, or with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, willing and desirous of contracting with the said Company of Proprietors, or with their Board of Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, for the Lighting of the said City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent, or any Part thereof, or any Streets, Squares, public Market Places, or Manufactories, or private Houses, or Places of public Exhibition, Shops, Counting Houses, or Warehouses, or other Places or Buildings within the said City or Suburbs, or Places adjacent, or Liberties or Precincts aforesaid, for Payment to the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Board, Yearly, Quarterly, or Monthly, such Sum or Sums of Money for such Gas as shall be mutually agreed upon between them; and in case of Default in Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so agreed to be paid as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Board, to cause such Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Person or Persons making such Default, and communicating with any Main or other Pipe or Pipes belonging to the said Company, to be separated from the said Pipe or Pipes with which the same shall so communicate, and to cause the Gas to be stopped from issuing or running into the House, Office, Building, Work, or Manufactory of any Person making such Default.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That from Time to Time and at all Times so soon as Mains and Pipes can be laid in the Manner directed by this Act, the said Company shall be bound and obliged, whenever thereunto required by the said Commissioners or other Persons so acting as aforesaid, to furnish an adequate Supply of Gas for lighting in a proper and effectual Manner all such of the Streets, Squares, Passages, and other public Places within the said City of Dublin, as the said Commissioners or such other Persons so acting as aforesaid shall, by any such Notice or Notices, require to be lighted as aforesaid, and thenceforth to keep the same lighted with Gas upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter specified; (that is to say), that the said Company shall supply such Quantity of Gas Light from such Mains and Pipes, when laid as aforesaid, at such Number of Lamps, with such Sorts of Burners, of such Dimensions, Constructions, and Qualities, to be set up in such Situations, and to continue burning at such Times, and for such Number of Hours, and under such Regulations, as the said Commissioners or such other Persons so acting as aforesaid shall from Time to Time direct, upon the said Company’s receiving annually for every such public Lamp so required some Yearly Price or Sum, to be mutually arranged and contracted for Once in every Three Years, or ofteaer, between the said Commissioners or such other Persons so acting as aforesaid, and the said Company; it being hereby provided nevertheless, and made obligatory upon the said Company, that the Gas Lights which shall be supplied by the said Company for the public Lighting of the said City and the Suburbs, Places adjacent, and any of the Liberties and Precincts thereof respectively, shall at all Times be cheaper and better Lights than could be afforded from Oil, and at a Rate not exceeding that at which Gas shall be supplied for

lighting

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii. 801

lighting the Streets of the Cities of London or Westminster, by any Company already incorporated, or that may hereafter be incorporated, where such Mains and Pipes shall have been laid as aforesaid; and that the Branch or Service Pipes which shall he set up by the said Company to supply the Gas for such public Lighting, shall in all cases be of a Diameter not less than Half an Inch in the Bore, and shall be kept fully charged with Gas whensoever it shall be necessary for the Purposes of such public Lighting as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportion of all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all other Person and Persons, of and in the said Works, or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, or the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises to be purchased by the said Company in pursuance of this Act, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and transmissible as such, agreeably to the Law of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Body Politic, Corpo- Number of rate, or Collegiate, and every Person who shall by virtue of this Act Votes in

* # o 7 j # respect ot

have subscribed or undertaken for One or more Shares in the said Un- shares, dertaking, his, her, or their respective Successors, present in Person or by Proxy, at the stated General Assemblies and Special General Assemblies to be held as herein appointed, shall for Five Shares have One Vote, for Ten Shares Two Votes, for Fifteen Shares Three Votes, for Twenty-five Shares Four Votes, for Thirty-five Shares and upwards Five Votes; and every Question, Matter, and Thing which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered in any stated General Assembly, or any Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes then given in Person or by Proxy, computing the yotes as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Vote, and all such Votes may Votes, shall and may be given by any Proprietor or Proprietors in Per- be given by son, or by his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies (such Proxy or Proxies Proxy* being a Proprietor of One or more Shares of the said Company), duly constituted under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or Common Seal if

a Corporation, or in cases of Infancy or Lunacy, under the Hand or Hands of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees; and that every such Vote by Proxy shall be as valid and good to all Intents and Purposes as if such Principal or Principals had voted in Person, or being an Infant, had been of full Age; the Appointment of which Proxy shall and may be in the Words or to the Effect following, (varying the same so as to meet each particular Case) j videlicet,

c T One of the Proprietors [or we, Form of

* A Guardians of One of the Proprietors] of The Proxy.

* Hibernian Gas Light Company, do hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint to be my [or his or her] Proxy, in my [or

‘ his or her] Absence, to vote and give my [or his or her] Assent or

* Dissent to any Business, Matter, or Thing which shall be mentioned

‘ or proposed at any Meeting of the Proprietors of the said Company, in f such Manner as he the said shall think proper,

[Local'] 9 R according

Shares to be

Personal

Estate.

802

Joint Proprietors or Bodies Corporate how to vote.

No Person to vote where he is interested.

Places of General Assemblies.

Times of Meeting.

Special Meetings may be held.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii.

‘ according to his Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said ‘ Company. In witness whereof, I [or we] have hereunto set my Band ‘ [or our Hands] the Day of in the Year

■c of our Lord /

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever Two or more Persons shall be jointly possessed of or entitled to Five or more Shares in the said Undertaking, and in the Profits and Advantages thereof, such Persons shall be entitled to give their Vote or Votes in respect thereof by the First of such Persons whose Names shall stand in the Books of the said Company as Proprietors of such Shares, who shall be present at any Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, or by any Proxy appointed as aforesaid under the Hands of such Persons.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall vote at any of the Meetings of the said Company, upon any Question or Questions relating to the Concerns of the said Undertaking, in which such Person or Persons shall be in anywise interested other than as a Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, to or of the said Undertaking.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Meetings of the stated General Assemblies and Special General Assemblies of the said Company shall be held in the City of Dublin; and that at all and every such stated General and Special General Meetings, the Parties composing them shall pay their own Expences, the Hire of the House in which the Meetings shall be held only excepted.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act into Execution shall be held at Dublin upon the Ninth Tuesday after tjhe passing of this Act, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon; and all future General Meetings of the said Company (except such Special General Meetings as herein-after mentioned) shall be held on the Second Tuesday in the Month of June and the Second Tuesday in the Month of December in every Year thereafter, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon y of all which General Assemblies or Meetings Thirty-one Days previous Notice at the least shall be given by public Advertisement in any Two of the Newspapers usually published in Dublin.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall appear that for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution a Special Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors is necessary to be holden, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Ten or more Members of the said Company, holding in the Aggregate Fifty Shares or upwards of the Capital Stock of the said Company, at any Time by Notice in Writing under their Hands, left at the Office of the said Company, to require the Clerk for the Time being to call a Special General Meeting* so as such Requisition fully express the Object for which such Meeting is required to be called, and which Meeting such CUrk is hereby authorized and required forthwith to call by sending a Copy of such Requisition by the Post to each Member of the said Company, and giving at least Ten .Days previous Notice of the Time and Place where such Meet-

9 ' inS

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii. 803

ing is intended to be held; and in case of the Neglect or Refusal of the said Clerk to call such Meeting, the same may be called by the said Members as herein-after is expressed; and that every General Meeting may be adjourned from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as-shall be found expedient, and that at least Ten Days Notice of every General Meeting, and Three Days previous Notice of every Adjournment of any General Meeting shall be given : Provided always, that all Notices hereinbefore directed to be given of any General or Special Meetings or Adjournments respectively, or to any of the said Proprietors, upon any particular Occasion, and not herein otherwise provided for, shall be given to the said several Proprietors, or to such individual Proprietor respectively, by Letters from the Clerk of the said Company, sent by the Post to each and every of the said Proprietors entitled to vote at such Meetings respectively, or to the individual Proprietors entitled to such Notice (as the Case may be), and that such Notices shall be deemed and considered the same as Personal Service.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Clerk for the Time being shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Six Days, to comply with any Requisition signed by Ten or more Members holding in the Aggregate Fifty Shares or upwards, directing him to call a Special General Meeting as herein-before mentioned, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Members who shall have signed the same to call a Special Meeting of the Company, by Advertisement in Two or more of the Dublin Newspapers, specifying the Place where and Time when such Meeting is to be held, the Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice, and the Place somewhere in the said City of Dublin, and the Decision and Determination of the Proprietors present at such Meeting* or the major Part of them, according to the Number of Votes they shall have a Right to give respecting such Matter or Matters, shall be as valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made at a General Meeting of the said Company.

Special Meetings may be convened by Members on Neglect of Clerk.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That William Lunell Guinness Appointment Esquire shall be Governor and Joseph Robinson Pim Esquire shall be of Governor Deputy Governor of the said Company, until the Second Tuesday in the Goveoior Month of June which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, when a Governor and Deputy Governor of the said Company shall be chosen by a Majority of Votes given in Person or by Proxy at the General Meeting then to be holden, and so at the Expiration of every Two Years, a Governor and Deputy Governor shall be chosen by a Majority of such Votes, at the General Meeting then to be holden:

Provided always, that the said Governor and Deputy Governor hereby appointed, or any Governor or Deputy Governor to be chosen as aforesaid, shall and may be capable of being re-elected at the Expiration of the Period hereby limited for their continuing in Office.

XL. And be it further enacted, That Nicholas Mahon, William Harding, Directors. John Murray, Robert Roe, Joshua Mason Chaytor, Solomon Watson, Daniel O'Connell, Robert Simpson, and Abraham Lane, shall be Directors of the said Company until the Second Tuesday in the Month of June which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, when the Three Directors herein first named shall cease to be Directors -of the said

Company,

804

4° GEORGII IV. Cfljo.xxxviii.

Company, and Three other Directors shall be chosen in their Room by a Majority of Votes given in Person or by Proxy at the General Meeting then to be holden; and such Directors so chosen shall, with the said other Six Directors herein named, continue the Directors of the said Company until the Second Tuesday in the Month of June which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven, and so from Time to Time in each and every Year on the Second Tuesday in the Month of June, Three Directors according to the Rotation in which they are named by this Act shall cease to be Directors, and Three other Directors shall from Time to Time be chosen in their Room by a Majority of Votes given in Person or by Proxy at the General Meetings to be holden on the Second Tuesday in the Month of June in each and every Year: Provided always, that any Director hereby directed to go out by Rotation may be re-elected a Director, if a Majority of the Proprietors present in Person or by Proxy at any such General Meeting as aforesaid shall think fit to re-elect him.

Qualification

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be qua-

vernor, or Directors disposing of their Stock, so as to be under the Qualification aforesaid, such Person shall no longer be entitled to act in the official Situations which they hold in the said Company.

Vacancies in the Offices of Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directors, by Death, Resignation, Removal, or becoming ineligible or unqualified, or being disqualified as aforesaid, may and shall be filled up at any Special Meeting or Meetings of the said Company, to be called for that Purpose in Manner herein directed; and that the Person or Persons so to be chosen to fill such Vacancy or Vacancies shall continue in his or their several or respective Office or Offices, for the Space of Time that the Person or Persons in whose room they shall be chosen are hereby directed to continue in Office.

ceasing to be qualified to be elected, nor to serve or act as a Director of the said Corn-hold Shares pany^ who by Sale or otherwise shall cease to be a Proprietor in the said -in Conuaets, Undertaking, or who shall hold any Place of Profit under the said Com-&c. disquali- pany, or who shall be concerned or interested in any Contract to be made fied from or entered into under this Act, or who shall offer to take or shall actually

the Governor, Affairs of the said Company, it shall and may be lawful for the said Gover-vemor^ and" nor> Deputy Governor, and Directors for the Time being, and they are hereby Directors. authorized and required, from Time to Time to assemble and meet toge-

ther at any Place or Places in Dublin, for the Direction and Management of the Affairs of the said Company j and that at all such Meetings the Governor, and in his Absence the Deputy Governor, shall preside; and in case of their Absence the Directors present shall choose one of their Number to be their Chairman; and that any Three or more of the said

Governor,

of Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors.

lifted to be a Governor or Deputy Governor, or Director of the said Company, who shall not be possessed of Twenty Shares of the Stock of the said Company; and in the Event of the said Governor, Deputy Go-

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Vacancy or Persons

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall

W*^fc*«W* a-' J 'W «> *vv f

Meetings of

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That for the better Management of the

acting as Directors.

4° GEORG II IV. Cap. xxxviii. 805

Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directors, but not less shall be a sufficient Number or Quorum to constitute a Meeting; and that all Questions, Matters, and Things which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered at any such Meetings, shall be decided and determined by the Majority of the Members then present; but no Member shall have more than one Vote at any such Meeting, save and except that in case of an equal Division, the President or Chairman, besides his deliberative, shall also have a casting Vote:

Provided always, that if on the Day appointed for any such Meeting there shall not attend so many Members as are hereby required to constitute a Meeting for exercising the Powers hereby vested in the said Governor,

Deputy Governor, and Directors, then and in such Case, and when and so often as the same shall happen, the Meeting shall be adjourned to any future Day fixed by the Member or Members or Majority of them then present, or if no Member shall be present, by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors or such other Person as shall attend in his Place:

Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors to appoint any of their Number, not less than Two, to be a Sub-Committee or Sub-Committees for particular Purposes, for the better attending to and transacting the Business of the said Company, and subject to the Approbation of the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the officers to said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, and they are hereby be appointed authorized and required, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint a by the Gover-Treasurer and Clerk, and such Engineers and Surveyors, Collectors, and J^veor^ other Officers as they may find necessary for enabling them to transact and Direc-the Business of the said Company, and for the better carrying the Pur- tors, poses of this Act into Execution, the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, always taking good and sufficient Security, and to such Extent as they shall think requisite from such Treasurer, Collector, and other Officer appointed to receive Money, or have the Care or Custody thereof, for the due accounting for all such Monies with which they may respectively be entrusted, and for the faithful Discharge of the Trust reposed in them; and also from Time to Time to discharge and dismiss any such Treasurer, Collector, Clerk, Engineer, Surveyor, or other Officer, and appoint others in their Stead, as the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors shall think fit; and that all such Treasurers,

Collectors, Clerks, Engineers, Surveyors, and other Officers of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall at any Time quit or be dismissed from the Service of the said Company, and the respective Executors and Administrators of those who may happen to die, shall immediately thereupon produce and deliver up to the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, all Books, Accounts, Writings, and Papers whatsoever, which shall be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurers, Collectors, Clerks,

Engineers, Surveyors, or other Officers, Executors, or Administrators respectively, in anywise relating to the said Undertaking; and the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to balance or cause to be balanced the Books of the said Company at Christmas and Midsummer in every Year, the first Balance being made on the Twenty-fifth Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, or at such [Local,'] 9 5 other

806

Offices of Clerk and Treasurer not to be held by One Person.

Directing what shall be deemed a Service of Notices, &c. on the Company.

Contingencies and Division of Profits.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii.

other Period of each Year as any General Annual Meeting may from Time to Time appoint; and the same being so balanced shall be examined, doc-queted, and signed by the major Number or Quorum of the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, and an Abstract thereof shall be produced at the General Meetings of the said Company of Proprietors to be held upon the Second Tuesday in the Months of June and December in every Year thereafter, so that any of the Proprietors attending the said Meetings may have an Opportunity of inspecting the same; and all Books of the said Company shall be open for the Inspection at all reasonable Times of any of the Proprietors.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors to appoint the Person who shall t?e appointed to act as their Clerk in the Exe^-cution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who shall be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Company for executing this Act; and if any Person shall act in bpth the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes aforesaid, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein it may be requisite or necessary for any Person or Persons, Party or Parties, to serve any Notice or Notices upon the said Company, or any Writ or Writs or other legal Proceedings, the Service thereof upon the Clerk of the said Company, or at any of the Offices of the said Company, or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Clerk to the said Company, or Service upon any Agent or other Officer employed by the said Company, or upon the said Governor or Deputy Governor, or any One of the said Directors, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Company.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That a Sum equal to Five -per Cent, shall be set apart out of the Profits to arise from the said Undertaking in every Year, until the same shall amount to at least Ten thousand Pounds Sterling, as a Fund for answering Contingencies, before any Dividend shall be made among the said Proprietors of any Part of the said Profits, and such Sum so set apart shall be invested in Government Securities, to be approved by the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors; and the Dividends and Interest thereof as well as the Yearly Profits to arise from the said Undertaking, so soon as such Sum shall have been set apart as aforesaid, shall be divided among the several Proprietors of the said Company, according to the Shares which they severally hold in the said Undertaking j but if from any Accident which may happen to the said Undertaking, the said Sum of Money, or any

Part

807

4° GEORGII IV. C«/^.xxxviii.

Part thereof so set apart, shall be required to repair the same, a Sum equal to Five per Cent, shall be again set apart out of the Profits to arise from the said Undertaking, until the Part thereof which shall have been so expended shall be replaced, or until another Sum, not less than Ten thousand Pounds Sterling, shall be set apart as aforesaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors of the said Company for the Time being, shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time as aforesaid, to make such Cali or Calls for Money from the several Subscribers to and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in order to defray the Expences of or carrying on the same, as they shall from Time to Time find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, until the Sums subscribed are paid; so that no such Cali shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Centum for or in respect of every Share in the said Undertaking; and so that no such Calls be made but at the Distance of Six Calendar Months at least from each other, and so that Thirty-one Days Notice at least shall be given of every such Cali by Advertisement in some Newspapers usually published in Dublin; all which Money so to be called for as aforesaid shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, to be issued, paid, and applied for carrying on the said Undertaking in such Manner as the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors shall from Time to Time order and direct.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors shall have full Power and Authority, on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, to contract for and purchase all such Lands* Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises as the said Company are hereby authorized to purchase, and all such Materials and other Things as shall or may be wanted for the said Undertaking and the Works hereby authorized to be made; and to treat and agree with any Person whomsoever touching the Compensation to be made for any Damages to be done in the Exercise of the Powers hereby given; and to enter into and make such Contracts and Agreements with any Contractors, Agents, Workmen* Servants, and other Persons, in and about and for the carrying on the said Undertaking and Works, or any Part thereof, as shall be thought expedient j and to enter into and make all such Contracts, Bargains, and Agreements whatever, touching or in anywise concerning the said Under-* taking, as they shall think proper; and to order and direct how the several Works shall from Time to Time be carried on, and generally to direct and manage all and singular the Affairs and Business of the said Company of Proprietors; and to do, execute, and perform all Acts, Matters, and Things which the said Company are by this Act authorized to do, save and except such only as are hereby expfessly directed to be done by the Proprietors at large at any Meeting or Meetings of such Proprietors to be held as aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors shall enter or cause to be entered in Books, to be provided for that Purpose at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, a full and true Account of all Money disbursed, and Payments made by or under the Direction of such Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or

under

Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors may make Calls for Money.

Contracts for the Purchase of Land.

Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors to enter their Proceedings.

808 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvviy.

under them, and of all Monies that shall be paid to or received by them respectively, for or on account of the said Company of Proprietors; and also a full and true Account, or proper Notes and Minutes of every Contract. Bargain, and Agreement which shall be entered into for or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and of all and singular their respective Orders, Transactions, and Proceedings whatsoever in and about the Affairs and Business of the said Company; but that no Money shall be issued or paid by any Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors for or on account of the said Company, or otherwise, than in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors; and every such Book, and all other Books, Papers, and Writings belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, shall at all seasonable Times, upon Application to the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, be submitted to the Inspection of any of the Proprietors, who may take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, without Fee or Reward.

General Meetings may make Bye-laws.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time at any of their General Meetings as aforesaid, to make such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws as to them shall seem meet and proper, for regulating the Proceedings of the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, and for the regulating of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants to be employed in or about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking in all respects whatsoever; and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, or any of them, and to make others, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence, as to the said Company at a General Meeting shall seem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws so made as aforesaid (being reduced into Writing, and the Common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed), shall be binding upon all Persons, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same : Provided always, that such Rules, Orders, and Bye -laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, or any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that Copies thereof shall be printed, fixed, and continued in the Office of the Clerk or other the Buildings and Premises of the said Company; and all such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws shall be subject to Appeal in manner by this Act directed.

Proprietors to pay their Shares as appointed.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall from Time to Time pay his or her Proportion of the Money so to be called for as herein-before is mentioned, into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Company, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, and of which Notice shall be given as herein-before is directed; and that if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their proportionate Part of the Money so to be called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place which shall be appointed for that Purpose in Manner aforesaid, then and in such Case the

Person

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii. 809

Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall absolutely forfeit all his, her, or their Share, Part, and Interest whatsoever in the said Undertaking, and all Profit and Advantage thereof; and all Shares that shall or may be so forfeited shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, in Trust for and for the Benefit of all the Rest of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking; and in the Event that any Person or Persons paying any such First Call as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their proportionable Part or Parts of the Money to be thereafter called for as aforesaid, and for the Space of Two Calendar Months after the Time to be appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Share or Shares shall and may be sold by the said Company of Proprietors, or the said Board of Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, by public Auction, for the highest or best Price or Prices that can be got for the same, every such Sale being advertised at least Once a Week for Three Weeks successively, in some One or more of the Newspapers published in Dublin, and the said Company of Proprietors, or the said Board of Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors rendering an Account of every such Sale or Sales to every such Person or Persons when demanded, and paying to every such Person any Overplus of such Price or Prices, after deducting all such Charges, and such further proportionable Sum or Sums of Money which may remain due upon such Share or Shares by such Person or Persons to the said Company of Proprietors; but no Advantage shall be taken of such Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, unless the same shall be declared at some General or Special Meeting of the said Company, which shall be held not earlier than Two Calendar Months next after the said Forfeiture shall happen; and that any such Forfeiture so to be declared shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns so forfeiting, against all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement between such Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and the said Company, with regard to the future carrying on and Management of the said Undertaking.

LIV. And be ic further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Shares may several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective be sold. . Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned; the Conveyances of which Shares may be in the Form or to the Effect following; videlicet,

‘ Y A.B. of in consideration of

‘ -*• paid to me by C.D. of do hereby convey,

‘ sell, assign, and transfer to the said C.D. the Sum of ‘ Capital Stock of and in The Hibernian Gas Light Company, being One ‘ Share [or so many Shares, as the Case may be] in the said Undertaking;

« to hold to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

« subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the same Conditions that I held the same immediately before the Execution here-'« of; and I the said C.D. do hereby agree to take and accept the said ‘ Capital Stock or Share, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restric*

[Local.'] 9 T " ‘ tions.

Persons selling after Call shall be liable to suph Call.

Names of Proprietors to be entered in a Book, and Certificate to be granted*

Who in cases of Call to be deemed Proprietors.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxmm.

‘ jaons and Conditions. In witness whereof, we have subscribed these ‘ Presents, at the ©ay of

* before these Witnesses and

And on every such Sale the said Assignment or Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Shares) shall be indorsed by any Three of the said Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directors, and shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered, in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial or Specification of such Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Company, and have testified or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Three Shillings Sterling shall be paid; and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly immediately, without any undue Delay; and until such Deed of Sale, Indorsement, and Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Right to any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, or any Vote as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

LV. And be it further enacted, That after a Call of such Money shall have been made, every Person and all Persons selling or transferring any Share or Shares, which he, she, or they shall possess in the said Undertaking shall, as well as the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall be sold, be liable to the Payment of every such Call in the Manner directed by this Act j and no such Transfer shall be entered or registered in the Books of the said Company, unless such Person or Persons so selling or transferring shall, at the Time of such Sale or Transfer, have paid to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been previously called for upon each Share so sold and transferred.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Names and Designations of the several Persons who shall be entitled to Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, shall be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerk of the said Company; and after such Entry, a Certificate thereof shall be signed by the Clerk of the said Company, and shall be delivered to every Proprietor on Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he, she, or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking; and such Certificate shall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified.

LVIL. And be it further enacted, That the Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all and every Person or Persons whose Names shall at any Time hereafter stand in the said Register Book, or List of Proprietors of the said Company, either as a Proprietor or Proprietors of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, whether as Subscribers or as Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of Subscribers, shall be deemed and taken to he the Proprietors of the several Shares 10 standing

4° GEORGII IV. Gap.xxxviii. 811

standing in the said Book in their respective Names, and shall be subject and liable to the Payment of every Call and Calls made and to be made thereon, and to all Actions, Suits, Forfeitures and Penalties to which original Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking are made subject and liable by this Act; and that all Notices hereby required to be given, previous to the Forfeitures of Shares, to the Proprietors thereof shall, if given to the Persons appearing by the said Register Book of the said Company to be such Proprietor or Proprietors, or their Representatives, or left at his, her, or their last or most usual Place of Abode, be in all respects good, sufficient, and conclusive; and all Payments of Interest and Dividends due and to grow due on such Shares shall be made to such Persons as by the said Book of the said Company shall so appear to be Proprietors thereof; and that no Assignment, Transfer, Bargain or Sale of any Share or Shares, or other Instrument giving Title to any Share or Shares which shall not have been enrolled or registered as directed by this Act, shall be admitted as Evidence either to defeat any Action or Suit brought or to be brought by the said Company of Proprietors to receive the said Calls, or to entitle any Persons to recover any Share or Shares forfeited to the Company of Proprietors, or to make the said Company of Proprietors liable to the Payment of Dividends to any other Person than such as appear upon the said Book to be Proprietors of the said Shares; but that in all Cases the said Book shall be considered as Evidence of the Proprietorship of the said Share or Shares.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of and in the said Undertaking and Profits arising therefrom, after deducting the Money laid out in obtaining and passing this Act, and in making the different Surveys and Plans of the same, and of the Lands and Grounds through which the same is intended to pass or be carried as aforesaid, and making and constructing the Works authorized by this Act* and all other incidental Costs, Charges, and Expences whatsoever touching or concerning the same in anywise howsoever, which shall be respectively borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, is and are hereby vested in the said Company of Proprietors, and they shall severally and respectively be entitled thereto in such Shares and Proportions and in the Manner prescribed by this Act.

Property of the Undertaking vested in the Proprietors.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Recovery and Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed, or by any Bye- Application law or Rule made in pursuance thereof, (the Manner of levying, redo- ot Penalties, vering, and applying whereof is not herein otherwise directed), shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County of the City of Dublin, if the Offence should be committed therein, or any Justice of the Peace for the County of Dublin, if the Offence should be committed in the County of Dublin, (as the Case may require), either by the Confession of the Party offending or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is in every such Case hereby fully authorized to administer), be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress uimm and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus (if any) after Such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of such

812 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii.

such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unta the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his or their Appearance before such Justice, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County of the City of Dublin, or the County of Dublin, as the Case may require, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than One Month, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid and applied as follows, One Moiety thereof to the Informer and the other Moiety thereof to such public Charity of and in the said County of the City of Dublin, or the County of Dublin, as the said Justices shall think proper.

LX. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect following shall be good, without alleging more than the Substance of the Offence; videlicet,

County of BE it remembered, That on the

if the else be so) f Day . in the Year

Dublin, to wit. J of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

is [or are] convicted before me [or us, as the Case may be~\ of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of the City of Dublin [or the County of Dublin, as the Case may be], by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act], of having [specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be], contrary to the said Act; and for which Offence I [or we, as the Case shall be], do order and adjudge the said to pay the Sum of for Expences, Charges, and Costs to the

Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals], the Day and Year first above written.’

Proceedings

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, .Body to be within or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall be subject or liable to the Payment Moiuhsendar anY Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act, for

Form of Conviction.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxviii. 813

any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless Information respecting such Offence or Offences shall have been lodged before a Magistrate within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence is committed.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distress not made for any Money to be levied by this Act, the Distress itself shall not ^InT^of be deemed unlawful, nor the Parties making such Distress be deemed j.0‘ Trespassers, on account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relative thereto, nor yet be deemed Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in any Action on the Case.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff shall recover in any Plaintiff not Action for any such Irregularity or Trespass, or other Proceedings, if ,j?er jCoveic. Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on behalf of the Party Am^ndslbe or Parties who committed or caused to be committed any such Irregu- made. larity. Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings before such Action shall be brought; and in case no such Tender shall be made before the Commencement of such Action, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, before Issue shall be joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgment shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court as in other Actions wherein a Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Appeal, thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done or prevented from being done in pursuance of this Act (and for which no particular Method of Relief is herein-before appointed), or by any Order,

Judgment, or Determination relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, or by any Order, Judgment, or Determination made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Order, or Bye-law, such Person or Persons may, within Three Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgment, or Determination shall have been made or given (first giving Twenty-one Days Notice of such Complaint to the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint is intended to be made), complain to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the City or County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, who shall in a summary Way either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper may adjourn the hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such City or County; and the said Justices may, if they see Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Order,

Judgment, or Determination; but no Proceeding to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, or elsewhere, any Law,

Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Justices may award and order to the Party for whom such Appeal shall be determined, such Costs as they shall judge reasonable and proper j and all Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

\Locair\ 9 U—X

814 4° GEORGII IV, Cap. xxxviii.

Saving of

LXV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall ex-

Rights. tend or constrUed to extend to take away, abridge, or diminish any Rights, Privileges, Jurisdictions, and Powers which now belong to or are enjoyed by the Lord Mayor, Sheriffs, or Police Magistrates of the City ol Dublin, in virtue of former Acts of Parliament, Royal Charters, immemorial Usages, or otherwise : Provided also, that nothing herein shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding against the said Company, or against any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, in respect of any Works of the said Company, or of the Method which shall be employed by them for furnishing such Light as aforesaid, as a public or private Nuisance, or from bringing any Actions against the said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or-Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works or Methods of Lighting, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Nature of such Method of Lighting, or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of the , Persons employed therein.

r r - -ri\I r y • \/) g J q} •; > I m Z -I1

[Public Act.]

LX

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed

and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for lighting with Oil Gas the Town of Liverpool and certain Places adjacent thereto.

[23d 1823.]

WHEREAS the Town of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the adjoining Townships of Everton, Kirkdale, West Derby, and Toxteth Park, which Township of Toxteth Park includes the Town or Village of Harrington, are large and populous Places, and it would be of Advantage to the Trade and Shipping of the Port, and of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Town and of the said several other Townships, if the same were lighted by Inflammable Air or Gas to be procured from Oil and other Materials : And whereas such Inflammable Air or Gas procured from Oil and other Materials may be safely and beneficially used for lighting the Public Streets and Highways, Squares, and other Places in the said Town and Townships, and also for lighting Private Houses, Shops, Counting-Houses, Warehouses, and other Public and Private Buildings therein, and the Products to be obtained in making such Gas may be used and applied in various Ways with great Advantage: And whereas the several Persons hereinafter named are willing and desirous at their own Costs and Charges to effect the several Purposes aforesaid: But such beneficial Purposes cannot be carried fully and completely into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most [Local.~\ 9 Y Excellent

822 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Proprietors, assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Charles Alexander, Edmund Ashcroft, Robert Abraham, Richard Armistead, Thomas Amos, Mary Atkin, William Richardson Anderson, Harmood Ranner, Benjamin Batley, George Batley, William Blundell Clerk, John Bostock, John Bywater, Thomas Brockhurst Barclay, Joseph Bancroft, Thomas Dobbs Butler, Samuel Beetenson, Thomas Bold Clerk, William Wilking Bulley, Thomas Bulley, Robert Benson and Richard Rathbone, Thomas Browne, Elizabeth Beckwith, Robert Joseph Buddicom, Elizabeth Bold, James Bateson, John Carson, Peter Cornthwaite, Thomas Clare, John Cookson, Philip Moore Callow, Samuel Crewe, George Cruickshank, George Christian, James Clough, Robert Syers Christian, Mary Ann Cookson, Jane Cookson, John Davies, John Dennison, Joseph Dutton, Richard Dawson, James Davies, Thomas Dove, William Duff, Margaret Dobson, John Ewart, Rose Farquhar, Thomas Foster, John Foster, John Foster Junior, James Foster, John Finch, William Foster, Alexander Forrest, Elizabeth Jane Fletcher, Johnson Gore, William Gibson, Mary Gildart, William Graham, Peter Girvin, David Gladstone, William Gore, George Grant, Charles Horsfall, John Harvey, James Harvey, Nicholas Hurry, James Macbraire Henderson, Richard Edleston Hyde, Thomas Harvey, Elizabeth Holme, George Highton, Thomas Jevons, Robert Jones, David Jacob Jackson, Abraham Jackson, John Job, William Jones, Samuel Job, Thomas Kelly, Ellen Knowles, Thomas Kaye, Thomas Leicester, Joseph Leigh, Ann Lunt, Llewellyn Lloyd, Lewin Mozley, John Miller, Thomas Mather, Thomas Muncaster, Mary Mather, Anne Mather, John Mottershead, Matthew Miller, William Myers, William Williams Mortimer, John Mercer, George Orred, John Pattinson, Thomas Penny, James Phillips, Thomas Colley Porter, Charles Pole, George Ashby Pritt, Peter Webster Phythian, Richard Mercer Parry, George Parsons, James Queen, Rowland Roscow, James Roper, Edward Rushton, George Roach, John Ridgway, Mary Richardson, Thomas Rives, Rebecca Seaman, Richard Smith, Thomas Scott, Richard Stevenson, William Statham, Walter Scott, John Sutton, Lewis Stubbs, Thomas Sherlock, Edward Statham, Samuel Sherlock, John Hill Smythe Clerk, William Wyndham Sadler, Cuthbert Simpson, Hannah Stamford, Charles Tayleur, Henry Taylor, Richard Taylor, Thomas Taylor, Sir John Tobin Knight, Sir John Tobin, Trustee for Mrs. George Turner, Benjamin Thomas, Gilbert Harrison Timmins, John Daniel Thornely, Thomas Thornely, Wilfred Troutbeck, William Tyson, James Taylor, John Turtle, Thomas Moss Tate, James Thompson, Robert Tronson, Myer Isaac Tobias, David Tyrer, Jonathan Varty, John Van Zellar, Barton Wilson, Henry Wilson, Nicholas Waterhouse, Nicholas Waterhouse Junior, William Ward, Josiah Williamson, Robert Wright, Alfred Waterhouse, William Wade, John Ashton Yates, Richard Vaughan Yates, and all and every such other Person and Persons as shall from Time to Time become a Subscriber and Subscribers, and be duly admitted a Proprietor and Proprietors as hereinafter mentioned, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be and they are hereby declared to be One Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of The Liverpool Oil Gas Light Company, and by that . - Name

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

Name shall have perpetual Succession and a common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded at Law or in Equity, and shall and may prefer any Bill of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall commit any Felony or Offence indictable by the Laws of this Realm, or by any Enactment in this Act contained; and the said Company shall be established for the Purpose of producing Gas or Inflammable Air from Oil or other Substances or Materials (excepting Coal), as well as the Products obtained in the Process of making such Gas, and shall have full Power from Time to Time to make Contracts or to agree with any Commissioners, Directors, Trustees, or other Persons having or who may have the Controul, Direction, or Management of the Lighting of the said Town of Liverpool and the said several Townships of Everton, jKirkdale, West Derby, and Toxteth Park, or any of them, or any Part thereof respectively, or with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Corporation or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who may be willing and desirous of contracting or agreeing with the said Company of Proprietors for the Lighting of any Public Streets, Roads, Docks, Squares, or Market Places, or any Manufactories or Places of Public Exhibition, or Shops or Buildings or Private Houses, or any of them, within the said Town of Liverpool and the said several Townships of Everton, Kirkdale, West Derby, and Toxteth Park> or any of them, and to sell and dispose of such Gas and other Products as may be obtained in the Process of making Gas, under such Conditions, Limitations, and Restrictions as shall be hereinafter expressed.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Gas not to nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to be made authorize, nor shall it be lawful for the said Company to mami- from Coal* facture or produce Gas or Inflammable Air, or the Products obtained

in the Process of making Gas or Inflammable Air from Pit Coal,

Cannel Coal, or Coal of any other Species, Description, or Denomination.

III. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the said Power to Company to construct or make Gasometers and other Manu- purchase factories and Works necessary for the Purposes of this Act, it shall Lan s> &c* and may be lawful for the said Company, or their Committee of Management to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, for the

Time being, and they are hereby respectively empowered to contract and agree for the absolute Purchase or Hire of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments not exceeding in the whole the Space of Six Acres, within the said Town of Liverpool and the said several Townships of Everton, Kirkdale, West Derby, and Toxteth Park, or all, or any, or either of them, with any Body Politic; Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Tenant or Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, or with any Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts

respect-

824

I; 1

Restraining the Company from purchasing more than Six Acres of Land from incapacitated Persons.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxvx.

respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and also with all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to sell the same, or his, her, or their Right and Interest in the same, or to demise or let the same for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money for any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed, (as the Case may be,) such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments may be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act; and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be divested of all Right and Title, Claim, or Reversion to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be thereupon vested in the Liverpool Oil Gas Light Company, and their Successors; and it shall be lawful for the said Company and their Successors to hold such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and any Term, Right, and Interest therein so purchased as aforesaid, without incurring or being subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or of any other Law or Statute whatsoever; and also at any Time or Times thereafter to sell or dispose of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them, as they shall think proper, and from Time to Time to purchase and hold other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments more suitable for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, and again to sell the same in like Manner.

IV. And whereas the said Company is enabled to purchase Six Statute Acres of Land by virtue of this Act for the Purposes thereof, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Persons whomsoever, are empowered to sell such Quantity or Number of Acres to the said Company: And whereas it is expedient to restrain the said Company from selling any such Lands so purchased from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees for or in Behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, and again purchasing other Lands from the same or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, for or in Behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, in lieu or stead of the Lands so sold; be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to purchase from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate

* or

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix. 825

or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees for or in Behalf of Infants, Lunatics,

Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trusts, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, more than such Six Statute Acres; and in case the said Company shall afterwards sell the Whole or any Part of such Six Statute Acres so purchased, it shall not be lawful for the said Company to purchase of or for the same, or any other Body or Bodies Politic, or Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees for or in Behalf of Infants, Lunatics,

Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trusts, Tenants for Life or in Tail,

Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, to sell to the said Company any other Lands in lieu or in stead of those Six Statute Acres, or any Part thereof, so sold and disposed of by the said Company.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Bodies Poli-and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations ticempower-Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General ed tosel1, or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and also for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Bight, and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be thought necessary by the said Company to be purchased for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, to contract and agree with the said Company or the said Committee of Management for the Sale thereof or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey the same or any Part thereof, and all Estate,

Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever of in and to the same to the said Company and their Successors for the Purposes of this Act; and all Contracts, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, and without Inrolment, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Party or Parties so conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their said several Cestuique Trusts, and of all Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, and of all Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion expectant on any such particular Estate, and the same shall be deemed and considered to [Lora/.] 9 Z bar

826 4° GEORGII IV. Ca^p.xxxix.

bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Party or Parties, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Party and Parties claiming under them or any of them respectively, any Law, Statute, or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Corporate and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees and all other Persons whomsoever, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

Directing

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be con-Application tracted and agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here-M n^when ditaments purchased by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Pur-am°ountingen poses thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, to 2001. and Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Tenant for Life or in Tail, upwards. Trustees, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank q{ England* in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Liverpool Oil Gas Light Company, to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Party or Parties who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,) in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing and being settled therewith to the same or like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect $ and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the

827

4* GEORGII IV. ix.

said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Party or Parties who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application

so contracted and agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or of Purchase Hereditaments to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, which en

shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation 200l.and Aggregate or Sole, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, FemeCovert, exceeding Infant, Lunatic, or any other Person or Persons under any Disability 2o1-

or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Party or Parties for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Cases of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account and in Manner aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be named by the Party or Parties making such Option, and approved by the Committee of Management of the said Company, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends to arise thereon may be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so contracted and agreed to be paid as aforesaid shall °*‘Money not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases exceeding the same shall be applied to the Use of the Party or Parties who 201. would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and

Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee of Management shall think fit, or in case of Infancy,

Idiotcy* or Lunacy, then to the Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees of Infants, Idiots, or Lunatics entitled to such Rents and Profits, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Infants, Idiots, or Lunatics respectively.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any In case of Question shall arise touching the Title of any Party or Parties questionable to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name Poland with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court session to be of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, deemed the

Tenements, °wners*

828 4° GEORGII IV.

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by the said Company in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Party or Parties who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Party or Parties was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Costs of Purchases to be made in lieu of settled Estates, to be defrayed by the Company.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Party or Parties entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, or by reason of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments being held upon or under or subject to Trusts then subsisting and undetermined, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Bank of England, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery to order the Expences of making Contracts for and completing all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Company, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purchases as the said Court shall direct.

On Payment

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money Mcme^Pre6 so contracte(^ or agreed to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, mises^to be" Tenements, or Hereditaments by the said Company to the Party or vested in the Parties respectively entitled to the same, or to their Agents, or upon Company. Payment thereof into the Bank of England, for the Purpose of being disposed of in Manner hereinbefore directed (as the Case may be); and a Receipt or Receipts, Certificate or Certificates obtained for such Payment or Payments, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law or Equity of the Party and Parties, and Person and Persons respectively, to whom or for whose Use the same shall be paid into or out of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Company and their Successors for ever, for effecting the Purposes of this Act; and the said Company shall immediately thereupon be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin or Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed and assured the same Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments unto the said

Company,

4° GEORGII IV. xxxix. 829

Company, their Successors and Assigns, conformably to the Directions and according to the Form herein prescribed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and Form of Assurances of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be made Conveyance, to the said Company and their Successors, shall be made in the Form

or to the Effect following $ (that is to say,)

‘ J [or, we, as the Case may be] of in

e Consideration of the Sum of paid to me [or, us, or,

c into the Bank of England, as the Case may be~] by the Liverpool Oil

* Gas Light Company ,dohereby grant, release, convey andconfirm [or,

6 assign, as the Case may be] to the said Company and their Successors,

* all \ describe the Premises to be conveyed] and all my [or, our] Right,

6 Title, Estate, and Interest in and to the same and every Part ‘ thereof, to hold the same to the said Company and their Successors and Assigns for ever [or, as the Case may be] during all the ‘ Remainder of my [or, our] Term, Estate, or Interest in the said

* Premises. In Witness whereof I [or, we] have hereunto set my

6 Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals, or, our Common Seal, as ‘ the Case may be~] this Day of in the

‘ Year of our Lord .’

Which Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance so made shall at all Times be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, quoad the Party or Parties making the same, and his, her, or their Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons claiming or to claim by, from, under, or in Trust for him, her, or them respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Resale of Company from Time to Time to sell and dispose, and by Indenture Land not or Indentures under their Common Seal to grant and convey, by wantei* way of absolute Sale in Fee Simple for a competent Consideration

in Money, all or any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which may have been purchased, and which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by or from the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Part or Parts thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer (if only one, or if more than one, for the Treasurers, who, if engaged in Partnership together, may sign in their Style or Firm by any one of such Firm) for the Time being to the said Company to sign and give a Receipt or Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipt or Receipts shall be a sufficient Discharge to any Purchaser or Purchasers for the Money therein and thereby expressed or acknowledged to be received; and such Purchaser or Purchasers having bond jide paid the same, and obtained such Receipt or Receipts for the same, shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Nonapplication or Misapplication of such Purchase Money or any Part thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Capital or Joint Stock of Capital the said Company to be used and applied in establishing and carry- Stock not to ing on the said Undertaking and the Purposes aforesaid, shall not [Loca/.] 10 A exceed ’

m 4° GEORGII IV. £op*xxxix.

exceed the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds; and that the said Company shall not be authorized to enter upon the Execution of any of the Works for which Powers are hereby given until the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds shall have been first subscribed.

Subscribers

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per-to share m sons. Bodies Corporate and Politic, by or from whom any Subscription Proportion11 made or accepted, or any Payment made pursuant to the

to their Sub- Orders of any General Meeting to be held by the said Company, for scription. or towards the raising of the said Capital Sum of Forty thousand Pounds as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, (no such Subscription being less than One hundred Pounds), shall have and be entitled to a Share of add in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, in Proportion to the Monies which he, she, or they shall have so contributed towards the same, and shall have and be entitled to a proportionable Share of the Profits and Advantages of the Capital Stock of the said Company, and shall be admitted to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of and in the same.

Stock to be

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Forty thou-divided into sand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds 100iresterl- eac^ ant* ^at no Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politic, ingeach, and shall he a Subscriber or Subscribers for a less Sum than One hundred tobe Person- Pounds, nor hold more than Five Shares unless the Excess shall al Estate, devolve to him, her, or them by Marriage or Death, or by Operation

scrlber to ^aw $ anc* a^ Shares in the said Undertaking and in the net

hold more Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be deemed Personal Estate

than Five and not of the Nature of Real Property, and shall be transmissible

Shares. accordingly.

To compel

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons and Payment of g0(jies Corporate and Politic who have subscribed for or towards the tion$S.Cr P" said Undertaking, or who shall at any Time hereafter have or hold any Share or Shares in the same, shall and they are hereby respectively required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed and to be subscribed, or such Parts or Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for pursuant to or by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the said Company or their Committee of Management; and in case any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Money at such Times and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the said Company or their Committee of Management as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt or otherwise in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with lawful Interest for the same from such appointed Time of Payment; and all Costs of Suit from such Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate and Politic respectively, or in case where Two or more Persons or Bodies Corporate and Politic shall have jointly subscribed for, or be jointly possessed

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix. 831

possessed of any One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, then from all, any, or either of such joint Subscribers.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, Names of and they are hereby required within Three Calendar Months after the Praetors passing of this Act, to cause the Names and Designations of the several and Ce'r-Persons, and Bodies Corporate and Politic, who have subscribed for tificates of or may at any Time hereafter be entitled to a Share or Shares in the their Shares said Joint Stock, with the Number of Shares possessed by each Sub- ^g^ered to scriber, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be tiem‘ distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book to be

kept by the Clerk or Solicitor to the said Company; and after such Entry a Certificate under the Common Seal of the said Company shall be delivered to every Proprietor, or in case of more Persons than One being jointly interested, then to any One of them, upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he, she, or they is or are entitled in the Joint Stock; and such Certificate shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share therein specified; but the want of such Certificate shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from selling or disposing thereof; and which said Ticket or Instrument may be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

4 The Liverpool Oil Gas Light Company.

‘No. These are to certify, That A.B. of is a

‘ Proprietor of the Share No. being One Share of the Liver-,

pool Oil Gas Light Company, subject to the Rules, Orders, and 4 Regulations of the said Company of Proprietors; and that the said A. B., his [or, her] Executors, Administrators, [or, Successors]

and Assigns, is and are entitled to the Profits and Advantages of such Share. Given under the Common Seal of the said Company 4 the Day of in the Year of Our Lord

4 Passed under the Seal C C.D. Chairman.

4 in the Presence of £ E. F. Deputy Chairman.’

XIX. And be if further enacted, That whenever Two or more Per- In Cases sons shall be jointly possessed of or entitled to any Share or Shares in whereTwoor the said Undertaking, the Person whose Name shall stand first in the °rsea^r' Books of the said Company as Proprietor of such Share or Shares shall proprietors, for the Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be the Owner the Person’ or Proprietor of such Share or Shares; and all Notices hereby re- whose Name quired to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares ^divided in the said Undertaking, shall and may be given to such Person whose shares to be Name shall so stand first in the Books of the said Company; and such deemed the Notice to such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Notice to Owner, and all the Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares for all the Pur- ^tled to poses for which such Notice is intended to be given to the Owner or proprietor of any such Share or Shares, and that such Owners or Proprietors shall be entitled to give their Vote or Votes in respect

thereof by the Person whose Name shall so stand first in the Books of the said Company as Proprietor of such Share or Shares, and his Vote shall on all Occasions be deemed and allowed to be the Vote for or

in

832 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

in respect of the whole Property in such Share or Shares, without Proof of the Concurrence of the other Proprietor or Proprietors of such Share or Shares.

For ascertaining the Proprietorship of Shares in certain Cases.

XX. And whereas in case any original Holder or Proprietor of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become insolvent or bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his or her Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the Clerk or Solicitor (as the Case may be) of the said Company, it may not be in the Power of any Officer acting for the said Company to ascertain who is or are the Owner or Proprietor or Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to be made on such Share or Shares, or to maintain any Action or Actions, Suit, or other Proceedings against him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, for the Recovery of the same, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, the Interest or Dividends to which he, she, or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where the Right and Property in One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subscribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal Means than by a Transfer and Conveyance thereof in the Form and Manner hereinafter specified, on an Affidavit being made and sworn to by any Two credible Persons before a Master or Master Extraordinary of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, (and which Oath or Affirmation such Master or Justice is and are hereby empowered to administer and receive), such Affidavit stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares have or hath passed to such other Person, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns; and such Affidavit shall be delivered to the Clerk or Solicitor of the said Company, to the Intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or List of Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk or Solicitor of the said Company; and in all or any of the said Cases after Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing shall have been given by the said Clerk or Solicitor to the Owner or Owners thereof, or left at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, to pay his, her, or their Proportion of Money so to be called for; and such Person or Persons, his, her,- or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, who shall not have paid such his, her, or their Proportion as aforesaid/ it shall be lawful for the Subscribers and Proprietors, at any General Meeting after the Expiration of such Notice, to declare the same Share or Shares to be forfeited; and that in such Case the same shall be and become forfeited, and the same shall and may be sold and disposed of in such Manner as the said Subscribers or Proprietors at any Meeting or Meetings shall

direct.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix. 838

direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund or Stock of the said Company.

XXI. And be it also enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Shares may and respective Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, *gjn8" Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to sell and transfer any Share or Shares of which they shall respectively be possessed; and every such Transfer shall or may be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

J [or, we, as the Case may he] of in Consideration

of the Sum of paid to me, [or, us, as the Case may he~\

by of , do hereby bargain, sell,

assign, and transfer to the said the Sum of

Capital Stock of and in the Liverpool Oil Gas Light Company, being my Share [or, Shares] Number [or, Numbers]; therein to hold to the said his, [or, her, as the Case may he\

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules,

Orders, and Restrictions, and on the same Conditions that I [or, we, as the Case may he] held the same immediately before the Execution hereof; and I [or, we, as the Case may he~\ the said

do hereby agree to take and accept the said Share [or.

Shares] subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions and Conditions. As Witness my Hand [or, our Hands, as the Case may he] this Day of in the Year of our Lord

XXII. And be it also enacted, That every such Transfer shall be Transfers to registered in the Books of the said Company by an Entry of the be register-Date, Names of the Parties, and the Number of Shares transferred, for ed* which Entry or Registering the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more,

shall be paid to the Clerk or other Officer making the same; and a Copy of such Register, signed by the Clerk or other such Officer of the said Company, shall be sufficient Evidence of every such Sale and Transfer, and shall be accounted as such in all Disputes and in all Trials before any Court, and by all Judges, Justices, and others, in the United Kingdom; and that until such Transfer shall be registered or entered in the Books of the said Company as aforesaid, no Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, shall receive any Interest or Dividend for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, nor be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings as Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Company.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That after a Call for Money No Share to shall have been made by virtue of this Act, no Person or Persons shall be sold after sell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall pos- a.Cal1 until sess in the said Undertaking after the Day appointed for Payment of is piid°ney the said Call, until the Money called for, or in respect of his, her, or P

their Share or Shares intended to be sold shall be paid; attd that until such Money so called for shall be paid, any such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be void.

[Xoctf/.]

10 B

834

First Committee of Management.

Vacancies in the Committee how to be filled up.

Committee may elect a Subscriber to supply a Vacancy until a General Meeting.

Members of the Committee to serve till the Year 1825, when other Proprietors to be appointed. Members may be reelected.

Persons ceasing to hold Shares, or interested in Contracts, &c. disqualified

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That Sir John Tobin Knight, Charles Horsfall, Thomas Colley Porter, John Harvey, Joseph Dutton, Nicholas Waterhouse, John Ashton Yates, Thomas Jevons, William Ward, Henry Wilson, George Batley, Harmood Banner, and John Foster the younger, being Thirteen of the Proprietors of or Subscribers to the said Undertaking, shall be and they are hereby constituted and appointed the First Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Company.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Member or Members of the Committee of Management hereby nominated and appointed, or to be elected and appointed by virtue of this Act, shall die or become disqualified, or refuse or neglect to act, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Ten of them, at any Special Meeting or Meetings to be called and held for that Purpose pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to elect and appoint some other of the said Proprietors to be a Member or Members of the said Committee of Management; and every such Proprietor so elected and appointed to fill such Vacancy or Vacancies, and being duly qualified, shall continue in his or their several and respective Office and Offices so long as the Person in whose Place or Stead he was elected would have been entitled under the Provisions of this Act to have continued in Office if such Death, Refusal, Disqualification, or Neglect had not happened: Provided always, that in case of any such Vacancy or Vacancies in the said Committee as aforesaid, the rest of the Members of the Committee for the Time being, or a Majority of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be called for that Purpose, shall and may elect another Subscriber or Subscribers, duly qualified as aforesaid, to fill up such Vacancy or Vacancies until the General or Special Meeting of the Proprietors which shall first happen.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Members hereby nominated of the First Committee of Management shall continue in Office until the General Meeting of the Proprietors to be held on the Third Wednesday in January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, when. Thirteen other Proprietors duly qualified as after-mentioned shall be appointed in their Stead in pursuance of this Act.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who shall have served or acted upon the said Committee, and who by the Expiration of the said Term of Service shall go out of Office, shall and may notwithstanding such Service or the Expiration of such Term, if otherwise properly qualified, be eligible to be elected to and to serve or act as a Member of the said Committee of Management.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to be elected nor to serve or act as a Member of the said Committee who by Sale or otherwise shall cease to be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, or who shall hold any Place of Profit under the said Company, or who shall be concerned or interested in any Contract to be made or entered into under this Act, or who shall

offer

4a GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix. 835

offer to take or shall actually participate in any Manner in any Work from acting to be done for the said Company, whether by Contract or otherwise.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Meetings of Management shall meet within One Month after the passing of this th.e Com* Act, and at their First Meeting shall elect One of the Members of the ^attons said Committee to be Chairman, and One other Member to be Deputy for their Chairman respectively for the Time such Committee shall continue Proceedings, in Office; but in case the Chairman so to be elected shall be absent

at any of the Meetings of such Committee, the Deputy Chairman shall preside; and in case he shall likewise be absent, then the Members present at such Meeting shall, before they proceed upon any Business, elect from among themselves a Chairman pro tempore; and the Said Committee shall hold their Meetings at such Place, and as often as they shall think proper, and may adjourn their Meetings from Time to Time and from Place to Place as they shall think fit; and all Questions, Matters, and Things, which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered by the said Committee of Management at any of their Meetings, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of the Members then present, (the Number present not being less than Five), and in Cases of an equal Number of Votes upon any Question, including the Vote of the Chairman for the

Time being, such Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote; and the Chairman for the Time being of the Committee, or any Five or more Members thereof, may at any Time when he or they shall think fit, call a Meeting of the Committee, by Notice in Writing, to be sent by the Post or otherwise to the Residence or Place of Address of every Member of such Committee.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Ma- p0Wer of nagement of the said Company for the Time being shall have the Committee. Custody of the Common Seal of the said Company, and shall have

full Power and Authority at any Time to call a Special General Meeting of the said Company, to be held at such Place and for any Purpose as they may think proper, and to direct the Affairs and Business of the said Undertaking, as well in issuing, receiving, or laying out and disposing of all such Sums of Money to be issued or received, laid out or disposed of for the Purposes of the same, as in contracting for and purchasing or hiring Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods, and Chattels, for the Use of the said Undertaking, and in making and entering into Contracts or Agreements for lighting the Streets, Market Places, Docks, Lanes,

Ways, and other Places, Shops, and Public and Private Houses, or Buildings, within the said Town of Liverpool and the said several Townships as aforesaid, and nominating, appointing, electing, placing or displacing any Engineer, Officer, Workman, Agent or Servant of the said Company (not being a Treasurer of the said Company), with such Salaries, Gratuities, Wages or Recompence as to the said Committee shall seem proper, and in ordering, directing, and employing the Works and Workmen, and in selling and disposing of all Articles produced from Oil and other Materials as aforesaid, and in making, enforcing, and rescinding all Contracts and Bargains touching or in anywise concerning the same.

836

4" GEORGII IV. ix.

Calls to be made on Subscribers.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management for the Time being shall have full Power and Authority to make such Call or Calls of Money from the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, as the said Committee of Management shall from Time to Time find wanting and necessary for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, so that no such Call do exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Centum for or in respect of any One Share, and so that no Call or Calls be made but at the Distance of One Calendar Month at least from each other; and that the Sum or several Sums of Money so to be called for shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company for the Time being, to be issued and applied as directed in this Act; and the said several Sums of Money so called for shall be paid at such Time and Place as shall be In Default of directed and appointed by the said Committee in that Behalf; and Cafl"1 Shares any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, to be forfeit- or their Proportion of the Money so to be called for during the Space

ed. of Twenty-one Days next after the Time appointed for Payment

thereof, then and in such Case such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall absolutely forfeit all his, her, or their Share, Part, and Interest in the said Undertaking and Capital Stock, and all Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money heretofore advanced by him, her, or them on account thereof, to and for the Use and Bene-/ fit of the rest of the said Company; and all Shares which shall

or may be so forfeited shall or may be sold at a Public Sale for the most Money that can be gotten for the same, and the Produce thereof shall go to and make Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company; and the said Committee, or any Five of them, shall have Power and Authority to assign and transfer such Shares to such Person or Persons as shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, but that no Advantage shall be taken of such Forfeiture of any Share in the said Undertaking as aforesaid unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some General or Special Meeting of the said Proprietors, which shall be held not earlier than Three Calendar Months next after the said Forfeiture shall happen; and every such Forfeiture so to be declared shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Proprietor and Proprietors, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, so forfeiting, against all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement between such Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, and the said Company, with regard to the future carrying on and Management of the said Undertaking.

executors, tc. indem-lified in pay-ng Costs.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall die before Payment shall have been made by him or her of the full Sum to be called for or in respect thereof as aforesaid, without having made any sufficient Provision by Will or otherwise how such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how the future Calls in respect thereof shall be answered, that then and in such Case the Executors or Administrators of such Proprietor, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or other Person

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix. 837

Person entitled to the Estate and Effects of such Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against such Infant and all other Persons whomsoever for paying any Money which shall be called for as aforesaid in respect to the Share or Shares of such deceased Proprietor.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Proprietors of First Meet-Shares in the said Undertaking, or any Ten of them, shall meet toge- and ther at the King's Arms Inn, Liverpool, aforesaid, or some other con- on^General venient Place in Liverpool aforesaid, within Sixty Days next after the Meeting to passing of this Act, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock be held in in the Forenoon and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, or each Year, as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act; and that from and after the said First Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, there shall be held in each year One General Meeting of the said Company, that is to say, on the Third Wednesday in January in each Year, or within Fourteen Days next afterwards, of which Meeting, as also of all Special Meetings by this Act authorized to be held, Fourteen Days Notice at the least shall be given by Advertisement in One or more of the public Newspapers published in Liverpool aforesaid; and that such Meeting may be adjourned from Time to Time and from Place to Place within the said Town of Liverpool as shall be found expedient; and that the Subscribers and Proprietors or any Ten or more of them present at such General Meeting, shall annually elect Thirteen of the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, duly qualified as hereinbefore mentioned, to be a new Committee in the place of the former Committee whose Office shall then have expired, according to the Provisions of this Act, by a Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present; and in all Cases whatever, when the Number of Votes, including the Vote of the Chairman, shall be equal, then the Chairman for the Time being shall have another and decisive or casting Vote.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That any such General Meet- Meetings to ings or Special Meetings shall have full Power to call for and examine settle Ac-and settle the Accounts of the said Company and of the said Commit- JecfareDivi-tee of Management, and that at the Annual General Meeting or some dends. Adjournment thereof One or Two Dividend or Dividends shall be

made out of the Interest, Profits, or Advantages of the said Undertaking, unless such Meeting shall declare otherwise; and such Dividend or Dividends shall be at and after the Rate of so much per Centum for every Share upon all and every the Sum and Sums of Money paid to the said Company by the said Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, as such Meetings shall think fit to appoint and determine: Provided always, that no Dividend shall be made whereby the Capital of the said Company shall in any Degree be reduced or impaired, nor shall any Dividend be paid in respect of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for the Payment of any Call for Money in respect thereof, until such Call shall have been paid.

ILocaQ. 10 C XXXV. And

838

Power to appoint a Treasurer o Treasurers.

Treasurer and Clerk not to be the same Person.

Treasurer, &c not to issue Money without an Order, &c.

Proceedings to be entered.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company at any General Meeting of the said Company, to nominate and elect and to appoint, under the Common Seal of the said Company, any Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Treasurers, and from Time to Time to remove any such Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Company, and to nominate, elect, and appoint another Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead : Provided always, that the said Company shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient Security from every Person who shall be appointed Treasurer for any of the Purposes of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices, before they shall enter thereupon respectively.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to appoint the Person or Persons who may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Company, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Money shall be issued by the Treasurer or Treasurers, or any other Officer or Officers on account of the said Company, without an Order or Orders in Writing, signed by the Chairman of the Committee of Management for the Time being, for such Payment only as may have been ordered by a Vote of such Committee.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Orders and Proceedings of every Meeting, as well of the Company as of the Managing Committee, shall be entered by the Clerk in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered and signed by the Chairman of the said Meeting and the Clerk of the said Company, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts, and before all Judges, Justices, and others j and that no

Business

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix. 839

Business shall be transacted at any Special General Meeting besides the Business for which it shall have been called.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all No- Notice of tices herein directed to be given of any General or Special Meetings ^,eej^sJ0 of Proprietors or any Adjournments thereof respectively, or to any of be given, the said Proprietors, and not herein otherwise provided for, shall be given by Advertisement to be inserted in some One Newspaper printed or circulated in the said Town of Liverpool, or by Letters from the Clerk of the said Company, sent by the Post to or left at the usual Place of Abode or Business of the Proprietors respectively; and that such Notices when so published or given shall be deemed and considered the same as personal Notices.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall appear Special to the said Committee of Management for the Time being, or a Meetings of Majority of the same at any Meeting thereof, or if at any Time it prfetorrg’may shall appear to any Ten or more of the said Company of Proprietors be convened, to be necessary or expedient to call a Special Meeting of the Proprietors at large for the Purpose of taking their Opinion and Determination upon any Matter or Thing relating to the said Company, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Committee of Management of their own Authority, or at the Requisition in Writing to be signed by such Ten or more Proprietors, and which Requisition shall specify the Object of such Meeting, and they are hereby required to call a Special Meeting of the said Company at large; and in case the Committee of Management for the Time being shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Thirty Days to comply with such Requisition, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Proprietors who shall have signed the same to call a Special Meeting of the said Company at large; and Notice of every such Special Meeting shall be given by Advertisement in One or more of the Newspapers published in Liverpool aforesaid, specifying the Place where and the Time when such Meeting is to be held, the Time not being less than Fourteen Days after such Notice, and the Place to be somewhere in Liverpool, and likewise specifying in such Notice the Reason for and Intention of calling such Special Meeting; and the Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and to take into Consideration the Matter or Matters to be submitted to them by the Persons calling such Special Meeting and specified in such Notice; and the Decision and Determination of the Proprietors present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made at any General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall have subscribed for or become entitled to and be in the actual Possession of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall have One Vote only in respect of all or any such Share or Shares at the General and Special Meetings of the said Company to be held for carrying on the said Undertaking, or for any Purposes relative thereto: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to vote at

any

Proprietors entitled to One Vote only in respect of their Shares.

840 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

any General or Special Meetings of the said Company unless such Person shall have fully paid and satisfied all Arrears of Money which shall or may have become due in pursuance of any Call or Calls made or to be made by the said Committee of Management for or in respect of his or her Share or Shares; provided also, that no Person shall vote at any of the Meetings of the said Company upon any Question or Questions relating to the Concerns of the said Undertaking in which such Person or Persons shall be anywise interested other than as a Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors to or of the said Undertaking.

Empowering

XLII. And be it further enacted, That any Female Proprietor of *Htors"of' any Share or Shares in the said Company’s Stock entitled to vote in Shares to respect of such Share or Shares at any General or Special Meeting of

vote by the said Company, shall have full Power and Authority to give her

Proxy. Vote at such General or Special Meetings as aforesaid, either in

Person or by Proxy, every such Proxy being a Proprietor of the said Undertaking: Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall deliver in Proxies for more than Five Female Proprietors j and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (videlicet),

* J A.B. of One of the Proprietors of and in the Liverpool

« Oil Gas Light Company, do hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint C.jD. of to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my

« Absence to vote or give my Assent to or Dissent from any Business,

« Matter, or Thing relating to the said Undertaking that shall be < mentioned or proposed at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, in such Manner as he the said C.D. shall think proper according to his Opinion and Judgment for the Benefit of the said Undertaking or any thing relating thereto. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand the Day of .*

Lunatics and

XLIII. Provided always, That in case any Proprietor or Proprietors Minors how entitled to vote at any such Meeting as aforesaid shall be a Lunatic to vote. or Lunatics, or a Minor or Minors, such Lunatic or Lunatics shall or may vote at such Meeting or Meetings by his, her, or their Committee, or any One of such Committee, and such Minor or Minors shall and may vote by his, her, or their Guardian, or any One of such Guardians: Provided also, that the Appointment of such Committee or Guardian shall be produced at every Meeting at which he may so offer to vote : Provided always, that no Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politic, shall hold and vote as a Proxy or Proxies for more than Two Members upon any One Occasion (except as hereinbefore mentioned with respect to Female Proprietors), but such Person or Party may also vote in Right of his own Shares, as well as Committee of any Lunatic or Lunatics, and as Guardian of any Minor or Minors on the same Occasion.

General

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall

Meetings jjive fuu Power and Authority from Time to Time at any of their

Bye Laws. General or Special Meetings as aforesaid, to make such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, as to them shall seem meet and proper for the good Government of the said Undertaking, and for regulating the 6 ' Proceed-

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix. 841

Proceedings of the said Committee of Management, and for the regulating of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants to be employed in or about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking in all respects whatsoever, and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to make others, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all. Persons offending against such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence, as to the said Company at a General or Special Meeting shall seem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws so made as aforesaid shall be binding upon all Persons, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of this Realm or any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that Copies of such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws shall be printed, affixed, and continued in the Office or other conspicuous Part of the Buildings and Premises of the said Company; and all such Rules,

Orders, and Bye Laws shall be subject to appeal in Manner by this Act directed.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act No Gasome-contained shall extend or be deemed taken or construed to extend ter or Works to authorize or enable the said Company, nor shall it be lawful for within0*" them toerect, build, or establish any Gasometers or any other Buildings 150 Yards or Works used or necessary for the Purpose of creating or making of the Dock Gas, or any other Matter or Thing by virtue of this Act, within the Quayswlth-Distance of One hundred and fifty Yards from the Quays of any of of Trustees1; the present or future Docks or Basins made or to be made in the said Port and Town of Liverpool or in Harrington adjoining thereto, belonging to the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks, nor to continue the same without the Consent of the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks for that Purpose first had and obtained, such Consent to be signified by the Surveyor of the said Trustees for the Time being, nor within the like Distance of One hundred and fifty Yards from any Dock or Basin belonging to or in the Occupation of the Trustees named in the last Will and Testament of the Most Noble Francis late Duke of Bridgewater or their Successors, nor to continue the same without the Consent in nor without Writing of such Trustees, nor within the Distance of Two hundred Consent Yards from any Station or Reservoir belonging to the Company of n^Duke Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, nor to of Bridge-6 continue the same without the Consent of the Committee of water, Directors of the said Company, which Consent, to be signified under or the Di-the Hand of the Chairman of such Committee for the Time being, the !£ctors of the said Committee are hereby authorized to give, nor within the Distance Corporation of One hundred and fifty Yards from any Station belonging to the Water Liverpool Gas Light Company, nor to continue the same without the Works, Consent of the Committee of Management of the said Company, on or theLi-Pain of forfeiting for every Day such Buildings or Works shall be so lT^Cwh-used or established as aforesaid the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be re- Pany. °m" covered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign,

[Local] 10 D Pro-

842

Company to contract for lighting Public Lamps.

To afford cheaper Light than Oil.

Service Pipes to be kept fully charged with Gaa.

Company may break up Highways, Jcc.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and the said Sum when recovered shall be paid (as the Case may be) to the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks, or to the said Trustees of the late Duke of Bridgewater, for the Use of the said Trustees respectively, or to the Directors of the said Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, for the Use of such Company, or to the Committee of Management of the said Liverpool Gas Light Company, for the Use of such Company.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and they are hereby required from Time to Time to light the Public Lamps in the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages and other Public Ways in the said Town of Liverpool and the said several other Townships, in all or any of such Streets and Ways in which the said Company shall have laid Mains, in such Manner, at such Time and Times as shall from Time to Time be fixed, concluded, and agreed upon by and between the said Company and the Commissioners, Trustees, or other proper Persons appointed for the Purpose of lighting the said Town and the said several other Townships.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Company shall and they are hereby directed and required to supply such of the said Public Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages, and other Public Ways in the said Town and Townships as shall be contracted for, with Gas, of such Quality as shall at all Times afford a cheaper and better Light than could be obtained from burning Oil in the ordinary Mode; and every Contract or Agreement which shall be entered into for lighting with Gas any Public Street, Square, Lane, Passage, or Way by the said Company, shall contain a Clause providing that it shall be obligatory on the said Company that such Street, Square, Lane, Passage or Way shall at all Times be better and cheaper lighted by the said Company than could be done by burning Oil in the ordinary Mode, according to the average Expence of lighting with Oil for the Space of Three Years immediately preceding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Branch or ServicePipes which shall be put up by the said Company for Lighting the Streets, Squares, and other Public Places of the said Town and Townships, any or either of them, under any Contract or Agreement with the said Commissioners or other Persons thereunto authorized, shall be kept fully charged with Gas, and the Stopcocks shall be so formed and turned as not to impede or prevent the said Branch or Service Pipes being completely filled with Gas during the Time the same shall be lighted.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, at any Time or Times, by themselves, their Engineers, Officers, Agents, Workmen and Servants, for all or any of the Purposes of this Act, to break up and remove the Soil, Posts, Curbs, Bulkheads, Bars, Sewers, Drains, Pavements, Flags and gravelled and other Ways of any of the present or future Public Roads, Highways, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages, Courts, Footways, Quays and

other

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix. 843

other Public Places in the said Town of Liverpool, and also ih the said several Towtiships ot'Everton, Kirkdale, West Derby, and Toxteth Park, and to dig and sink Trenches or Drains and lay Pipes, and put and affix Stopcocks, Plugs, Branches or other Apparatus from such Pipes, and to do all such other Matters and Things at such Times and in such Manner as they shall judge necessary for supplying and conveying the Gas to be made by the said Company in the most ample and convenient Manner to and into the said Streets,

Highways, Squares, Lanes and other Places, and into the respective Houses, Offices, and other Buildings of the said Inhabitants of the said Town and the several Townships aforesaid, who may require the same; and from Time to Time as Occasion may require to alter, vary, and change the Position of and repair, relay, and maintain all such Pipes, Stopcocks, Plugs and other Apparatus, and to do all such other Acts, Matters, and Things as they shall from Time to Time deem necessary or proper for amending, repairing, completing, improving, using and perfecting the Works authorized by this Act to be made, done, and provided for the Purposes and according to the Intent and Meaning hereof, they the said Company of Proprietors, their Engineers, Agents, Servants and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company of Proprietors and their Engineers, Servants, Agents or Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for all Acts, Matters, and Things they or any of them shall do by virtue hereof, subject to such Provisoes or Restrictions as are herein contained.

L. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Company contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or Hj?110 lay . empower the said Company or their Successors to carry or lay any vatePre-Pn* Pipe or Pipes, Cocks, or Branches from any Main or Pipe, against, mises, &c. into, or through any Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Manu- without Con-factories, Public or Private Buildings as aforesaid, or to continue sent* the same without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners,

Occupier and Occupiers for the Time being of any such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, Public or Private Buildings as aforesaid respectively j nor to enable the said Company or their Successors to enter into or upon, or to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes in, over, or upon any Private Lands or Grounds* without the Consent in Writing of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for that Purpose first had and obtained.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Company in pany in so breaking up and removing the Soil, Posts, Curbs, Bulk- layinS Pipes heads, Bars, Drains, Pavements, Flags, and gravelled and other Ways of any of the present or future Public Roads, Highways, Pavements. Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages, Courts, Footways, Quays and other Public Places in the said several Townships, and in laying or repairing any such Pipes, Plugs, Stopcocks, Branches or other Apparatus, shall do as little Damage as may be, and shall forthwith fill in the Trenches, and make good the Pavements and Roads, and carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby; and the said Company shall in the meantime fence or guard, and affix Lights during the

Night,

.844 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

Night, at or near the Place or Places where any Ground shall be opened, in such Manner as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, Cattle, or Carriages, and by and according to the Directions and Provisions contained in all or any of the Acts of Parliament in force for the Time being, for paving, lighting, watching, and improving the said Town of Liverpool or the said several Townships aforesaid, or any of them, or for preventing Nuisances therein : Provided also, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the said Company of Proprietors, or in any of their Agents or Servants, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, in tilling in any such Ground, or removing Rubbish, or making good any such Pavements or Roads, or in case the same shall be imperfectly repaired, or in case the Ground so opened shall not be fenced or guarded and lighted; then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in whom the Right of Soil of such Pavements or Roads shall be, or to and for the Surveyor for the Time being of the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks, as to the Quays or Streets or Highways surrounding the Docks and Works belonging to the said Trustees, or the Surveyor for the Time being of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of Liverpool, as to such Streets and Highways in Liverpool as are repaired by and at the Expense of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, or to and for the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Town of Liverpool, as to such of the Streets and Highways in Liverpool as are repaired by and under the Direction of such Surveyors of the Highways of Liverpool, or to and for the Surveyors of the Highways of the said several Townships of Everton, Kirkdale, West Derby, and Toxteth Park, as to such Streets and Highways as are within the said Townships respectively, to fill in such Grounds, and to remove such Rubbish, and to repair and make good the Pavement or other Material of any Street, Square, Highway, Quay, Bridge, Marketplace, Court Yard, Road Way, Lane, Passage or other Place so broken up, and properly to fence or guard any such Trench or Excavation, and to place and maintain such Light or Lights during the Night as to him or them shall seem necessary; and the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof shall be paid by the said Company or their Treasurer or Treasurers, and in Default of Payment thereof for Thirty Days next after Demand made for the Payment thereof, Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Liverpool (or the said County of Lancaster, as the Case may be), all such reasonable Costs, together with any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds by way of Penalty, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any such Justice or Justices; and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Penalties, Costs, Charges and Expences shall be paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid: Provided always, that after such Pavements or Roads shall have been so repaired and made good, the same shall within Six Calendar Months thereafter give way or require relaying or repairing in consequence of such

Pav^-

845

4° GEORGII IV.

Pavements or Roads having been broken up for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, the same shall be forthwith done and performed by and at the Expence of the said Company.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise between the said Company of Proprietors or any of the Parties aforesaid relative to the proper Reinstatement, sufficient or insufficient Repair or Maintenance of the Pavement under the Provisions of this Act, of any of the Highways or Places wherein the said Company may have laid any Pipes or constructed any Works, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Liverpool or the County of Lancaster aforesaid, upon Information and Complaint before him, to summon the Clerk or Engineer or other Officer of the said Company, and to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and to award and adjudge such Sum of Money by way of Damages against the said Company, together with such Costs and Charges as to such Justice shall seem proper; and the Amount of such Damages so awarded and adjudged shall and may be recovered from the said Company by an Action of Debt or by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, or as any other Penalty is recoverable under this Act: Provided always, that it shall not be competent for any Justice of the Peace to hear and determine any such Question as aforesaid unless Two full Days Notice by the complaining Party shall have been given to the said Company of the intended Application to such Justice, with the Grounds of such Complaint.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to contract and agree with the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Town of Liverpool for the Time being for any Term or Terms of Years or otherwise, not exceeding Ten Years in any One Contract, for the opening or filling in of all or any of the Trenches or Drains required to be opened for laying the Mains, Pipes, Branches or other Apparatus of the said Company for supplying the said Gas, and also for paving, flagging, and repairing the Highways, Streets, Roads, and Public and Private Ways so opened or broken up for the Purpose aforesaid; and that all and every Contract and Contracts, and the Covenants, Stipulations, and Conditions therein contained, if made for any longer Term than One Year, shall be binding and conclusive upon the said Surveyors so entering into the same, and their Successors, Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being, any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding : Provided always, that the said Company shall and they are hereby required to give Notice in Writing under the Hand of their Manager or Engineer for the Time being, to the Suiveyors of the Highways of the said Town of Liverpool, Three Days at least before they proceed to break up or open any of the Streets in the said Town repaired by or under the Directions of the said Surveyors for the Purpose of laying therein any Mains for the Conveyance of Gas as aforesaid.

If any Question arises as to Sufficiency of Pavement, to be referred to a Justice, &c.

Power for Company to contract with Surveyors of Highways for Repair of Streets, &c.

846 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

c.°PJnrt0

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said oflayingCe Company of Proprietors shall be desirous of entering into or upon Pipes on the any of the present or future Docks, Quays, or Wharfs of the Port DockQuays, of Liverpool for the Purposes of this Act, the said Company of Pro-&c* prietors, or some Person or Persons on their Behalf, shall give Thirty

Days Notice in Writing to the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks, or their Secretary or Surveyor for the Time being, describing the Line or Lines, Place or Places, in which they propose to lay or place any Pipes or other Works; and if the said Trustees shall require the Line or Lines, Place or Places thereof to be varied, then the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall cause such Pipes or other Works to be laid or placed in such other Place or Places suitable for the Purpose, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor for the Time being shall previous to the Expiration of such Thirty Days describe and point out.

Company to remove Pipes, &c. on private Property, on Notice.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Pipe, Cock, or Branch shall be carried or laid from any Main or Pipe of the said Company of Proprietors into or through or against any private Dwelling House, Manufactory, Warehouse, Wharf, Building, Yard or Ground, for the Purpose of lighting the same, or any other Dwelling House, Manufactory, Building, Yard or Ground, in pursuance of and conformably to the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained; and the Owner or Occupier of any such private Dwelling House, Manufactory, Warehouse, Wharf, Building, Yard or Ground into or through or against which such Pipe, Cock, or Branch shall pass or be laid, shall be desirous that the same Pipe, Cock, or Branch shall be altered or removed and taken away, and of such their Desire shall give Notice in Writing to the said Company of Proprietors, then and in every such Case the said Company of Proprietors shall within Seven Days after Receipt of such Notice alter or remove and take away, or cause to be altered or removed and taken away all or any such Pipes, Cocks, and Branches as shall have been so introduced and laid therein or thereupon from any such Main or Pipe of the said Company as aforesaid, and in Default thereof it shall and may be lawful to and for such Owner or Occupier, or any other Person or Persons acting under their Authority, to cause such Pipes, Cocks, and Branches to be altered or removed and taken away, as the Case may require; and the Costs and Expences of such Removal shall be recovered from the said Company on Complaint before a Justice of the Peace, as any Penalty is recoverable under this Act, if the same be not paid on Demand by such Company.

Owners of private Grounds may alter the Position of Pipes.

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Company shall at any Time hereafter break up the Soil, Pitching, or Pavement of any Private Road or Way for the Purpose oflaying any Main or Pipe along, under, or across the same, with the Consent of the Owner or Owners of the Soil for the Time being, and after the same shall have been so laid and placed, such Owner or Owners shall be desirous of having the same removed, it shall be lawful for such Owner or Owners at any Time or Times thereafter, if he, she, or they should deem it necessary or expedient, and at his, her, or their own Costs and Charges, to alter and vary the Position of such Pipe or

Pipes,

847

4° GEORGII IV. ix.

Pipes, Main or Mains, and to relay the same so that no Damage be done thereby to the said Company, and so that they be not thereby prevented from or obstructed in lighting any public or private Lamp, unless such Damage or Obstruction be unavoidable.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by the raising, sinking, or altering any of the said Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, or Branches, by such Owner or Owners as last mentioned, any Damage, Loss, or Injury shall be done, accrue, or be sustained to or by the said Company or their Successors, then and in every such Case such Damage, Loss, or Injury, to be fixed and ascertained by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town of Liverpool or County of Lancaster (as the Case may require), shall be made good to the said Company of Proprietors by the said Owner or Owners (as the Case may be) as soon as Circumstances shall permit; and in Default of Payment thereof by any such Owner or Owners for Seven Days after Demand shall be made by the said Company, or by their Clerk or Superintendant, Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witness before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town of Liverpool or County of Lancaster (as the Case may require), the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Costs and Charges shall be paid to the said Company as the Case may require.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Course and Direction of the present and future Public Sewers and Drains in Liverpool shall not be altered or changed, nor shall they be broken into, disturbed, or interfered with by the said Company of Proprietors, without the previous Consent of the Common Council of the said Town of Liverpool for the Time being or of some Committee of the said Common Council for the Time being, to be signified in Writing under the Hand of their Surveyor, or without the previous Consent of the Surveyors of the Highways of the Town of Liverpool; nor shall any Public Sewers and Drains in any of the said several Townships of Everton, Kir Male, West Derby, or Toxteth Park, be so altered or changed, broken into, disturbed or interfered with by the said Company without the previous Consent of a Majority of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements within the said Townships respectively at a Meeting to be called for the Purpose, of which Meeting Notice shall be given in the usual Mode of publishing Notices in the said Townships at least Seven Days previous to the Time of holding the same; and that if any Alteration shall be made (with such Consent) then such Sewers and Drains shall be again made good to the Satisfaction of the said Surveyors respectively, by and at the Expence of the said Company, as soon as conveniently may be; provided also, that no Alteration shall be made in the present or future Tunnels used for cleansing any of the present or future Public or Private Docks in the

Company to be remunerated for Loss sustained in altering Pipes, &c. in certain Cases.

Public Sewers, &c. not to be altered without Consent of the Surveyor of Corporation of Liverpool.

848

4" GEORGII IV. ix.

said Town, or in Toxteth Park, nor shall they in anywise be interfered with, broken into, or disturbed without the previous Consent of the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks, or of the Committee of the said Trustees for the Time being, to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Surveyor for the Time being of the said Trustees, or with the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Occupier for the Time being of any Private Dock (as the Case may be), and that if any Alteration shall be made (with such Consent), then the said Tunnels shall be again made good to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor of the said Trustees or other Parties interested, by and at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, as soon as conveniently may be.

Company to

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several

use particu- Main Pipes or Conduits, and all other Pipes or Conduits to be from ConductsaD Time to Time laid down or made Use of for the Conveyance of Gas by the said Company by virtue of this Act, shall be made of Cast Iron, Wrought Iron, Block Tin or Copper, or some other Metal, and not of any other Material, and that every such Main Pipe or Conduit shall have the Words " Oil Gas1* stamped or formed thereon in such Manner as that such Words shall be legible upon every Nine Feet of such Pipes, and that every such Main Pipe or Conduit shall be so laid that such Words may always be upon the upper Part thereof.

Penalty for conveying offensive Liquids into River, &c.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Company of Proprietors, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons whomsoever, shall at any Time empty, drain, or convey, or cause or suffer to be emptied, drained, or conveyed, or to run or flow, any Washings or other Waste Liquids, Substances, or Things whatsoever, which shall arise or be produced in the Prosecution of the said Gas Works, or in the Manufacture or Process of making or procuring such Gas, into any River, Brook, running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, Spring Head, or Well, or into any Canal, Dock, Basin, Cut, or navigable River or Stream, or any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or do or cause to be done any Annoyance, Act, or Thing to the Water contained in any such River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond or Spring Head, Well, Canal, Dock, Basin, Cut or navigable River or Stream, or any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch, then and in every such Case the Company of Proprietors, or other Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege or Wag^rof Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and the whole thereof shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same: Provided always, that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable unless the same be sued for within Twelve Calendar Months from the Time such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act or Thing shall have ceased and determined; Provided also, that over and

above

4’ GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix. 84.9

above and in addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds,

(and whether such Penalty shall have been sued for or recovered or not), in case any of the said Washings or other Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things shall be emptied, drained, conducted or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in Manner aforesaid into any River, Brook, or running Stream, or any Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, Spring Head or Well, Canal, Dock, Basin, Cut or navigable River or Stream, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or any such Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given by any Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to the said Company of Proprietors, or other Body Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons so offending, and the said Company of Proprietors, or Body Politic or Corporate, or such Person or Persons, shall not within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice shall have been given to them or him as aforesaid, stop, hinder, or prevent all and any such Washings, Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things from being emptied, drained, conducted or conveyed, or from running or flowing in Manner aforesaid, and every such other Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act or Thing from being done as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Company of Proprietors, or such Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each and every Day such Washings, Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things shall be so emptied, drained, conducted or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in Manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be done or caused to be done as aforesaid; and such last mentioned Penalty shall and may be recovered and levied in such and the like Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is in and by this Act directed to be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Informer or to the Person or Persons who in the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Conviction shall take place, shall have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage by any such Act so done or committed.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Pipes or other Gas pipeg t(> Conduits to be laid or used for the Conveyance of Gas in, under, be laid Four through, along, across, or round any Street, Sqtiare, Market-Place* Feet fro Dock, Lane, Weint, Alley, Passage, Court or other Place in the ^a^nicu^ Town and Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, or in the Township of Tox- ^Manner" teth Parky shall be so laid at the greatest practicable Distance, and whenever the Width of the Carriage Way in such Street or Place will allow thereof, at the Distance of Four Feet at least, as well from the nearest Part of any Water Pipe already laid down, or hereafter to be laid down by or by the Order of the Company of Proprietors for the Time being of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, for the Conveyance of Water, in, under, through, along, across or round any of the said Streets, Squares, Market-Places, Docks, Lanes, Wein ts,

Alleys, Passages, Courts, or other Places in the Parish and Town of Liverpool aforesaid, as also from the nearest Part of any Main or ['Local.Ji 10 F v Conduit

850

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

Conduit Pipe already laid down, or hereafter* to be laid down, by or by the Order of the Liverpool Gas Light Company, for the Conveyance of Gas, in, under, through, along, across or round any Streets, Squares, Market-Places, Docks, Lanes, Weints, Alleys, Passages, Courts or other Places in the Town of Liverpool, or the Township of Toocteth Parky (unless in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to fay the Pipes of the said Liverpool Oil Gas Light Company across any of the Pipes of the said Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, or of the said Liverpool Gas Light Company, in which Cases the said Pipes of the said Liverpool Oil Gas Light Company shall be laid over and above such Water Pipes, or such Pipes of the said Liverpool Gas Light Company (as the Case may be), at the greatest practicable Distance therefrom, and shall form therewith a right Angle), and that in such Cases the said Pipes of the said Liverpool Oil Gas Light Company so crossing the said Pipes of the said Liverpool Corporation Water Works Company, or of the said Liverpool Gas Light Company, shall be at least Nine Feet in Length, so that no Joint of any of the said Pipes of the said Liverpool Oil Gas Light Company shall be nearer to any Part of the said Pipes of the said Liverpool Corporation Water Works Company, or of the said Liverpool Gas Light Company than Four Feet at least; and that in laying down the said Pipes, the said Liverpool Oil Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall in no case join Two or more Gas Pipes together previous to their being laid in the Trench, but shall lay each Pipe as near as may be in its Place in the Trench, and shall in such Trench properly form the jointing with the other Pipes to be added thereto, with proper and sufficient Materials, and shall also make and keep all and every such Pipes, and all Pipes connected or communicating therewith, and all the Screws, Joints, Inlets, Apertures, or Openings therein respectively, Air-tight, and in all and every respect prevent the said Gas from escaping therefrom and from any Part thereof, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty is herein directed to be recovered, and shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, or to the said Liverpool Gas Light Company (as the Case may be.)

For stopping

LXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be the Efecape of found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or Gas* set Up by the said Oil Gas Light Company in pursuance of this Act,

the said Oil Gas Light Company shall at their own Expence immediately after receiving Notice by Parole, or in Writing (to be left ot given at their Office or usual Place of transacting their Business), of any such Escape of Gas, from any Person or Persons whomsoever, stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Oil Gas Light Company shall not within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice by Parole or in Writing being given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of Complaint, then and in every such Case the said Oil Gas Light Company shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each and every Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours

851

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

from the Time of giving any such Notice, during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid; which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recoverable in a summary Way, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before some One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Liverpool, or County Palatine of Lancaster (as the Case may be), and shall and may be recovered, with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Oil Gas Light Company, by the Warrant of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Water of the oil Gas Corn-Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, pany to pre shall be contaminated or affected by the Gas Lof the said Oil Gas ^JcSuana-Light Company, the said Oil Gas Light Company shall forfeit and pay jnatjont &c." for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be of Water, sued for and recovered as any Penalty is hereby directed to be sued for and recovered, and shall be applied to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works; and in case any such Water shall be contaminated or affected by Gas in any way whatsoever, that then and in every such Case and Cases the said Oil Gas Light Company, their Successors and Assigns, shall, within Twenty-four Hours next after Notice thereof in Writing, signed by any of the Directors, or by the Treasurer, or by the Manager or Chief Clerk for the Time being of and for the Company of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, to be left at the usual Office or Place of transacting Business of the said Oil Gas Light Company, cause the most proper and effectual Measures to be taken effectually to stop and prevent Gas from escaping from their Works, Mains, or Pipes, or contaminating or affecting the Water of the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works; and in case the said Oil Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall not within Twenty-four Hours next after each and every such Notice so left as aforesaid, effectually stop and prevent Gas from so escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of every such Complaint, and prevent all and every such Contamination whereof Notice shall be given as aforesaid, that then and in every such Case the said Oil Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall on each and every Complaint, whereof Notice shall be given as aforesaid, forfeit and pay to the Treasurer for the Time being, or to any One of the Directors for the Time being of the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, for the Use and Benefit of the same Proprietors, over and above the before mentioned Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid, the Sum of Ten Pounds for each and every Day during which the Water of the said last mentioned Company shall be and remain contaminated, tainted, or affected by the Gas of the said Oil Gas Light Company; and in Default of Payment thereof as aforesaid, suchPenaity or Penalties shall and may be recovered by Information, to be exhibited on the Oath of One credible Witness by and in the Name of the Treasurer, or by and in the Name of the Manager and Chief Clerk for the Time being of the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, or by and in the Name of any One or

more

852 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

more of the Directors of the said Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, at the Option of the Parties prosecuting such Information against the said Oil Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, before any Justice of the Peace for the Borough of Liverpool, with Costs to be assessed by such Justice, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Oil Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant; and such Penalty or Penalties, and Costs when so levied, shall be paid to the Treasurer Or to One of the Directors for the Time being of the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, for the Use of the same Proprietors.

For.ascer-

LXIV. And whereas it may be or become a Question upon such Wateriscon- ^mplaint as aforesaid whether the said Water be contaminated or taminated. atfected by the Gas of the said Oil Gas Light Company; be it therefore enacted, That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works to dig to and about, and search and examine the Mains, Pipes, Conduits, and Apparatus of the said Oil Gas Light Company, for the purpose of ascertaining whether such Contamination proceed or be occasioned by the Gas of the said Company; and if it shall appear that the said Water has been contaminated by any Escape of Gas of the said Oil Gas Light Company, the Costs and Expences of the said digging, Search and Examination and Repair of the Pavement of the Street or Streets which shall be taken up or disturbed, shall be borne and paid by the said Oil Gas Light Company, which Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and determined, if necessary, by such Justice as aforesaid, and be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty may be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that if upon such Examination it shall appear that such Contamination has not arisen from any such Escape of Gas from any of the Mains, Pipes, or Conduits of the said Oil Gas Light Company, then and in such Case the said Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works shall bear and pay all the Costs and Expences of such Examination, Repair, and Search, and shall also make good to the said Oil Gas Light Company any Loss, Injury, or Damage which may be occasioned to the said Mains, Pipes, Conduits or Apparatus of the said Oil Gas Light Company, in and (by such Search and Examination, and also to the Pavement of the said Streets so broken up or disturbed in such Search or Examination, the Amount of such Injury, Loss, or Damage, to be ascertained and determined if necessary by such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as the said Company, their Successors or Assigns, or their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, shall dig or sink any Trench or Trenches for laying any Pipe or Pipes for the Conveyance of Gas or other Apparatus, or shall open any Ground for the Purposes of this Act or any of them, in or upon or near to which any Water Pipe or Pipes belonging to the said ,i Pro-

Notice to be given to Liverpool Corporation Water Works of opening Ground.

853

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

Proprietors for the Time being of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, for conveying Water into, through, or about the said Town and Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, or any Branch or Service Pipe or Pipes for the Supply of any Dwelling House or Building, shall be laid, the said Company, their Successors or Assigns, Servants,

Agents, or Workmen, shall and they are hereby required to give Three Days previous Notice thereof in Writing to the Manager and Chief Clerk for the Time being of the Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, to be left at the principal Office of the same Proprietors; and on every such Occasion the said Company, their Servants, Agents, and Workmen shall, under the Direction and Inspection of the Manager and Chief Clerk or Engineer for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works (or under the Direction and Inspection of any other Person or Persons authorized by the Directors for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works), protect and secure such Water Pipe or Pipes from any Injury or Damage, and shall also within Three Days thereafter repair and make good any Damage that shall or may be done to any such Pipe or Pipes on any such Occasion; and in Default of giving such Notice as aforesaid, and also of repairing and making good any such Damage within the Time aforesaid, the said Oil Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall for each and every such Default forfeit and pay to the Manager and Chief Clerk or One of the Directors for the Time being of the Company of Proprietors for the Time being of the Liverpool Corporation Water-Works, for the Use of the said Company of Proprietors, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every Day, and for each and every such Default, and also the Costs and Expences which shall have been incurred by the said Water Company in and about the securing and protecting of any such Water Pipe or Pipes, or in repairing and making good any Injury or Damage that may have been done to any such Water Pipe or Pipes, or repairing or making good the Pavement over or adjoining the same, by the Ways and Means aforesaid; and all which Damages, Costs, Charges, and Expences, are to be ascertained by any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Liverpool or the County of Lancaster (as the Case may require), and to be recovered in the same Manner as any Expences or Penalties under this Act may be recovered.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the said Notice to be Oil Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, or their Servants, given to Li-Agents, or Workmen, shall dig or sink any Trench or Trenches for ^TccmT laying any Pipe or Pipes for the Conveyance of Gas or other Ap- om"

paratus, or shall open any Ground for the Purposes of this Act, or v any of them, in or upon or near to which any Main or Conduit Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Liverpool Gas Light Company shall be laid, the said Liverpool Oil Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall and they are hereby required to give Three Days previous Notice thereof in Writing to the Head Clerk or Engineer of the Liverpool Gas Light Company, to be left at the Office for the Time being of the said Liverpool Gas Light Company; and on every such Occasion the said Liverpool Oil Gas Light Company,

[Local.'] 10 G their

854

Powers given to the Liverpool Corporation Water Works extended to the Bootle Company.

39G. 3. C. 36.

Power for Commissioners of Lamps in Liverpool to contract for lighting with Gas.

21 G.2.C. 24.

4° GEORGII IV. xxxix.

their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, shall protect and secure such Pipes of the said Liverpool Gas Light Company from any Injury or Damage, and shall forthwith repair and make good any Damage that shall or may be done to any such Pipes on any such Occasion; and in Default of giving such Notice as aforesaid, and also of forthwith repairing and making good any such Damage, the said Liverpool Oil Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall for each and every such Default forfeit and pay to the Chief Clerk for the Time being of the said Liverpool Gas Light Company, for the Use of the said Company, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every Day, and for each and every such Default, and also the Costs and Expences which shall have been incurred or sustained by the said Liverpool Gas Light Company, in and about securing and protecting of any such Pipes, or in repairing or making good any Injury or Damage that may have been done to any such Pipes, or repairing or making good the Pavement over or adjoining the same by the Ways or Means aforesaid; and any Loss or Damage which may be sustained by the said Liverpool Gas Light Company, by reason or means or in consequence of any Injury done to such Pipes, and all which Damages, Costs, Charges and Expences shall be ascertained by any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Liverpool or the County of Lancaster (as the Case may require), and be recovered in the same Manner as any Expences or Penalties under this Act may be recovered.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Stipulations and Restrictions hereinbefore contained and enacted, relating to the Company of Proprietors for the Time being of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, their Manager or Chief Clerk, Engineers, Servants, Workmen and others by them employed for preventing the said Gas from escaping from the said Company's Pipes, now laid or hereafter to be laid, and for protecting the said Company’s Water from Contamination, noxious Smell, or by or from such Gas as aforesaid, and for other the Purposes hereinbefore expressed and enacted, shall be deemed and taken, and shall be construed to be deemed and taken to extend and be applicable to the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Water Works, incorporated by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water from certain Springs in the Township of Bootle, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, both in the Town of Liverpool, and the Townships of Everton, Kirkdale, and West Derby, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Stipulations and Restrictions were herein repeated and enacted.

LXVIII. And whereas Doubts may arise whether the said Company of Proprietors can enter into any Contracts with the Commissioners for the Time being appointed and to be appointed under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for building a Church in the Town of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for enlightening and cleansing the Streets

855

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

of the said Town, and for keeping and maintaining a Nightly Watch there; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company from Time to Time to enter into and execute any Contract with such Commissioners for lighting with Gas any Lamp or Lamps in the said Town and Port for any reasonable Period of Time, and to erect or cause to be erected Pillars and all other Apparatus to receive such Gas Lights; all which Contracts of such Commissioners shall be binding and conclusive as well upon themselves as their Successors in Office, any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall lay or cause to be laid any iron, leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any Pipe belonging to the said Company, without the Consent of the said Company under their Common Seal first had and obtained, on pain of forfeiting and paying to the said Company the Sum of Five Pounds, and also the Sum of Twenty Shillings a Day for every Day such Pipe shall so remain, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Liverpool or County of Lancaster (as the Case may be), and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is or are hereby required and empowered to grant; and the Surplus after such Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall determine, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall carelessly or negligently break, destroy, throw down, damage or injure any Lamp or Lamps hung out, set up, or belonging to the said Company, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their private Expence, or any Pipe, Pedestal, Post, Plug, or other Apparatus, Matter or Thing belonging thereto or to the said Company, or waste any of the Inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, and shall not upon Demand by the said Company, or their Clerk or Superintendant, or other Person or Persons authorized by them, make Satisfaction for the Damage done, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town of Liverpool or County of Lancaster (as the Case may require), and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to summon before him or them the Party or Parties against whom such Complaint shall be preferred, and upon hearing the Allegation and Proofs on both Sides, or on Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained against, after due Proof of such Party or Parties having been summoned to appear, to award such Sum or Sums of Money byway of Satisfaction to the said Company, or to such other Person or Persons (as the Case may

require),

No Pipes of Communication to be laid without Consent of the Company.

Satisfaction for Damage to Lamps, &c.

856 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

require), for such Damages as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums so awarded within Three Days after Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices or any One of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause the same to be raised and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices.

Penalty for

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wan-interrupting tonly or maliciously hinder or interrupt the Workmen or Servants, or WorkmenS any t^enciJ *n Service of the said Company, in doing or performing any of the Works, or in Exercise of any of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or shall in anywise cause or procure such Interruption or Hindrance to take place, and shall be thereof convicted before any Justice or Justices for the said Town of Liverpool or County of Lancaster (as the Case may require), either on Evidence of any credible Witness or by Confession of the Party accused, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum, to be adjudged by such Justice or Justices, not exceeding Five Pounds; and such Sum so adjudged, to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may by virtue of this Act be recovered.

For Re-

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Party or Parties

covery of who shall contract with the said Company, or agree to take, use, or

Rente* enjoy the Benefit of the said Gas, shall refuse or neglect after the

Space of Ten Days after Demand made or left in Writing at the Place or Places of Abode or Business of such Party or Parties, to pay the Rents or Sum or Sums of Money then due for such Gas to the said Company, according to the Terms and Stipulations of the said Company, it shall be lawful for the said Company to cause the Pipe or Pipes furnishing such Gas and communicating with any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes or other Works, and whether such Pipe or Pipes shall be the Property of the said Company or otherwise, to be cut off or in any other Manner separated from the Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, or Works with which the same shall communicate, and to cause such Gas to be stopped from running or issuing through the same; and that the Rent or Rents, Sum or Sums of Money then due from any such Party or Parties to the said Company for such Gas, as also any other Rent or Rents, Sum or Sums of Money due and owing to the said Company for Gas supplied by them to any Person or Persons, shall and may be recovered by the said Company, or their Clerk or Superintendant, or any Person or Persons acting under their Authority, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said Town of Liverpool or County of Lancaster (as the Case may require); and it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their Clerk or Superintendant, or any Person or Persons acting under their Authority, with such Warrant, to levy the said Sum or Sums so due and owing as aforesaid by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus, if any, to such Party or Parties, after deducting

85 7

4 GEORGII IV.

ducting the necessary Charges of such Distress and Sale, or the same may be recovered in the Borough Court of Liverpool, or in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in England, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully Penalty for or maliciously remove, take away, destroy, disturb, alter, damage, damaging or injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Post, Plug, or other Matter or ^ngdshin^* Thing belonging to the said Company, or who shall willfully or Lights, &c. maliciously put out or extinguish any Lamp or Lamps when lighted by the said Company, any Person so offending in any of the respective Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of One credible Witness before One or more Justice or Justices for the said Borough or County (as the Case may be), shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Amount of the Damage to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices to be done; such Penalty and Damage, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, or such Offender shall and may be committed to the House of Correction of the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Appeal may Body or Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons be made to whatsoever, thinking himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any felons. Rule, Bye Law, or Order of the said Company, or any thing done in pursuance thereof, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, may, within Four Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said Borough or County (as the Case may be) where the Cause of Appeal shall arise, and not elsewhere, the Person or Persons appealing having first given at least Ten clear Days Notice of such Appeal and of the Nature and Matter thereof to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the said Company (as the Case may be), and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such Borough or County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon j and the said Justices upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, shall in a summary Way hear and determine such Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such Borough or County (as the Case may be), and if they see cause may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Order, or Determination, and shall and may also award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, or such Costs to either of the Parties as they shall judge [.Local.] 10 H reason-

858 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

reasonable and proper; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Power of

LXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Commission- in thiS Act contained shall extend or be construed to defeat, abridge, ing not to be a^ters obstruct, or in any Manner interfere with the Powers and Au-obstructed. thorities of the Commissioners, Directors, Trustees, or others, for lighting the said Town of Liverpool and the said several other Townships, Places, or any Body Corporate or Politic, Sole or Aggregate or Established, for the Supply of Water in or for the said Town of Liverpool and the said several other Townships or Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Rights of any Person or Persons to make, enlarge, repair, or amend any Vault or Sewer under any Street or other Place within the said Town and the said several other Townships or Places.

Company

LXXVI. Provided also,and beitfurther enacted, That nothingherein

x?b'le for contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Per-uisances. son or persons from proceeding against the said Company, or against any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, in respect of any Works of the said Company, or the Means which shall be by them used in obtaining or making the said Gas, or in using the same, or in furnishing such Light as aforesaid, as a public or private Nuisance, or from bringing any Actions against the said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works, or the Use of the said Gas, or the Method of lighting therewith, whether such Injury shall proceed from obtaining, making, or using the same, or the Method of lighting, or the Carelessness or want of Skill of the Persons employed therein.

Expences of

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all this Act to Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the applying for, obtaining, be paid. an(j passing this Act shall be paid and discharged by the said Committee of Management out of the Monies already subscribed or to be subscribed by virtue of this Act.

For compelling the Attendance of Witnesses.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace touching any Matter contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecution or on Behalf of the, Person or Persons accused, and shall refuse or neglect to appear from Time to Time at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect of appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath, or in case of a Quaker or Quakers on solemn Affirmation, (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, then and in every such Case, Proof being given to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices of the due Service of the Summons or Notice to such Person or Persons to appear and be examined, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any

Sum

4' GEORGII IV. Cap. xxsix. 8$ft

Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, provided a reasonable Sum shall have been paid or tendered to such Person for Attendance as a Witness.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Witness or Wit- Person nesses who shall be examined by or before any Justice of the Peace g,v»ng false under this Act upon Oath, (or in case of a Quaker or Quakers on beVprose-to solemn Affirmation,) shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, cuted. and shall be thereof convicted, he, she, or they so giving false Evidence shall be subject to such Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Notices Directing and Summonses by this Act directed or required to be given or the Manner served upon the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water Works, or the Manager, Engineer, or Agent, or other Officer of the said Company, as also on the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Water Works, or on their Manager, Agent, Engineer, or other Officer of the said Company, or to or upon the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the said Town of Liverpool, or to or upon the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks, such Notices or Summonses shall be left at the Office of the said Companies respectively, or at the Office of the said Surveyors of the Highways, or at the Office of the Surveyor for the Time being of the Corporation of Liverpool, or of the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks, (as the Case may require,) and the Service thereof at such Office or Offices shall be good and sufficient Service of such Notices and Summonses.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein it may How Notices be requisite for any Person or Persons, Party or Parties to serve any are to b© Notice or Notices, or any Writ or Writs, or other legal Proceedings ^eCom-upon the said Company, the Service thereof on the Clerk of the said pany. Company at the Office of the said Company, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or in case such Clerk cannot be found or known, then Service upon any Agent or other Officer employed by the said Company, or upon any of the Committee for the Time being of the said Company, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Company.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and For- Recovery feitures by this Act imposed, or by any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made and Appli-in pursuance thereof, in relation to which the Manner of convicting the Offender is not particularly mentioned or directed, shall be adjudged by and recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Liverpool or County of Lancaster, (as the Case may be,) in a summary Way, and who is and are hereby authorized and empowered to convict the Offender or Offenders upon Informations by the Oath or Affirmation of any credible Witness or Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Party offending, which Oath or Affirmation such Justice for Justices is and are hereby authorized to administer, and that in Default of Payment of such Penalties or Forfeitures the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the

Offender’s

860

Proceedings not to be quashed, & c.

Proceedings to be within Twelve Calendar Months.

Form of Conviction.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained, (the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted,) and one Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures when received shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Township in which such Offence shall be committed, for the Use and Benefit of the Poor thereof; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can conveniently be made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices for his, her, or their Appearance before such Justice or Justices on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, (such Day or Days not being more than Two Days from the taking of any such Security,) and which Security the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said Borough of Liverpool or County of Lancaster, (as the Case may be,) there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXXIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That no Order or Conviction which shall be made by any Justice or Justices by virtue of or under this Act, or any other Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or into the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act for any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless some Proceedings or Notice of some intended Proceedings shall be had or given respecting such Offence or Offences within Twelve Calendar Months next after such Offence committed.

LXXXV. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect following shall be good without alleging more than the Substance of the Offence; (videlicet,)

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxix.

BE it remembered. That on the County of Lanca$ter~\ to wit. J Day of m the Year of our Lord is [or are] convicted before me

[or, as the Case may be\ and of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Lancaster, for, Borough of Liverpool, as the Case shall by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act] of having [specifying Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the Case shall be] contrary to the said Act, and for which Offence I for, we, as the Case shall be] do adjudge the said to have forfeited the Sum of Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals, as the Case shall be] the Day and Year first above written.*

LXXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to empower the said Company to enter upon any Lands or Grounds belonging to or in the Possession of the Trustees named in the last Will and Testament of the Most Noble Francis late Duke of Bridgewater or their Successors, or any Lands or Grounds being the Estate of the Right Honourable the Earl of Derby, Bamber Gascoyne Esquire, or the Estate of John Leigh Esquire, in the said Town of Liverpool, or in the said several other Townships, without the previous Consent in Writing of the said Trustees or the said Earl of Derby, Bamber Gascoyne Esquire, and John Leigh Esquire, respectively as to their several Estates, nor into any of the Streets or Highways in the Township of Toxteth Park, nor any of the Lands or Estates of the Earl of Sefton, without the like Consent in Writing of the said Earl of Sefton for that Purpose first had and obtained; but that the same Lands and Estates respectively shall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Act not to affect Lands of the late Duke of Bridgwater, Earl of Derby, or Earl of Sefton, Bamber Gascoyne and John Leigh, Esquires.

LXXXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Reservation Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to hinder the °heR<^tso*° Common Council of the said Town of Liverpool from using and ration> &c, exercising all and every the Powers and Authorities given to them by the said recited Act for altering the Levels of all or any of the Streets and Public Highways and Passages in the said Town, and also altering the Course and Disposition of all and every the present Common Sewers within the said Town, and of making new or other Common Sewers in and through such of the Streets and Public Highways and Passages of the said Town, as they shall judge proper and expedient, with the like Power of altering their Course and Directions, nor from having, using, and exercising all and every other the Rights, Powers, and Authorities in the same Act in such Common Council vested (save and except such of the Powers and Authorities in the same Act as are repealed by this Act), as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the present Act had not passed, nor shall hinder or prevent the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, or the said Common Council, from having, using, and exercising all and every the Rights, Powers, and Authorities in them already vested by [ Local.] 10/ , any

8 62

4° GEORGII IV. Cop. xxxix.

any other Actor Acts of Parliament whatsoever, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the present Act had not been passed (save and except as far as any such Powers are expressly repealed by this Act); and that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks and their Successors, or the Company of Proprietors of the Mersey and Irxvell Navigation and their Successors, or the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool and their Successors, or the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Water Works established by an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign 39G. 3. C. 36. of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for better supplying the Tom and Port of Liverpool with Water from certain Springs in the Township of Bootle in the County Palatine of Lancaster; also by an Act made and passed in the Fiftieth Year of 50G. 3. C. 165. His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water from certain Springs in the Township of Bootle in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also by an Act made and passed in the Fifty-third Year of His late Majesty, intituled 53G. 3. C. 122. An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, or the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Exchange Buildings, established by an Act made in the Forty-second Year of 42G. 3. C. 7I. the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling certain Persons in the Town and Port of Liverpool and County Palatine of Lancaster to erect an Exchange there, for the Accommodation of themselves and the Merchants and others concerned in Trade in the said Town and Port, and for incorporating the Proprietors thereof or the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Gas Works, established by an Act made in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Ma-58G.3. c.lxvi. jesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for lighting with Gas the Port and Town of Liverpool and Township of Toxteth Park in the County o/Lancaster, or the Company of Proprietors established by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 3G.4. intituled An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Twenty-sixth

c. lxxvii. Year of His late Majesty as relates to the supplying the Town of

Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, with Water, and to grant other Powers for supplying the said Town and Port, and the , Shipping resorting thereto, with Water, or the Heirs and Assigns of the late Duke of Bridgewater, or the said Earl of Derby his Heirs and Assigns, or the Earl of Sefton his Heirs and Assigns, or the said John Leigh his Heirs and Assigns, or any other Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person and Persons, but saving and reserving to them, each and every of them, all their several respective Rights, Privileges, and Franchises, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed. V

public Act.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON; Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xl.

An Act for lighting with Gas the public Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, and the Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings, within the King’s Town and Parish of Maidstone in the County of Kent.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS the King’s Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, is large and populous, and it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof and the Public at large, if the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, and the Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings therein, were better lighted : And whereas Inflammable Air, Carburetted Hydrogen or Coal Gas, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, may be procured from Coal, and such Inflammable Air and Gas may also be obtained from Oil and other Materials: And whereas the said Inflammable Air being conveyed by means of Pipes may be safely and beneficially used for lighting the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, and the Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings within the said King’s Town and Parish of Maidstone : And whereas the several Persons hereinafter named are willing and desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, to effect the several Purposes aforesaid; but such beneficial Purposes cannot be carried fully and completely into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present [Loca/.J 10 K Parliament

866 4° GEORGII IV. 1.

Company. Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That James Hughes Anderson, Thomas Atkins, William Balston, James Bellingham, Richard Bosanquet, Samuel Bosanquet, John Brenchley, George Burr the younger, Thomas William Carter, Henry Collis, Ely Crump, Thomas Hall Durrani, Charles Franks, William Gausseu, John Cost ling, William Gostling, Robert Hazell, Walter Hills, Charles Hoar, Charles Hughes, Henry King ford, John Mercer, Samuel Morris, John Mortimer, Alexander Randall, William Scudamore, Robert Tas sell, Thomas Tassell, George Tyrrell, and John Whichcord, and their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall and they are hereby declared to be united into a Company, for lighting with Gas the said Town and Parish of Maidstone, and the Houses and other Buildings and Places within the same, according to this Act, and the Rules, Orders, and Directions hereinafter contained, and for that Purpose shall and are hereby declared to be One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name and Style of " The Maidstone Gas Light and Coke Company," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, at Law and in Equity, and shall and may prefer and prosecute any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall commit any Felony, Misdemeanor, or other Offence indictable by the Laws of this Realm; and that they the said Company shall produce Inflammable Air, Gas, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, from Coal or other Materials, and shall light the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and public Places of the said Town and Parish with Inflammable Air or Gas.

tracts.

Power to

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Purchase and for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make Con- contract and agree with any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the Purchase and Assignment or Transfer of any Contract or Contracts whatsoever, for the lighting the said Town and Parish of Maidstone, or any Part or Parts thereof, and also from Time to Time and at all Times to make and enter into any Contract or Agreement, Contracts or Agreements, with any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever, for lighting with Gas all and every or any of the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Town and Parish of Maidstone, or any Part or Parts thereof, and also all and every or any of the Houses, Shops, Inns, Taverns, Warehouses, Manufactories, or other Buildings, or Places whatsoever, within the same Town and Parish.

Remedy for Recovery of Rents.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, who shall contract or agree with the said Company to take, use, or enjoy the Benefit of the said Gas to be supplied or furnished by virtue of this Act, in his or their House or Houses, Shops, Inns, Taverns, Warehouses, Manufactories, or other Buildings or Places whatsoever, or any or either of them, shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Seven Days after personal Demand thereof made, or Demand thereof in Writing left at the usual or last Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money then due to the said Company for the same, according to the Terms and Stipulations with the said Company, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, or their Clerk or Superintendant, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, by Warrant

6 under

.tt-GKOlJGII W. 867

under the Hand and Seal or Hands atod Seals of any One or more Jasifee or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Parish of Maidstone, (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant and issue, upon Proof on Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Sum or Sums of Money hath or have been demanded as aforesaid, and remains unpaid) to levy the said Sum or Sums of Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) after the necessary Charges of making such Distress and Sale shall be first deducted, to such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the said Sum or Sums as aforesaid, or the same, with all Costs of Suit, may be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, and also that after such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or their Clerk or Superintendant, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority as aforesaid, to cause the Gas so supplied to any such House or Houses, Shops, Inns,

Taverns, Warehouses, Manufactories, or other Buildings or Places as aforesaid, to be withheld in such Manner as the said Company, or their Clerk or Superintendant, shall for that Purpose think proper : Provided always, that if at the Time such Distress being made, any Rent shall then be in Arrear, and due to the Landlord of the Premises in or upon which such Goods or Chattels shall be distrained, or any Part thereof, such Landlord shall have and be entitled to receive such and so much of the said Rent in Arrear, as any Landlord would be legally entitled to receive and have in case of an Execution issued and levied under any Judgment entered Up against the Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers of the said Premises, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Authorizing for the said Company or their Committee of Management for the Time the Company being, to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, and they are hereby em- ^0racts. powered to treat, contract, and agree with any Body or Bodies Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Tenant or Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, not being a Term or Terms of Years at Rack Rent, or with any Feoffees in Trusr, Executors, Administrators,

Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Person or Persons under any Disability of acting for himself, herself, or themselves, and also with all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to sell the sam£, or his, her, or their Right or Interest in the same, or for the absolute Purchase of any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Town and Parish, and the Freehold and Inheritance thereof for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, provided that the Quantity of Land to be purchased as aforesaid shall not exceed Three Statute Acres $ and upon Payment

868 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xL

ment of the Purchase Money for the same respectively to the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other the Person or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England in manner by this Act directed (as the Case may be), such Buildings, Works, Apparatus, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall vest absolutely in the said Company, and be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to hold such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Estate, Term, or Interest therein, without incurring or being subject or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Law or Statute whatsoever.

Purchasing v. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and the UseTofr for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate the Com- or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or

pany. for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or

Lives (not being a Term or Terms at Rack Rent), and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trust respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability of acting for himself, herself, or themselves, and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof which shall be thought necessary or convenient by the said Company to be purchased for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, (but under such Restrictions as to Quantity as aforesaid) to treat, contract, and agree with the said Company for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or any Estate or Interest therein, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all or any Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the same, to the Company, for the Purposes of this Act; and all Contracts, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever* and without Enrolment, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person or Persons conveying, but also all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Possibility, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, of their said several Cestuique Trusts, and of all Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from, or under him, her, or them, or claiming or to claim in Remainder or Reversion expectant on any such or particular Estate, or by way of Executory Devise or springing Use, and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar the Dower and Dowers of any such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, or other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, or the Issue or Issues of any Person or Persons claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law; any Law, Statute, or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for

4° GEORGII IV. 1. 869

Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees,

Trustees, and all and every other Person or Persons, is and are and shall be hereby indemnified for what he, she, or they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

v VI. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be any Money to be Application paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or of Purchase used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which Mo"e)r e*' shall belong to any Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Tenant Cee Wg for Life or in Tail, or for Years, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same Shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of tire High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Acoiintea-farie " The Maidstone Gas Light and Coke Company that to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by tire Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing and being settled therewith to the same oif the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under, and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall b£ existing unde* termined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until sucfi Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court, upon Application made thereto as aforesaid, be invested by the said Adr countant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase and Settlement therdof were then actually made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if atiy Money so Exceeding to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be pur-, 201. chased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any [Local,'] io L Body

870

Less than

201.

Respecting

Titles.

4° GEORGII IV. xl.

Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Tenant for Life or in Tail, or for Years, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Cases of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, to be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-after directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option and approved of by Three or more of the Committee of Management of the said Company (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends to arise thereon or the Interest thereof, may be applied in manner herein-before directed, so fair as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so contracted and agreed to be paid as last before mentioned shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall belong absolutely and be paid to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

i

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity? of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance^ this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons

was

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xl. 871

was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of Expencesof any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation en- Purchase titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under aHov^e/by & the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be re- Court of } quired to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in Chancer)', the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled

to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money to upon Pay-be so contracted or agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any such Lands, ment of Pur-Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the said Company to the Party or Par- chase Money, ties. Person or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or their ^vested Agents, or upon Payment thereof inio the Bank of England, for the the Company. Purpose of being disposed of in manner herein-before directed (as the Case

may be), all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Possession, Claim, and Demand in Law or Equity of the Party and Parties, and Person and Persons respectively to whom or for whose Use or Benefit the same shall be paid, into or out of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Company and their Successors for ever, for (effecting the Uses and Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and Form of Assurances of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made to the Conveyance, said Company and their Successors, shall be made in the Form or to the

Effect following; (that is to say),

T [or we, as the Case may be~\ of in Consideration of the Sum of to me [or us] paid by the Maidstone

* Gas Light and Coke Company, established under an Act of Parliament

* passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth,

* intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act] do hereby, grant and

* release [or assign, as the Case may be] to the said Company of Proprie-‘ tors and their Successors all [here describe the Premises to be conveyed~\

* and all my [or our] Estate, Right, Title, and Interest in and to the same ‘ and every Part thereof, to hold to the said Company of Proprietors and

* their Successors and Assigns for ever [or as the Case may be] during all

* the Remainder of my [or our] Term, Estate, or Interest in the said

‘ Premises. In witness whereof I [or we] have hereunto set my Hand ‘ and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] this , Day of

* in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Resale of

for the said Company to sell and dispose of, by? Indenture or Indentures not

under their Common Seal, and to grant and convey by way of absolute wan ec'

Sale in Fee Simple, for a Consideration in Money, all or any Part or Parts

872 4° GEORGII IV. 1.

of the Lands, Tenements, t5r Hereditaments which shall or may have been so purchased, and which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and upon Payment of the Money to arise by or from the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Part or Parts thereof, for the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Company to sign and give a Receipt or Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipt or Receipts shall be a sufficient Discharge or Discharges for the Money therein and thereby expressed or acknowledged to be received, and the Person or Persons bona fide paying the same shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Mis-application or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money or any Part thereof.

Bodies Politic empowered to sell.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability of acting for himself, herself, or themselves, and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which the said Company are enabled to purchase for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Company for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever of, in, and to the same, to the said Company for the Purposes of this Act; and all Contracts, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, and without Enrolment, be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their said several Cestuique Trusts, and all Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, and of all Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion expectant on any such particular Estate, and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar the Dower and Dowers of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law, any Law, Statute or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardian^, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Person and Persons, is,

a are,

873

4° GEORGII IV. 1.

are, and shall be indemnified for what he, she, or they shall lawfully do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XV. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors are enabled to Restraining purchase Three Statute Acres of Land by virtue of this Act, for the Pur- Composes thereof, and ali Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corpor- Pany, ations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Persons whomsoever, are empow- that? ered to sell such Quantity or Number of Acres to the said Company: Three Acres And whereas it is expedient to restrain the said Company from selling any ?f Land from such Lands so purchased from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or innaPac‘-Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable sons.

or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians,

Committees, or other Trustees, for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots,

Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, and again purchasing other Lands for the same or any other Body or Bodies Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees,

Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, in lieu or stead of the Lands so sold j be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to purchase from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots,

Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, more than Three Statute Acres; and in case the said Company shall afterwards sell the Whole or any Part of such Three Statute Acres so purchased, it shall not be lawful for the said Company to purchase of or for the same or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert,

Cestuique Trusts, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, to sell to the said Company any other Lands in lieu or instead of those Three Statute Acres, or any Part thereof, so sold or disposed of by the said Company.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Capital or Joint Stock of the Limiting said Company, to be used in the Purchase and Erection of the Buildings, Amount of Works, Apparatus, Lands and Premises, for the Uses and Purposes of Capital this Act, and in the carrying on the Undertaking, shall not exceed the Stoc *

Sum of Ten thousand Pounds; and that the said Company shall not be. authorized to enter upon the Execution of any of the Works, for which Powers are hereby given, until the Whole of the said Sum of Ten thou-.

sand Pounds shall have been subscribed for that Purpose j which said Sum [Local.'] io M of

874

Limiting the Amount of additional Stock.

Authorizing the Assignment of the Property of the Company.

Form of Assignment.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xh

of Ten thousand Pounds shall be divided into Two hundred Shares of Fifty Pounds each; and that the said Shares and the Profits and Advantages of the said Undertaking shall and they are, hereby declared to be Personal Estate, and not of the Nature of Real Property, and shall be transmissible as Personal Estate accordingly. t - >• 7

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in addition to the said Capital of Ten thousand Pounds, it shall be lawful for the said Company from Time to Time when they shall find it necessary to raise by way of Loan or.Security on the Property and Effects belonging to the said Company, or by raising and creating new and additional Shares in the said Concern, or by both of the said Ways and Methods, any further Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, not exceeding in the Whole or Aggregate the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds; and in case it shall at any Time or Times be deemed advisable by the said Company to raise the said further Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, by the Creation of new and additional Shares in the said Concern, then it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise- the same amongst themselves, in such Proportions as to them shall seem meet, and for such Purpose to create such Number of new and additional Shares of Fifty Pounds each as shall be deemed expedient; and every Subscriber towards raising such further Sum by Shares shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and stand interested in all the Profits, Privileges, and Advantages in the said Undertaking, and shall be liable to the like Burthens, in proportion to the Amount of his or her Subscription, and generally and extensively to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been originally Part of the said Capital Stock of Ten thousand Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any Time or Times be deemed advisable by the said Company to raise the said further Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, by way of Loan, then it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their said Committee of Management for the Time being, by and with the Advice and Direction of any General Assembly of the said Company, to borrow and take up the same at Interest for the Use of the said Company, and thereupon by Writing under their Common Seal to assign all or any Part of the Property and Effects of the said Company to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any such Money, or to his, her, or their Trustee, or Trustees, as a Security for the Principal Money to be advanced, together with lawful Interest for the same; and the Charges arid Expences of such Assignment (to be made as herein-after mentioned) shall be from Time to Time defrayed by the said Company out of the Money so borrowed; and every such Assignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

:wE> the Maidstone Gas Light and Coke Company, acting in pursu-‘ ance of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the ‘ Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of ‘ this Act] in Consideration of the Sum of advanced

‘ and lent to the said Company by of (

‘ in the County of for the Purposes of the said Act, do

‘ hereby grant and assign unto the said [or] his Trustee or

i0 ' > e Trustees,

Members of the Company not liable to Debts beyond their respective Shares.

Authorizing

Transfers.

4° GEORGII IV.

Trustees, [as the Case may he,'] his, M her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Property and Effects belonging to the said Company as the said Sum of doth

or shall bear to the whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed by virtue of the said Act j to be had and holden from the Day of the Date hereof, until the said Sum of with Interest after the Rate of per Cent, per Annum for the same, shall be

fully paid and satisfied : In witness whereof,we, the said Company, have hereunto set our Common Seal, the Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and .*

And such Security shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Payment of the Money thereby secured, and to all Profits and iidvantages thereof, according to the Form of Words of such Assignment, and the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Members of the said Company shall respectively stand responsible and answerable for all just Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the said Company, to the full Amount of their several and respective Shares in the Capital of the said Joint Stock.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money, to be borrowed as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns (as the Case may be), at any Time, by Writing under his, her, or their respective Hands and Seals, to transfer such Security or Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and every such Transfer shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. [or we, as the Case may be,] being entitled to the Sum of porm 0£

under of by virtue of an Assignment bearing Date Transfer, the Day of under the Common Seal of the Maidstone Gas Light and Coke Company, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act,] do hereby assign and transfer all my [or our] Right and Interest in and to the said Sum, and to the Property and Effects assigned to me [or us] for securing the same, unto of his,

[her, or their] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated the Day of .*

And a Copy of every such Security or Assignment, and an Extract or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Company, which Extract or Memorial shall specify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Person interested shall at all reasonable Times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and for the entering of every such Transfer the said Clerk shall be paid, by the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Two ShiL lings and Sixpence and no more; and every such Transfer, after the en ' v tering

875

876

Compelling Payment of Subscriptions.

Names of Subscribers to be registered, and Certificates of their Shares granted. j

Meeting of the Company.

4" GEORGII IV. xl.

tering thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, without any other Registry or Enrolment thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed, or shall or may subscribe for and towards the said Undertaking, or who shall at any Time hereafter have or hold, or be entitled to any Share or Shares in the same, shall and they are hereby respectively required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed and to be subscribed, or such Parts or Portions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for pursuant to the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the said Company or their Committee of Management for the Time being shall order and direct; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay such Money at such Time or Times and in such Manner as shall be so ordered and directed by the said Company or their Committee of Management as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt or otherwise in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with lawful Interest for the same from the appointed Time or Times for Payment thereof, and full Costs of Suit from such Person or Persons respectively, and in like Cases of Neglect or Refusal where Two or more Persons shall have jointly subscribed for or be jointly possessed of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking then and in like Manner to sue for and recover the same from all or any such joint Subscribers.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and they are hereby required to cause the Names and Designations of the several Persons who have subscribed for, or who shall or may at any Time hereafter subscribe for or be entitled to a Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of such Share or Shares, and also the proper Number by which such Share or Shares shall and may be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and that after such Entry a Certificate under the Common Seal of the said Company shall be delivered to the Proprietor or Proprietors upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he, she, or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking; and such Certificate shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified, but the want of such Certificate shall not hinder or prevent such Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, from selling or disposing of his said Share or Shares or Interest in the said Undertaking.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company shall be managed and conducted under and subject to the several Rules and Regulations hereinafter contained, (that is to say) the said Company shall and they are hereby required to assemble together at some Place within the said Town of Maidstone, or within One Mile thereof, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, within Twenty-one Days

next

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xl. 877

next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be; and shall in the first Place elect and appoint a Chairman to preside at such Meeting, who in case of an equal Number of Votes, (including such Chairman’s Vote), shall have the casting or decisive Vote, and shall then proceed to put in Execution this Act, and shall and may adjourn to or assemble at the same Place, or such other Place within the Town or Limit aforesaid, and at such other Times as shall be duly appointed in Manner hereinafter mentioned; and every such Assembly shall be styled a General Meeting; and Two such Meetings shall be held in every Year, on the Third Tuesday in the Month of January, and the Third Tuesday in the Month of July, which shall be styled Half-yearly General Meetings, and that at least Ten Days previous Notice shall be given of each such Half-yearly General Meetings.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That Ten or more of the said Pro- p0Wer to call prietors, holding collectively Fifty Shares at the least, may from Time to Special Meet-Time, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, call a Special General in8s-Meeting, so as the Object for which such Special General Meeting shall be called be expressed in such Notice, and so as such Notice be given Ten Days at least before the Day of Meeting; and no Business shall be transacted at any Special General Meeting besides the Business for which it shall have been called, and no other Business shall be transacted at any adjourned Special General Meeting than the Business left unfinished at the Meeting from which such Adjournment took place.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every such General Meeting Adjourn-may be adjourned from Time to Time as shall be found expedient, and ments of that at least Six Days Notice of such adjourned General Meeting shall be General given previous to the holding the same; and all Questions, Matters, and &ceetlnos* Things shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present Votes of and not declining to vote, the Number present not being less than Ten, Proprietors, according to their respective Number of Shares, or in case of Infancy or &c*

Lunacy, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees •, and every Proprietor shall be entitled to One Vote for and

in respect of every Share of which he shall be possessed, so that no Proprietor shall be entitled to vote for or in respect of more than Ten Shares; but no Person shall be entitled to vote at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, or any Adjournment thereof, in respect of any Share or Shares, unless such Person shall have fully paid and satisfied all Arrears of Money which shall or may have become due in pursuance of any Call or Calls made or to be made by the Committee of Management for or in respect of such Share or Shares, nor shall any Person vote at any of the Meetings of the said Company upon any Question, Matter, or Thing, relating to the Concerns of the said Undertaking, in which such Person or Persons shall be interested otherwise than as a Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, to or of the said Undertaking; and upon any Difference of Opinion, any Proprietor present may require the Votes at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company to be taken by Ballot, but no Ballot shall be kept open for more than One Hour; and in case the Number of Votes, including the Chairman’s Vote, shall be equal, such Chairman shall have the casting Vote, as herein-before mentioned; and if at any General or Special Meeting a sufficient Number of Proprietors to act shall not assemble and proceed to Business in One \LocalJ\ 10 N Hour

Directing the Manner of giving Notices of Meetings.

Authorizing the making Bye Laws.

Appointing

Officers.

4 GEORGII lV. Cap.-A.

Hour from the Time appointed for such Meeting, or if the Number of Ten Proprietors be not present when any Business shall be to be decided upon, the Meeting shall adjourn to the same Day in the following Week, dr to some other Day to be appointed by the Members present at such Meeting (Two Proprietors being hereby declared .sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment), or in default thereof, then by the Clerk to the said Company.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Notices to be given of any General Meetings or Adjournments respectively, and all Notices to be given to the said Company of Proprietors or any of them upon any particular Occasion, and not hereby otherwise directed, shall be given to the said Proprietors, or to such individual Proprietors respectively, by Letters from the Clerk of the said Company, sent by the Post, or in such Manner as the said Committee of Management shall otherwise direct, to each and every of the said Proprietors entitled to vote at such Meetings respectively, or to the individual Proprietors entitled to such Notice (as the Case may be), and the same Notices shall be deemed and considered sufficient and as personal Service thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, at their General Meetings or any of them, to make such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, as to them shall seem meet and proper for the good Government of the said Undertaking, and for regulating the Proceedings of the Committee of Management, and for the regulating of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants to be employed in and about the Affairs and Business of the said Company for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking in all respects whatsoever, and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to make others, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon every Person or Persons offending against such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence as to the said Company at any such General Meeting shall seem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws so made as aforesaid, being reduced into Writing* and the Common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed, shall be binding upon all Persons, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same : Provided always, that such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act, or any Act or Acts now in force, or hereafter to be made, for regulating, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town and Parish of Maidstone: Provided also, that Copies of such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws be printed and fixed or hung up and continued in the Office of the Clerk, and on some Building of the said Company; and all such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws shall be subject to Appe&l in manner by this Act directed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Company, at any General Meeting of the said Company, to nominate and elect by Ballot, and to appoint under the Common Seal of the said Company, any Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Treasurers,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xl. 879

Clerk or Clerks, or other Officer or Officers of or to the said Company, and from rl ime to Time to remove any such Treasurer or Treasurers,

Clerk or Clerks, or other Officer or Officers, and to nominate, elect, and appoint any other Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead, and also to take sufficient Security from every Person or Persons who shall be appointed Treasurer, Clerk, Receiver, or Collector for any of the Purposes of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices, if they shall think proper to require such Security.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not clerk re-

be lawful for the said Company to continue or appoint the Person or Per- strained from

sons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Exe- acdng as

cution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the ^everw

Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of

any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has

been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or

Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company for executing this Act; and if any Person shall accept both

the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or

Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such

Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner a:

of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in

the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept

any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Company other than

that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such

Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit ik

such and the same Manner as other Penalties are by this Act directed to

be levied and recovered,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers, or No Money to other Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Company, shall not

issue or pay any Sum or Sums of Money on account of the said Company Orderf^m without an Order or Orders in Writing signed by Three or more of the the Com-Committeeof Management at a Meeting of the said Committee, and that mittee of Mq? the Receipt of the Treasurer or Treasurers for all Monies payable to him naSement* or them on account of the said Company shall be sufficient Discharges for the same. 1

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That at the First General Meeting of Election of the said Company, or at some Adjournment thereof the said Company Committee shall choose and elect from and out of such of the Members of the said nient‘inas6" Company as shall at the Time of such Election respectively possess Three

Shares at the least in the said Undertaking, a Committee of Management, to consist of Seven or more Persons, for managing the Affairs of the said Company, and such Committee of Management shall continue in such Office and be respectively Members of the said Committee until the Half-yearly Meeting which shall be held in the Month of January next alter : /

the first Appointment of such Committee, or until others or another shall S

be appointed in their or any of their stead in pursuance of this Act; and at the said Half-yearly Meeting, or at some Adjournment thereof, and Also

880 4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xl.

at the Half-yearly Meeting to be held in the Month of January in every succeeding Year, or at some Adjournment thereof, a new Committee of Seven or more Members shall from Time to Time be elected and appointed out of such of the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, to be the Committee of Management for managing the Affairs of the said Company for the then next ensuing Year, or until the next yearly Appointment of a Committee of Management as aforesaid, or until others or another shall be duly elected into their or any of their Places, under the Provisions hereinafter in that Behalf contained : Provided, that nothing herein contained shall render any One of the Committee whose Office shall have expired, or be expiring, ineligible to be re-elected a Committee Man if otherwise duly qualified : Provided also, that no Person shall be qualified to be elected nor to serve or act as a Member of the said Committee, who shall hold any Office or Place of Profit under the said Company, or shall be concerned or interested in any Contract or Contracts, or who shall take or in any manner participate in the Profits of any Work to be done for the said Company, whether by Contract or otherwise, under this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Member or Members of the Committee of Management to be elected by virtue of this Act shall die or become disqualified, or shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Six Calendar Months to attend the Meetings of the said Committee, it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any General or Special Meeting to be called or held pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to elect some other Member or Members of the said Company, possessing the Qualification aforesaid, to be a Member or Members of the said Committee to fill such Vacancy or Vacancies j and every such Member or Members so elected to fill any such Vacancy or Vacancies shall continue in his Office as such Member or Members of the said Committee, so long as the Person or Persons in whose Place or Stead he or they was or were elected would have been entitled to have continued if such Death, Disqualification, Refusal, or Neglect had not happened.

For supplying Vacancies in the Committee of Management.

Qualification

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person

Man011*66 ke eligible for the said Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Undertaking, unless at the Time of his Election he shall be entitled to Three Shares in the said Undertaking.

Regulating the Meetings of the Committee ofMa-nagement.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall and they are hereby required to meet at some Place within the said Town, or within One Mile thereof, at such Times, and adjourn their Meetings from Time to Time as they shall think fit, and at each of such Meetings to appoint a Chairman; and that all Questions, Matters, and Things to be proposed, discussed, considered, or done by the said Committee of Management at any of their Meetings, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of the said Committee then present, the Number present not being less than Three, and in case of an equal Number of Votes (including such Chairman’s Vote) then the Chairman shall have a casting and decisive Vote; and if on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Committee, Three of the said Committee shall not attend, then and in every such Case the Meeting shall be.

adjourned

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xl.

adjourned by the Member or Members then present, or if none be present, then by the Clerk of the said Company, or such Person as shall attend in his Place, to such Day and Time as he or they shall think proper, within the Space of Seven Days then next; and that any Three or more of the said Committee may, at any Time when they shall think fit, call a Meeting of the Committee by Notice in Writing, signed by such Three or more Members, to be sent by the Post or otherwise to the Residence or Address of every Member of such Committee.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Manage- Powers of ment to the said Company for the Time being shall have the Custody of Committee the Common Seal of the said Company, and shall have full Power and of Manage-Authority to meet and adjourn from Time to Time, and also at any Time ment'

to call Special General Meetings of the said Company for any Purpose they may think proper, and to direct the Affairs and Business of the said Undertaking, as well in the issuing, receiving, laying out, and disposing of all Sums of Money to be issued or received, laid out, or disposed of for the Purposes of the same, as in the contracting for and purchasing Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods and Chattels for the Use of the said Undertaking, and in the making and entering into Contracts or Agreements for lighting the said Town and Parish, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the public or private Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings aforesaid, and in ordering, directing, or employing the Works and Workmen of the said Company, and in selling and disposing of all Articles produced as aforesaid, and in making, enforcing, and rescinding all Contracts and Bargains touching or in anywise concerning the same, subject to such Orders, Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations as shall at any Time or Times, and from Time to Time be duly made by the said Company in Restraint, Controul, or Regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Orders and Proceedings Proceedings of every Meeting, as well of the Company as of the Committee of Ma- to be entered nagement, shall be entered by the Clerk or Clerks in a Book or Books to ln a Book* be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered,

shall be signed by the Clerk of the said Company, or by the Chairman of each respective Meeting, and shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts, and before all Judges, Justices, and others.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever Two or more Per- The Person

sons shall be jointly possessed of or entitled to any Share or Shares in the whose Name said Undertaking, the Person whose Name shall stand first in the Books f^fvided of the said Company as a Proprietor of such Share or Shares, shall, for Shares, to be the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Pro- deemed the prietor of such Share or Shares, and all Notices required to be given to °v'7ier» and the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking to

shall and may be given to such Person whose Name shall so stand first in

the Books of the said Company, and such Notice to such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Notice to all the Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares for all the Purposes for which such Notice is intended to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any such Share or Shares, and such Owners or Proprietors shall be entitled to give their Votes in respect \Local,~\ i o 0 thereof

882

Power to vote by Proxy.

Form of Proxies.

Committee to make -Calls.

4P GEORGII IV. Cup. xl.

thereof by the Person whose Name shall stand first in the Books of the said Company as a Proprietor of such Share or Shares, and his Vote shall on all Occasions be deemed and allowed to be the Vote for or in respect of the whole Property in such Share or Shares, without Proof of the Concurrence of the other Proprietor or Proprietors of such Share or Shares.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Company’s Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such Share or Shares at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at any such General or Special Meeting as aforesaid, either in Person or by Proxy, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and duly constituted under the Hand or Hands of such Proprietor or Proprietors; in Cases of Infancy or Lunacy, under the Hand or Hands of the Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees of such Infant or Lunatic, Infants or Lunatics : Provided nevertheless, that no one Person shall deliver in Proxies for more than Three Proprietors; and the Appointment of such Proxies shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ TAB, of One of the Maidstone Gas Light and Coke

‘ Company, do hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint C, D. of

c One other of the said Company, to be my Proxy, in my

1 Name and in my Absence to vote or give my Assent to or Dissent from

* any Business, Matter, or Thing relating to the Affairs of the said Company that shall be mentioned or proposed at any General or Special

* General Meeting of the said Company, in such Manner as he the said

* C.D. shall think proper, according to his Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking or any thing relating thereto. In ‘ witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand, the Day of

* One thousand eight hundred and •*

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management for the Time being shall have full Power from Time to Time and at all Times to make such Call or Calls upon the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the Amount of the Subscriptions for their respective Shares, in such Instalments as such Committee shall from Time to Time deem requisite or necessary for the Purposes of the said Undertaking j and every Order for a Call shall be signed by the Chairman of the said Committee of Management for the Time being, and Two other of the Members of the said Committee at least, present at some Meeting of the said Committee duly held; and the several Sums of Money so to be called for shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company for the Time being, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by such Committee, at which Time and Place Fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given in such Manner as the said Committee shall direct or appoint in that Behalf; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Proportion of the Money so to be called for, by the Space of Six Weeks next after the Time appointed for Payment thereof, together with lawful Interest for the same from such appointed Time of Payment, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, at some Half-yearly General Meeting to be held after such Neglect or Refusal, to

9 declare

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xl.

declare all and every or any of the Share or Shares of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid to be forfeited, and from thenceforth the said Share or Shares so declared to be forfeited, and all the Profit and Benefit thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced and paid on account thereof, shall be vested in the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, to and for the Uses and Purposes hereinafter mentioned.

XL. And whereas in case any original Holder or Proprietor of One Ascertain-or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die or become in- inSthe ^ro" solvent or bankrupt, or shall transfer his or her Right or Interest to some ^Slwes m other Person or Persons, and no Register shall have been made of the certain Transfer thereof with the Clerk of the said Company, it may not be in Cases, the Power of any Officer acting for the said Company to ascertain who is or are the Owner or Proprietor or Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to be made on such Share or Shares, or to maintain any Action or Actions, Suit, or other Proceedings against him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, for the Recovery of the same, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, hey, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, the Interest or Dividends to which he, she, or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where the Right and Property in One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subscribers, or any other Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any Person or Persons, by any other legal Means than by a registered Transfer thereof, in the Form and Manner hereinafter specified, an Affidavit shall and may be made and sworn to by One credible Person, before a Master or Masters Extraordinary of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Person?, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns; and ?uch Affidavit shall be delivered to the Clerk of the said Company, to the Intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or List of Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Company; and in all or any of the said Cases, after Thirty Days Notice in Writing shall have been given by the said Clerk tp the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons appearing by such Affidavit to bp Owner or Owners thereof, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, to pay his, her, or their Proportion of Money sp to be called for, and if such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall not have paid his, her, or their Proportion as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company at any Half-yearly General Meeting, after the Expiration of such Notice, to declare the same Share or Shares to be forfeited, and in such case the same and all the Profits and Benefits theretofore made, and all Money theretofore advanced and paid on account thereof, shall be vested in the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, to and for the Use and Purposes herein-after mentioned.

884

No Share to be forfeited unless published in a Newspaper.

Authorizing the Sale of forfeited Shares.

Surplus Money on Sale of Shares to be paid to the Owner on Demand.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.* 1.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Share or Shares of or in the said Undertaking shall be forfeited, or vest in or accrue to the said Company, until Notice shall have been published in some One or more of the Newspapers published at Maidstone aforesaid, or in case no Newspaper shall be published there at the Time, then in the London Gazette Ten Days at least before the holding of such General Meeting, stating an Account of the Money due from such Person or Persons for such Call or Calls in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, exclusive of the Interest thereon; and no such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to or vested in the said Company, if the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares, or the Person or Persons appearing by such Affidavit or Affidavits to be the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares, shall, before the holding of such General Meeting, pay what shall be due thereon for such Call or Calls as aforesaid, and legal Interest for the same, and all the Expences attending the Application for and advertizing of the same as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall by virtue of this Act have become forfeited to and vested in the said Company as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company or their Committee for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time to sell or cause to be sold by Public Auction or Private Contract, and by Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company to assign and transfer, such and so many of the Share or Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters as the said Company or their Committee shall from Time to Time find necessary and direct to be sold, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to be and become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and such Assignments and Transfers shall be good, valid, and effectual against the Owner and Owners of every such Share or Shares so forfeited to and vested in the said Company and sold as aforesaid, and all Persons claiming under him, her, or them : Provided always, that in case the Money produced by the Sale of any such Share or Shares shall be more than sufficient to pay all such Arrears of Calls as aforesaid, and legal Interest thereon, and the Expences attending the Sale or Sales, then the Surplus of such Money shall be paid on Demand to the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged, or shall appear by such Affidavit or Affidavits to have belonged : Provided also, that the said Company or their Committee shall not by virtue of this Act sell or transfer, or direct to be sold or transferred, any more of such Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters than shall be sufficient, as near as may be, at the Time of such Call, to pay the Arrears due from such Defaulter or Defaulters for or on account of such Call or Calls, and the Interest and Expences attending the same; and from and after Payment of all and every such Call or Calls, and the Interest and Expences aforesaid, any Share or Shares vested in the said Company as aforesaid, which shall remain in their Hands unsold, shall revert to and again become the Property of the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged immediately before such Forfeiture as aforesaid, in such manner as if such Call or Calls had been duly and regularly paid.

4° GEORGII IV. 1.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Proprietor or Proprietors Executors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die before Payment shall have been made by him, her, or them, of the full Sum to be called indemnified for in respect thereof as aforesaid, without having made any sufficient Pro- in paying vision by Will or otherwise how such Share or Shares shall be disposed Calls, of, and how the future Calls in respect thereof shall be answered and paid, then and in such Case the Executors or Administrators of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant, or other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of such Proprietor or Proprietors, shall and may pay such Call or Calls in respect of such Share or Shares, and shall be hereby indemnified against such Infant and all other Persons whomsoever for paying the same.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Purchasers contained shall authorize or empower the said Company or their Committee share^fiable to sue the original Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares which to future* shall have been declared to be forfeited in Manner and according to the Calls. Tenor, true Intent and Meaning of this Act, except as to any such Share or Shares as shall have reverted back to him, her, or them as hereinbefore directed, for any Call or Calls for Money subsequent to the Declaration of such Forfeiture, but when any such forfeited Share or Shares shall be sold, the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall be liable to the future Calls, in the same Manner as if he, she, or they had been the original Proprietor or Proprietors of such Share or Shares.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for shares may the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, and their respec- be traus-tive Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to sell and transferred. fer all or any Share or Shares of which he, she, or they shall or may respectively be possessed; and every such Transfer shall be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

4 T of in Consideration of the Sum of Form of

* A paid to me by of do hereby bargain, Transfer.

sell, assign, and transfer to the said the Sum of

4 Capital Stock of and in the Undertaking called 4 * the Maidstone Gas 4 Light and Coke Company,’ being my [or Part of my] Share [or Shares],

4 Number [or Numbers] therein, to hold to the said Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the same 4 Conditions as I held the same immediately before the Execution hereof:

and I the said do hereby agree to take and accept the said Share [or Shares] subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions,

and Conditions. As Witness my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and 4 Seals] this Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and .’

And every such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Transfer to Company by an Entry of the Date and Names of the Parties and the Num- be rSis" ber of Shares transferred, for which Entry or Registering the Sum of tere *

Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more shall be paid to the Clerk or other Officer making the same, by the Person at whose Request such Registry shall be made $ and a Copy of such Register, signed by the Clerk [Local.] 10 P or

886

No Share to be sold after a Call until the Money is paid.

Accounts to be settled.

MeetingvS to declare Dividends.

Gas to be supplied cheaper than Oil.

4? GEORGII IV. Cajo.xl.

or other such Officer of the said Company, shall be sufficient Evidence of every such Sale and Transfer in all Disputes and in all Trials before any Court, and by all Judges, Justices, and others, in the United Kingdom; but that until such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Company as aforesaid, no Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall receive or be entitled to receive any Interest or Dividend for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, nor be entitled to .vote at any Meeting or Meetings in respect thereof, as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall sell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall possess in the said Undertaking, after the Day appointed for the Payment of any Call for Money, until the Money so called for in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares intended to be sold shall have been paid; and that until such Money so called for shall be paid in respect of such Share or Shares intended to be sold, such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be void, and such Share or Shares shall be liable to be forfeited under the Provisions herein-before contained, in such and the same manner as if no such Sale or Transfer had been made.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every Half-yearly General Meeting of the said Company, and any General Meeting specially called for the Purpose, shall have full Power to call for, examine, and settle the Accounts of the said Company; and that at every Half-yearly General Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, a Dividend or Dividends shall be made and declared, out of the Interest, Profits, or Advantages of the said Undertaking, unless such Meeting shall declare otherwise j and such Dividend or Dividends shall be at and after the Rate of so much per Centum for every Share upon all and every the Sum and Sums of Money paid to the said Company by the said Subscribers, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as such Meeting or Meetings shall think fit to appoint and determine: Provided that no Dividend shall be made whereby the Capital of the said Company shall in any degree be reduced or impaired, nor shall any Dividend be paid in respect of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for Payment of any Call for Money in respect thereof, until such Call shall have been paid; and that the Proprietors who shall at any such Half-yearly General Meeting make any such Dividend as last aforesaid, shall be personally responsible to the other Proprietors, and also to the Creditors of the said Company, for any Injury which may arise therefrom.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, and they are hereby directed and required, at the Request of the Commissioners, or their Committee, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town and Parish, to supply all the public Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town and Parish with Gas of such Quality as shall at all Times afford a cheaper and better Light than can be obtained from Oil; and every Contract or Agreement which shall be entered into for lighting with Gas the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, or any of them, by the said Company, shall contain a Clause providing that it shall be obligatory on the said Company that such

io v Streets,

4° GEORGII IV. xl. 887

Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places shall at all Times be better and cheaper lighted with Gas by the said Company than can be done with Oil.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Branch Service Pipes or Service Pipes which shall be put up by the said Company for lighting to be kept the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places of the said Town and Parish, charged with or any of them, under any Contract or Agreement with the said Commissioners, or their Committee, or other Persons thereunto authorized, shall be kept fully charged with Gas, and the Stop Cocks shall be so formed and turned as not to impede or prevent the said Branch or Service Pipes being completely filled with Gas during the Time the same shall be lighted.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- power to pany.and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, subject to the break up the Provisions and Restrictions herein mentioned, by their Servants, Agents, Sodaud^ Workmen, and others, from Time to Time to make and erect such Build- st^eeTsT ings, Gasometers, Receivers, Cisterns, Retorts, Engines, Machines, and other Apparatus, Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, Reservoirs, and other Works, and to sink and lay Pipes of such Construction and in such Manner as the said Company shall think necessary or proper, for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, and to break up the Soil,

Pitchings, and Pavements of all and every or any of the present or future Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places of the said Town and Parish, and to dig and sink Trenches and Drains, and lay down Mains or Pipes, and put Stop Cocks, Syphons, Plugs, or Branches from such Mains or Pipes in, under, across, and along such Streets, Lanes, Passages and Places, or any of them, and in such Manner as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, or supplying any such Lights as aforesaid, placing and laying the Mains or Pipes in the Footpaths where the Roads are gravelled, and by the Side of the Curb Stone, Watercourse, or Gutter where the Road or Street is paved, and from Time to Time to alter the Position of, and to repair, relay, and maintain such Mains or Pipes, Stop Cocks, Syphons, Plugs, or Branches, and also to fit up, furnish, and carry any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or other , necessary Apparatus, from any such Main or Pipe laid in any Street,

Lane, Passage, or Place by the said Company by virtue of this Act, into any Dwelling House or Houses* Manufactory or Manufactories, or public or private Building or Buildings, or Place or Places whatsoever, for the Purpose of lighting the same from any of such Mains or Pipes, and to fix, place, and maintain any Apparatus or Convenience necessary or requisite, or deemed advisable, for securing to any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactory or Manufactories, or public or private Building or Buildings, or Place or Places whatsoever, a proper and competent Supply of Gas, or for measuring and ascertaining the Extent of such Supply, and also to alter or amend any Works which shall or may have been fitted up and placed when the same shall be bad and imperfect, or which shall be injured or damaged, in such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactory or Manufactories, public or private Buildings or Places, and to do all such other Acts, Matters, and Things of the same or the like Nature as shall from Time to Time be necessary and convenient for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution, the said Company doing or causing the same to be done in a careful and workmanlike Manner, and doing as little

Damage

888

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xl

Damage as may be, and placing and leaving the Ground and Pavement, when broken up for any or either of the Purposes aforesaid, in as good a State and Condition as the same was or were before it was or were so broken up: And provided always, that a proper Compensation be made by the said Company for any Damage done by the said Acts respectively : And provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Company to sink or make any such Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, or Reservoirs, in any Situation or Direction where the same can, shall, or may interfere with any present or future public or private Drains, Sewer, or Well, nor to fix, carry, or lay any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks, or Branches, from any Main or Pipe thereof, to or against any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactory or Manufactories, or public or private Building or Buildings, or Place or Places as aforesaid, or to continue the same, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers, for the Time being, of every such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactory or Manufactories, public or private Buildings or Places aforesaid, nor to authorize or empower the said Company to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes in, through, over, or upon any private Lands or Grounds, or to continue the same, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers thereof, first had and obtained for that Purpose: Provided also, that the Soil, Pitchings, and Pavements of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the present or future Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners for executing the said Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, be only broken up with the Consent of the said Commissioners or their Committee: Provided also, that all Works to be done or repaired within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, shall be done under the Inspection of their Surveyor, except in Cases of Emergency, such Emergency to be certified by Three or more of the said Commissioners or their Committee: And provided also, that Private Roads and Ways shall only be broken up with the Consent of the Occupier or Occupiers, and Owner or Owners of the Soil thereof respectively.

Company to

LI. And be it further enacted, That if for the Purposes of the said alter the Si- herein-before mentioned Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His tuation of said iate Majesty, or any Act or Acts therein recited or referred to, or any qinred bj^the ot^er ^ct or Acts for regulating the Pavements of the several Streets, Commission- Lanes, Passages, and Places, through which the said Company shall or ers of Pave- may lay their Main or other Pipes, it shall at any Time or Times hereafter ments. be deemed necessary or expedient by the Commissioners of the said Pavement, or their Committee of Management, to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the Situation of any of the Mains, Pipes, Stop Cocks, Plugs, or Branches, which shall or may be laid down for the Purposes aforesaid, within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners or their Committee of Management, then the said Company of Proprietors shall, at the Expence, Costs, and Charges of the said Commissioners, or their Committee of Management as aforesaid, within Seven Days next after being required so to do by Notice in Writing to them or their Clerk given by the said Commissioners, or their said Committee of Management, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners or their Committee, raise, sink, or alter such Mains, Pipes, Stop Cocks, Plugs, or Branches, according to such Notice, in such Manner and in such Place or Places as the said Commissioners,

or

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xl. 889

or Committee, shall think right or proper, and in default thereof, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Committee, or their Surveyor or other Person or Persons acting by their Order or under their Authority (at the like Expence, Costs, and Charges of the said Commissioners or Committee, to cause such Mains, Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, or Branches, to be raised, sunk, or altered as aforesaid, so that in either of the said Cases no Damage be done thereby to the said Company, and so that they be not thereby prevented from or inconvenienced or obstructed in lighting any public or private Lamp or Lamps, unless such Damage or Obstruction, from the Circumstances of the Case, be unavoidable.

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Com- owners of pany shall at any Time hereafter break up the Soil, Pitching, or Pavement private of any private Road or Way, for the Purpose of laying any Main or Roads or Pipe along, under, or across the same, with the Consent of the Owner or Owners of the Soil, it shall be lawful, after the same shall have been situation of so laid and placed, for such Owner or Owners, at any Time or Times pipes, thereafter, if he, she, or they shall deem it necessary or expedient, and at his, her, or their own Costs and Charges, to alter and vary the Position of such Pipe or Pipes, Main or Mains, and to relay the same, so that no Damage be done thereby to the said Company, and so that they be not thereby prevented from or obstructed in lighting any public or private Lamp or Lamps, unless such Damage or Obstruction be unavoidable as aforesaid.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by the raising, Providing for sinking, or altering any of the said Mains, Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, or Branches, Damages sus-either by the said Commissioners or Committee, or any such Owner or tained by the Owners as last-mentioned, any Damage, Loss, or Injury shall be done, ^movinJ °n accrue to, or be sustained by the said Company, either by losing the Pipes. Lighting of any such public or private Lamp or Lamps as aforesaid or otherwise, then and in every such Case such Damage, Loss, or Injury shall be ascertained and fixed by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Parish of Maidstone, and shall be made good to the said Company by the said Commissioners or Committee, or Owner or Owners (as the Case may be), as soon as Circumstances will permit; and in default of Payment thereof by any such Owner or Owners for the Space of Ten Days after Demand shall be made by the said Company, or by their Clerk or Superintendant, Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible W itness before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Parish of Maidstone, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Parish of Maidstone, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, and such Costs and Charges shall be paid to the said Company as the Case may require.

LLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Company to pany shall, at their own Expence, on the Expiration or Determination of remove Pipes the Tenancy or Tenancies of any such Occupier or Occupiers so giving wheu Te; Consent as aforesaid, or within Fourteen Days after the Expiration or nant-s q^lt if [Local,"} io Q Determination require

890

For the Protection of Pipes, and to prevent the Soil near them being broken up without previous Notice,

4° GEOR.GII IV. Cap. xl.

Determination of such Tenancy or Tenancies, upon receiving Notice in Writing for that Purpose for or on behalf of the Owner or Owners, or the succeeding Occupier or Occupiers of any such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Manufactory or Manufactories, or public or private Building or Buildings as aforesaid, remove, take, and carry away, or cause to be removed, taken, or carried away, any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, from any Main or Pipe which shall have been placed or laid by the said Company to or against any such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Manufactory or Manufactories, or public or private Building or Buildings, as aforesaid, pursuant to the Power for that Purpose herein-before contained, and repair and make good such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Manufactory or Manufactories, or public or private Building or Buildings, to or against which the same shall have been so placed or laid, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding : and in default thereof it shall and may be lawful to and for such Owner or Owners, or for such new Occupier or Occupiers, as the Case mav require, or any Person or Persons acting under his, her, or their respective Authority or Authorities, to cause such Pipes, Cocks, or Branches to be removed, taken, and carried away, and the said Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Manufactory or Manufactories, or public or private Building or Buildings, to or against which the same shall have been so placed or laid, to be repaired and made good, and the reasonable Costs and Charges of doing the same shall be immediately paid by the said Company, or their Treasurer for the Time being, to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, as the Case may require; and if such reasonable Costs and Charges shall not be paid within Ten Days next after Demand thereof shall be made by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid (Proof of such Demand being ma.^e by the Oath of One credible Witness before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Parish), such reasonable Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Town and Parish (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant), and such Costs and Charges shall be paid to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, as the Case may be.

LV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as the said Company, or their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, shall dig or sink any Trench or Trenches for laying any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, or other Apparatus, or shall open any Ground for the Purposes of this Act, in, upon, or near to which any Water Pipe or Water Pipes shall have been laid or placed for the Purposes of conveying Water into, through, or about the said Kings Town and Parish of Maidstone, or any Branch of such Water Pipe or Pipes, for the Service or Supply of any Dwelling House, Manufactory, public or private Building, the said Company, their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, shall and they are hereby required to give previous Notice thereof to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Person or Persons having the Controul of such Water Pipes for the Time being, or to the Occupier of such Dwelling House, Manufactory, public or private Building, supplied by such Branch or Service Pipe as the Case may be y

aud

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xl. 891

and on every such Occasion the said Company, their Servants, Agents, and Workmen shall, under the Direction and Inspection of such Proprietors or Occupiers or Persons, or their, his, or her Surveyor or Agent, as the Case may be, protect and secure such Water Pipe or Pipes from any Injury or Damage, and shall also repair and make good any Daipiage that may be done to any such Pipe or Pipes on any such Occasion; and in default being made in any of the Matters aforesaid, the said Company shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and shall also pay to such Proprietors, Occupiers, or Persons, as the Case may be, the Costs and Expences which shall have been incurred by them, him, or her, in securing and protecting or in repairing and making good any Injury or Damage that may have been done to such Pipe or Pipes by the Means aforesaid, such Penalty, Costs, and Expences to be ascertained by any Justice of the Peace for the said King’s Town and Parish, or other Justice or Justices having Jurisdiction, and to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant.

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Company to contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower Act of the said Company, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, to break, take parliament up, or disturb the Ground, Stones, Soil, or Pavement in or of any Road or relating to Highway within the Limits of this Act, without the Consent in Writing Roads, of the Commissioners, Treasurers, or other Persons in whom the Superintendence, Property, or Controul of any such Road or Highway is by Authority of Parliament or otherwise howsoever vested, under the Hand or Hands of their proper Officer or Officers, and that all and every the Works, Matters, and Things, at any Time hereafter to be done or performed by the said Company, or their Servants, Workmen, or others, in, upon, throughout, or over any such Road or Highway, shall be subject to the Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, and Notices, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Rules, Directions, Forfeitures, Claims,

Matters, and Things, contained in any General Act or Acts of Parliament, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament for the making, amending, repairing, or improving any such Road or Highway, or otherwise relating thereto, as fully and effectually as if the same had been amply enacted herein.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Sur- Non-attend-veyor for the Time being of the said Commissioners or Committee, shall JgCpr°JfSur" neglect or refuse to attend and inspect any of the Works hereby directed ^ommis-to be done under his Inspection, and which shall have been consented to sioners not by the said Commissioners or Committee, after being thereunto required, to retard by Notice in Wridng from the said Company or their Clerk, given to or the Works-left at the Place of Abode of the said Surveyor, the said Company shall and may and are hereby fully authorized to do and perform such Works without the Inspection of such Surveyor; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Pavements pany, in laying or repairing any such Mains, Pipes, Plugs, Cocks, Stop- to b m*de cocks, Syphons, Branches, or other Apparatus, shall do as little Damage as p°pesIreere

may laid.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.*1.

may be to the Pavements, and shall forthwith fill in the Trenches and make good the Pavements and Roads, and carry away the Rubbish, and repair and make good any Damage occasioned by such Works from any Drains, Sewers, or Cuts, which may be made for carrying off the Washings or Waste Liquids without Delay, and shall in the meantime fence, guar1, and light the Place or Places with such Number of Lamps as shall be sufficient for that Purpose, where any Ground shall be opened, in such maimer so as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages; the said several and respective Works and Repairs to be done under the Superintendence, and to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor for the Time being of the said Commissioners or Committee, under the said Ai t of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, in all Cases where such Mains, Pipes, Plugs, Cocks, Syphons, Branches, or other Apparatus, shall be laid or repaired in or under any of the public Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places* now or hereafter to be within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners or Committee, which may be so broken up, and under the Superintendence and to the Satisfaction of the Owner or Owners of the Soil for the Time being in all other Places: Provided always, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the said Company, or in any of their Agents or Servants, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, in filling in any such Ground, removing Rubbish, or making good any such Pavements as aforesaid, or in fencing, guarding, or lighting the Place or Places where any such Ground shall be opened as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Commit er, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners or Committee, as to any Street, Lane, Passage, or Place within their Jurisdiction as aforesaid, so broken up, and to and for the Owner or Owners of the Soil for the Time being in all other Places, to fill in such Ground, and remove such Rubbish, and repair and make good such Pavements so broken up, and to fence, guard, and light such Place or Places so opened as aforesaid, and the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof shall be paid by the said Company or their Treasurer to the said Commissioners or Committee, or Surveyor or Surveyors, or Owner or Owners, as the Case may require; and in default of Payment thereof for Ten Days next after Demand shall be made for the same. Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witness before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Town and Parish of Maidstone aforesaid, all such reasonable Costs and Charges, together with any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds by way of Penalty, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices of the Pe.ice for the said Town and Parish of Maidstone (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant), and such Costs, Charges, and Penalty shall be paid to the said Commissioners or Committee, or their Treasurer or Surveyor, or to the said Owner or Owners, as the Case may be.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall cause, permit, or suffer any Tank to be emptied at any Time between the Hours of Five of the Clock in the Morning and Eleven of the Clock at Night,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xl. 893

or shall cause or permit or suffer the Soil or Contents thereof to be laid in any of the Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places in the said Town and Parish of Maidstone, or adjacent thereto, the same shall be deemed an Offence, and the said Company shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and levied before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Parish of Maidstone, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Company, in like manner as other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein directed to be recovered.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Power of Act contained shall have the Effect or be construed to deprive the said Commissioners or Committee for the Time being of the said Pavement, pavements or any other Person or Persons, of any Right, Power, or Authority, they not to be or any of them now possess, or to interfere with any Right, Power, or affected. Authority, which they or any of them shall or may hereafter acquire, to light any of the public Streets, Lanes, Passages, or other Places, Houses, Manufactories or Buildings in the said Town and Parish or adjacent thereto as aforesaid, with Gas, or in any other manner, or to defeat, abridge, alter, obstruct, or in any manner interfere with the Rights,

Powers, or Authorities of the Commissioners or Committee for the Time being, vested in them or either of them, by the said recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or any Act or Acts therein recited or mentioned, or to remove any of the Disabilities or Restrictions, or to take away any of the Penalties or Forfeitures contained therein, or in any or either of the said Acts, or imposed thereby; but that the said Acts, and every of them, and all and every the Matters, Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Disabilities, Restrictions, Provisions, Articles, Rules,

Penalties, Forfeitures, and Clauses therein respectively contained, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, in such and the like manner as if this Act had not been passed.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Pipes of Persons shall, without the Consent of the said Company under their Com- Commuai-mon Seal first had and obtained, lay down or cause to be laid down any Pipe or Tube whatever, to communicate with any Pipe belonging to the without said Company, nor supply any Inhabitant or other Person or Persons Consent of with Gas from any such Pipe, on pain of forfeiting and paying to the said the Con*-Company the Sum of Ten Shillings a Day, for every Day such Pipe or pany*

Tube shall remain so laid down, or such Supply be furnished, every such Penalty of Ten Shillings a Day to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Parish of Maidstone (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to grant), and the Surplus of Distress, after such Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said Town of Maidstone, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Penalty or For-[Local.~\ io R feiture,

Pow&t'fr

convey

Washita#.

Wasjiings not to be conveyed into Rivers, Streams, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xl.

feitiire; and all Reasonable Charges attending the same, to be ascertained and fixed by* such Justice or Justices in the Event of Commitment, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and it shall be lawful for the said Company;, if they shall so think fit, also to take and shut off the Gas from the House and Premises of the Person or Persons so offending, notwithstanding aliy Contract Or Contracts, Agreement or Agreements, which may have been previously entered into with him, her, or them by the said Company.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said t Company, or their Committee of Management, to make Sewers or Cuts of such Breadth, Depth, and Dimensions, and in such manner as they shall think expedient, under the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places Within the said Town and Parish of Maidstone, and Places adjacent, for the Purpose of carrying off the Washings or other waste Liquids which may arise itt> the Prosecution of their said Manufactory, so as the said Company do as little Damage as may be in making the said Sewers or Cuts, and do immediately repair, at their own Expence, all such Damage i Provided nevertheless, that no such Washings, or other waste Liquids,or any other Matter or Thing made or arising in the Manufacture of such Gas, shall be Conducted or conveyed or emptied into any River, Brook, of running Stream; and that no such Sewer or Cut shall be made in any Situation where the same can, shall, or may in any manner interfere with, prejudice, or affect any of the present or future public or private Wells, Sowers,* or Drains within the said Town and Parish or Places adjacent* nof shall any such Sewer or Cut be made, without the Consent of the said CornmissiOfters, or their Committee for the Time being, under the said Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or of the Owner Or Owners and Occupier or Occupiers of any private Lands or Grounds in, through, under, or across which the said Sewer or Cut is intended to or shall be made.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall at any Time empty, drain, convey, run, or flow, or cause of suffer to be emptied, drained, conveyed, run, or flowed, any Washings or other waste Liquids, Substances, or Things whatsoever, which shall arise or be produced in the Prosecution of the Works of the said Company, or in the Process of obtaining Gas, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, Springhead, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or do or cause or suffer to be done any Annoyance, Act, or Thing to the Water contained in any such River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, Springhead, or Well, Drain, Sewer, or Ditch, whereby the said Water or any Part thereof shall or may be soiled, fouled, or corrupted, then and in each and feYefy stifh Case the said Company shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty^ Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action bf Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein hb Essoign, Protection*, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance Shall be allowed, and the whole of such Penalty shall be paid to the Person Or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same: Provided always.

4' GEOII(ill IV. xl,

always* that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable, unless the same be sued for within Twelve Months from the Time that such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury,. Damage, Act, or Thing shall have ceased and determined : Provided also, that over, above, and besides the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, and whether such Penalty shall have been sued for and recovered or not, in case any of the said Washings or other waste Liquids, or- any other noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things shall be emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, Springhead, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or any such Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be done or suffered to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the said Company, and the said Company shall not, within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice shall have been given to them as aforesaid, stop, hinder, or prevent all and every such Washings, waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things from continuing to be emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or from running or flowing in manner aforesaid, and all such other Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage,

• Act or Thing from being done as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Company shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each and every Day such Washings, waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things shall be permitted or suffered to be so emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Act, or Thing to be so done or caused to be done as aforesaid $ and such last-mentioned Penalty shall and may be levied and recovered in such and the like Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is in and by this Act directed to be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Informer, or to the Person or Persons who in the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Conviction shall take place, shall have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage by any Act so done, committed, permitted, or suffered.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be Stopping the found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or set up Escape of by the said Company in pursuance of this Act, the said Company Gas? shall, at their own Expence, immediately after receiving Notice by Parol or in Writing to be left or given at their Office or usual Place of transacting their Business, of any such Escape of Gas, from any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Town or Parish, or other Person or Persons, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping j and in ease the said Company shall not, within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice by Parol or in Writing as aforesaid of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent such Gas from escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of Complaint, then and in every such Case the said Company shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the 1’ime of giving any such Notice, during which the Gas shall be so suffered to escape as aforesaid; which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recoverable in a summary Way, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Parish, and be recovered with all reasonable Costs

and

896

Penalty for

damaging

Works.

Providing for accidental Damages to Lamps, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. x 1.

and Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, by the Warrant of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Town and Parish as aforesaid, to be granted in like manner and subject to the like Provisions as are herein directed touching other Penalties to be recovered from the said Company.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully, wantonly, or maliciously remove, take away, break, destroy, damage, or injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Pedestal, Post, Plug, Lamp, or other Apparatus, Matter, or Thing belonging to the said Company, or shall wilfully, wantonly, or maliciously extinguish or put out any of the public Lamps or Lights, or wilfully, wantonly, or maliciously waste any of the Gas supplied by the said Company, every Person or Persons so offending in any One or more of the respective Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Parish, shall, for each separate and distinct Act or Offence before enumerated, forfeit and pay to the aforesaid Company any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Amount of the Damage done, as the same shall be ascertained by such Justice or Justices, such Penalty and Damage, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges, to be levied by Warrant of such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; or if it shall appear to the said Justice or Justices, either by Confession or otherwise, that the Offender or Offenders hath or have not any Goods or Chattels sufficient to levy such Forfeiture, Damage, and Costs aforesaid, then such Offender or Offenders shall or may be forthwith committed to the House of Correction or Common Gaol of the said Town, there to remain for any Time such Justice or Justices shall think proper, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture, Damages, and Costs so directed to be levied shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall carelessly or accidentally break, destroy, throw down, damage, or injure any Lamp or Lamps, hung out, set up, or belonging to the said Company, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their private Expence, or any Pipe, Pedestal, Post, Plug, or other Apparatus, Matter, or Thing belonging thereto, or to the said Company, or waste any of the Gas supplied by the said Company, and shall not, upon Demand by the said Company or their Clerk or Superintendant, or other Person or Persons authorized by them, make Satisfaction for the Damage done, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Parish, and he or they is and are hereby required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to summon before him or them the Party or Parties against whom such Complaint shall be preferred, and upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or on Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained against, to award such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction to the said Company, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid (as the Case may require), for such Damage, as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay such Sum or Sums so awarded, within Ten Days after Demand, it shall and may be lawful to

and

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. xh 897

and for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required, to cause the same to be raised and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so committing such Damage, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

JLXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Compelling J be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any the AttS^"■ injustice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Parish, touching 1 *

any Matter contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on Behalf of the Prosecution or on Behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and shall refuse or neglect to appear from Time to Time at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer), and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices in like Manner, as other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein directed to be recovered and levied; provided a reasonable Sum shall have been paid or tendered to such Person or Persons for his, her, or their Costs and Charges in attending as such Witness or Witnesses.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where it shall be Directing necessary for any Person or Persons, or Party or Parties, to give or serve what shall any Notice or Notices, or any Writ or Writs, or other legal Proceedings be deemed upon the said Company, the Service thereof upon any Member of their Noticem^ Committee of Management for the Time being, or left at his usual Place the Com-of Abode, or upon the Clerk of the said Company, or at the Office of pany. such Clerk, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or at the Office of the said Company, or in case the same respectively shall not be found or known, then Service upon any Agent or other Officer employed by the said Company, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Company.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, Body Proceedings or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall be subject or liable to the Payment to commence of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures to be inflicted by virtue of this Act c^e^lar* for any Offence or Offences against this Act, and which are directed by Months^ this Act to be recovered and levied before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Parish, unless Information respecting such Offence or Offences shall have been lodged before One of the Justices of the said Town and Parish within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence or Offences shall have been committed.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Recovery and for Offences in this Act mentioned, in relation to which the Manner of Application convicting the Offender or Offenders, or of applying the same Penalties of Penalties.

[Local.'] io S or

898 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. x\.

ok Forfeitures is not particularly mentioned or directed, shall and may b?adjudged by and be recovered before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed or the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, in a summary Way, and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and empowered to convict any Offender or Offenders upon Information by the Oath of any Person or Persons, or on the Confession of the Party offending, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized to administer), and in Default of Payment of such Penalties or Forfeitures the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; and the whole of such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after deducting the reasonable Costs and Charges of the Distresses and Sales shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Maidstone aforesaid, to be by them applied towards the Relief of the Poor of the same Parish; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or in case the Offender or Offenders shall declare before such Justice or Justices that he, she, or they hath or have not Goods or Chattels whereon to levy such Penalties and Forfeitures, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction of the said Town for any Time he shall think proper, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures and Costs shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Form of Conviction.

Appeal.

LXXI. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect following shall be good, without alledging more than the Substance of the Offence, viz.

The King’s Town and Parish } it remembered, That on the Day

of Maidstone, in the County > Jfj c • r T 1 J

of Kent, to wit. J or in the Year or our Lord One thousand eight hundred and is [or are] convicted before me

[or us, as the Case shall be\ of His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace for the said Town and Parish, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act], of having [specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be\ contrary to the said Act, and for which Offence I [or we, as the Case shall be~\ do adjudge the said to have forfeited the Sum of and for Costs.

Given under my Hand and Seal, [or our, as the Case shall be, Hands and Seals], the Day and Year first above written.*

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rule, Order, or Bye Law of the said Company, or by any thing done in pursuance thereof, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, every such Body or Bodies Politic ot Corporate, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, shall and may, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen,

9 appeal

■'W7-.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xl 899

appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place where the Cause of Appall shall have arisen, first giving at least Ten Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Nature or Matter thei eof, to the said Company, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or other Person or Persons appealed against, (as the Case may be), and forthwith after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said Town and Parish, with Two sufficient Sureties, to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices,upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and enrered into, shall and may, in a summary Way, hear and determine such Complaint, at such General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place aforesaid, and if they see Cause may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of any such Rule, Bye Law, Order, or Determination, and shall and may also award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, or Costs to either of the Parties, as they shall judge reasonable and proper, and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties to all In-' tents and Purposes whatsoever,

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of Expences attending the applying for, obtaining, and passing of this Act, the Act how ..shall be paid and discharged out of the Monies already or hereafter to be to be Paid* subscribed by virtue of this Act.

Nothing in the Act to prevent the Company from being indicted for a Nuisance.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding by Indictment, or otherwise, against the said Company, or against any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, in respect of any Works of the said Company, or the Method which shall be employed by them in the furnishing such Light as aforesaid, as a public or private Nuisance, or from bringing any Action or Actions against the said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works, or Method of Lighting, or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of the Person employed therein.

LXXV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Saving of Heirs and Successors, and to the Commissioners for paving, cleansing. Rights, lighting, and watching the said Town and Parish, and to the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the said Town and Parish, and their Successors respectively, their respective Rights, Privileges, and Franchises, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed.

[Public Act.]

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by ail Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Sti Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 182*

SUi

1 a M. 1938

