Cap. xli.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Alfreton in the County of Derby to the Town of Derby.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled 42G. 3. C. 83. An Act for widening, altering, improving, and repairing the Road leading from Alfreton in the County of Derby to the town of Derby:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His pre- 3G.4. c. 126. sent Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : And whereas the Trustees for executing the said first-recited Act have made great Progress in repairing the Road thereby directed to be repaired, for which Purpose they have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said first-recited Act be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the said Tolls increased or altered; and it would tend to the more easy and effectual Repair of the said Road, if the said first-recited Act was repealed, and further and other Powers granted in lieu thereof; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that [Local.'] 10 U it

906

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xli.

it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Act repealed, the Authority of the same, That the said recited a&st, passed in the Forty-and tins Act second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, force'J>Ut m an^ t*le san,e ‘s hereby declared to be repealed, and instead thereof

this Act shall be put into Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of mote effectually repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Turnpike Road herein-after described.

Powers of 3G.4. extended te this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

New Term

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and Tolls

f-nKiT°lls hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby made subject and liable to

Debtsl&c. t^le Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed and are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said first-recited Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls granted by this Act; and all and every Person and Persons who may owe or be subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees of the said Road, or to any other Person or Persons for the Benefit of the said Trust, shall be liable to the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants and Agreements, Contracts and Securities, entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees of the said Road, or any of them, according to the Provisions and Directions of the said first-recited Act, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed, on account and for the Benefit of the Trust created by this Act; and all Contracts or Agreements duly made or entered into by the Trustees of the said Road, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees for executing this Act, according to the Terms or Stipulations thereof respectively, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said first-recited Act.

Trustees.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Derby, together with the Right Honourable Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, the Right Honourable Viscount Petersham, the Honourable Nathaniel Curzon, the Honourable Admiral Henry Curzon, the Honourable Augustus Curzon, the Honourable Edward Curzon, the Honourable and Reverend Frederick Curzon, the Honourable Alfred Curzon, the Honourable Francis Curzon, Sir George Crewe Baronet, Sir Robert Wilmot of Cbaddesden Baronet, Sir 8 Robert

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xli.

Robert Wilmot of Osmaston Baronet, Sir John Eardley Eardley Wilmot Baronet, Sir Charles Colville Knight, Richard Arkwright, Richard Arkwright the younger, Robert Arkwright, Peter Arkwright, Charles Arkwright, William Antill, Thomas All sop, John Alsop the younger, Luke Alsop, John Balguy, John Balguy the younger, Bryan Thomas Balguy, Joseph Bainbrigge, John Beresford, Thomas Bilbie, Thomas Bent M. D., John Bingham, Thomas Bingham, William Barber Clerk, John Byng, Robert Bromley, Richard Brown, George Bans all, Thomas Barber, Thomas Barber the younger, John Barber, Henry Browne, George Blore, Gabriel Brittain, William Burton, John Bowler, ^d) berro&u^.7a!rhave taken Henry Frederick Compton Cavendish, person shall for every such

Coke, Parker Coke, £ Wj Coke, ,unds to any person or Persons

younger, William Coke, John Coke the younger, pj- C^zon,

John Carr Clerk, Thomas Carr Clerk, Charles Clarke, John Charge John Chatterton, Edward Soresby Cox, John Cox, Thomas Cox, Roger Cox, James Cade, Joseph Cade, Charles Callow, Charles James Callow, John Wilkinson Clay, William Clay, John Clay, John Clay the younger, itetf-jamin Chambers, John Chambers, Benjamin Chambers the younger, William Chambers, Samuel Crompton, Crompton, John Bell Crompton, Gilbert

Crompton, George Coates, Joseph Cooper, Thomas Cooper, John Dewe Clerk, Drewry, Edmund Evans, Walter Evans, William Evans, Samuel Evans, William Eaton, Richard Eaton, Charles Eaton, Richard Dodsley Flaunted Clerk, Richard Forester Forester M. D., Francis Fox M. D., Edward Fox, Henry Fox, Samuel Fox, Alexander Foxcroft, John Fletcher, John Fletcher the younger, John Fletcher (of Ripley'), William Henry Fletcher, Samuel Fletcher, George Fritch, George Dineley Goodere Clerk, George Goodere, Francis Green Goodwin, Francis Goodwin, George Goodwin, John Goodall, Matthew Gamble, John Gamble the younger, Winfield Halton, Imanuel Halton Clerk, Thomas Hallows, Robert Holden, William Drury Holden, Robert Holden the younger, Alexander Atkinson Holden, Charles Holden, Millington Warren Holden, Edward Anthony Holden, James Richard Holden, Francis Hurt, Francis Hurt the younger, Charles Hurt, Charles Hurt the younger, Richard Hurt, Edward Hurt, John Hurt Clerk, William Hunter Hunter, CharlesVicars Hunter, Henry Frotheringham Hunter, Charles William Hunter, Charles Stead Hope Clerk, Charles Hope Clerk, Robert Hope, John Cressy Hall, James Hall, Gervase Cressy Hall, Frederick James Hall, James Turbutt Hall, Francis Holmes, Christopher Holmes, John Holmes, Henry Holmes, Michael Holmes, William Holmes, Charles Holmes, John Hill, Thomas Haden, Henry Philip Hadley, John Horrocks, John Hoare, William Hopkinson, William Hazlewood, John Haslam, William Haslam, William Brooks Johnson M. D., John Jessop, Josias Jessop, William Jessop, Henry Jessop, George Jessop, Edward Jessop M. D., Francis Jessopp, William Kirkland, William Drury Lowe, William Jeffery Lockett, William Lockett, Richard Leaper, Thomas Lowe, Henry Lowe, Charles Lowe, William Lister, Francis Mundy, Edward Miller Mundy, Edward Miller Mundy the younger, George Mundy, William Mundy, Charles Godfrey Mundy. Henry Case Morewood Clerk, John Morewood Clerk, Thomas Mellor, William Morley, John Morley, William Eaton Mousley, William Milnes, John Matchitt, Henry Mozley, Robert Leaper Newton, William Leaper Newton, James Oakes, James Oakes the younger, Francis Outram, James Outram, Joseph Outram, John Outram, William Osborne, Jacob Osborne, Henry Orton, Thomas Pares, Henry Peach Clerk, William Palmer, Charles Palmer Clerk, Sinckler Porter, Henry Pilkington, Thomas Pearson, Henry

Pearson,

908

Power to appoint additional Trustees.

Trustees to be sworn.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xli.

Pearson, John Pearson, John Radford, John Radford the .younger, Richardson Radford, Edward Radford, Thomas Radford, Charles Radford, Samuel Rowland, Samuel Roberts, Benjamin Rickards, Alexander Radford, James Royston, John Rooth, Edward Sacheverell Sitwell, Edward Degge Sitwell, William Sitwell Clerk, Richard Sitwell, Robert Sitwell, Charles Sitwell, John Fleming St. John Clerk, William Strutt, George Benson Strutt, Joseph Strutt, Jedidiab Strutt, Anthony Strutt, John Strutt, Edward Strutt, Benjamin Smith, William Scott Smith, James Blythe Simpson, Joseph Sandars, Francis Sandars, John Sandars, John Robert Sharpe, Ostocw.ew-*. />• .flmPd ' ' Hugh Scott, Benjamin Strelley, John Harriet

ford, William Smith, Thomas Smith, Anthony . further enact Siddall, William Turbutt, Richard Burrow

/ ?f Reign oyrchinshaw Thomas, Samuel Tudor, Thomas

Tempest, John Tempest, William Tempest, John Topham, William Topham, Henry Wilmot, Richard Wilmot, John Wright, John Wright the younger, Francis Wright, Marcus Wright, Thomas Wright, John Wood Clerk, ^0-bert Wood, Hugh Wood, John Wood the younger, John Slater Wilkinson, Joseph Wilson, William Wilson, Joseph Wilson of Derby, George Wilson, William Waller, James Wheeler, William White, William M White, Gregory Winrow, Robert Whysall, Robert Woodward, John Woolley, Jonathan Woolley, James Woolley, Samuel Woolley, John Woolley the younger, William Henry Wayne, William Henry Wayne the younger, George Waters, Samuel Wragg, and their Successors, to be elected in the Manner directed by the said last recited Act, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the present Turnpike Road leading from Alfreton in the County of Derby to the Town of Derby, and for otherwise carrying into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which Meeting, and of the Purpose thereof, Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in the Manner directed by the said last recited Act respecting the Appointment of Trustees on Vacancies) to elect, nominate, and appoint any Number of fit Persons not exceeding Five to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed, and such Trustees so elected and appointed shall be, and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said last recited Act and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed by this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed and prescribed, and unless, being so qualified, he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee, (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, and the Oath or Affirmation hereinafter mentioned) take and subscribe, before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath or Affirmation following j (that is to say),

909

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xli.

* t A.B. do swear, [or being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm], That I 6 will truly and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, e execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed

* in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of ‘ the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here

* set forth the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled [here set forth the Title of the general Turnpike Act], So help me GOD.*

[Or being a Quaker omit the Words, ‘ So help me GOD].*

And if any Person shall act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceedings touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath or Affirmation by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath or Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at Meetings of some Place in the Town of Derby, within Fourteen Days after the passing Trustees, of this Act, and proceed to put the said last recited Act and this Act into Execution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they Appointing are hereby empowered, by Writing under their respective Hands, to appoint such Collector or Collectors of the Tolls on the said Road, and Clerk lane9’ L‘ or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as the said Trustees shall think necessary, and such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them from Time to Time to remove, and on Removal, Death, or Resignation of any such Treasurers, Clerks, Surveyors, Collectors, or other Officers, to appoint others in their Stead; and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any of the Monies arising by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, to allow and pay to the several Treasurers, Clerks, Surveyors, Collectors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting them, or any of them, in or about the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Services as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Clerk, Sur- Former Of-veyor, and all other Officers (except the Treasurer), who have been ficers to con-appointed under and employed in the Execution of the said former Act tmue* hereby repealed, shall respectively continue to exercise their Offices under this Act,’ until they shall respectively die, resign, or be displaced, or be removed by the said Trustees, or be incapable of executing them; and [Local.] \oX shall

910

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.*li.

shall be subject to the like Rules and Regulations, and Pains and Penalties in all respects whatsoever, as if they had been appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

Treasurer X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be and Clerk lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons mum PertllC w^° ^as *5een or may aPP°‘ntecl their Clerk or Clerks in the Execu-

son. tion of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the

Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Books, &c.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or have been relative to employed, or who have received any Tolls or other Money on account *r"^,cts of the said Road, or who have or shall have in their Custody or Posses-veredtothe sion any Money, Books, Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to Trustees the Road by this Act directed to be improved and repaired, shall account under this for and pay and deliver over the same and every Part thereof to the Act' Trustees in and by this Act named and appointed, in like Manner and

under the like Penalties as the several Collectors and other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act are required to pay or account for the same.

Books used

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books under former containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing Eviden t'C t*lt sa'^ rec‘te<l Acts, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or " ence' entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Act had net been repealed.

Power to

XIII. And for the Purpose of collecting and receiving the Tolls hereby continue and granted and made payable, be it enacted, That the said Trustees may, erect Toll ancj they are hereby authorized to continue or remove all or any HousesT&i' t*le Toll Gates or Toll Houses which have been erected in, upon, or across any Part of the said Road, by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed, and shall and may erect, or cause to be erected, such and so many other

Toll

911

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xli.

Toll Gates and Toll Houses, Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines,

In, upon, or across any Part of the said Road; and also in, upon, and across such Parts and in such Places of the said Road by this Act directed to be widened, improved, or kept in Repair; and also such and so many Toll Gate or Toll Gates on the Sides of the said Road, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and expedient; and also shall or may erect or provide a Toll House with suitable Buildings, a Garden and other Conveniences, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre of Land, at or near each of the said Toll Gates: Provided always, that Not to pro-nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to prevent the vent Trus-Trustees of a certain Turnpike Road, called the Derby and Mansfield fold itoad08* Turnpike Road, at any Time hereafter, from erecting, or causing to be from erecting erected, a Weighing Engine on the Side of the said Road hereby directed a Weighing to be repaired, at or near Little Chester, for the Purpose only of weighing Machine at and to weigh thereat all such Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages liable e es~ to be weighed by Law, which shall, with the Loading thereof, either previously thereto on the same Day have travelled upon, or shall afterwards on the same Day travel upon such Part of the said Derby and Mansfield Turnpike Road, as lies North-eastwardly of the Little Chester Toll Gate, belonging to the said last-mentioned Road, and to collect Tolls at the same Weighing Engine for Overweight, in respect of such Waggons,

Carts, and other Carriages as aforesaid, for the Use of the Trustees of the said last-mentioned Road : Provided always, that no Toll Gate whatever shall be erected upon such Part of the said Road as lies between the Town of Derby and Little Chester Toll Gate.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to sell Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses, the present erected by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed, on the said Road to be lo11 Houw3, improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging,

(except such Part thereof as shall be within Fifteen Feet of the Centre of the Road), when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances (except as aforesaid), to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given, where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be* sold and disposed of.

912

Power to take Tolls.

Tolls.

Toll to be paid before Cattle pass the Gates.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xli.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by virtue of this Act Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take the several Tolls following, at the Toll Gates or Toll Bars, or Toll Gate or Toll Bar, or Side Bars or Side Gates, already erected by virtue of the said first recited Act, upon the said Road to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and which by virtue of this Act shall be continued or be erected thereupon, or in, upon, or across, or on the Side of any Street, Road, or Way leading into or out of any Part of the said Road; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Sociable, Chariot, Curricle, Calash, Hearse, Chaise, Phaeton, Whiskey, or Chair, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Threepence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, Carr, Caravan, or other such like Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, Caravan, or other such like Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth than Six Inches, and not less than Four Inches and a Half, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, Caravan, or other such like Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth than Four Inches and a Half, and not less than Three Inches, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, Caravan, or other such like Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Three Inches, the Sum of Sixpence.

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Score of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Score of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number. And the said respective Tolls shall (subject to the Restrictions and Exemptions in the said last recited Act and this Act contained) be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, or other Beast, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, be permitted to pass through any Toll Gate erected or to be erected or continued upon the said Road, by virtue of this Act, or in, upon, or across any Lane, Street, or Way leading into the same.

Winter Toll.

XVI. And whereas it is apprehended that the above Tolls will not be sufficient for the Purposes of this Act; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and he and they are hereby authorized and required, between the Thirty-fiftt Day of October and the First Day of May in every Year, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, over and above the respective Tolls herein-before specified, One further Half Toll, in 7 addition

913

4 GEORGII IV. Cap. xXx.

addition to such respective Tolls, from all Persons who shall pass with any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage through any Turnpike already erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be subject to pay the Tolls hereby or by the said last recited Act granted and made payable, at more than Three Toll Gates or Turnpikes on the same Day for or in respect of the same Horse or other Beasts, Cattle, or Carriage, for passing along the said Road (except as herein-after mentioned).

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid One whole Toll for passing of any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage through any Toll Gate or Turnpike erected by virtue of the said first recited Act or this Act, shall be subject to any Toll for returning through such Toll Gate or Turnpike Once on the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the same Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, but shall so return Toll-free (except as herein-after mentioned).

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate with fresh Passengers or Loading, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid; and that the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing Post Chaises and other Carriages travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Road on the same Day, with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act for any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle or Carrriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Dung, Soil, Compost, or Manure for improving Lands, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, unless laden also with some other Thing not exempted from Toll by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any Hay, Straw, Fodder for Cattle, and Corn in tire Straw, which has grown or arisen on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such Hay, Straw, Fodder or Corn in the Straw, Potatoes, or other agricultural Produce, and which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor is going to be sold' or disposed of, or for any Horses or other Beasts employed in Husbandry, going to or returning from Plough or Harrow, or to or from Pasture or Watering Place, such Horses or other Beasts not going or returning on those Occasions more than Two Miles on the said Road; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemption, not being legally entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not

I"Local,"} 10 T exceeding

Road Tolls Dot to be paid at more than Three Gates.

Tolls to be taken but once for passing and repassing.

Stage

Coaches, See. to pay each Time of passing.

Exemptions for agricul-tural Produce.

914

Lime for Manure exempted from Toll.

Abatement of Tolls for cylindrical Wheels.

Wheels deviating from a flat Surface, &c. to be liable to the same Toll as Wheels of less than Three Inches in Breadth. Trustees restrained from pulling down Dwelling Houses, without Consent of the Owners,

Application of the Money.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xIi.

exceeding Five Pounds, and the Proof of Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Road, for any Horses or other Beasts drawing any Carriages loaded, or going empty to be loaded, or returning empty from having been loaded with. Lime, to be solely used for improving or manuring Lands or Grounds; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of such Exemption, not being legally entitled to the same, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Half to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Treasurer of the said Road; and in all Cases the Proof of Exemption shall lie upon the Person claiming the same: Provided always, that no Person shall have or be entitled to the said Exemption from Toll for or in respect of any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage, having Wheels of less Breadth than Four Inches and an Half on the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages having the Wheels cylindrical, and of not less Breadth than Four and a Half Inches on the Soles thereof, and with the Axletrees fixed as mentioned and described in and by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be allowed an Abatement of One-third Part of the Tolls by this Act granted, except any fractional Part less than an Halfpenny.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, or other such Carriages, having, at the Time of the using thereof, Wheels which shall deviate more than a Quarter of an Inch front a flat Surface, or shall not have the Nails thereof countersunk so as to form a level Surface, shall be deemed liable and subject to the Payment of the same Toll as Carriages with Wheels of less than Three Inches in Breadth on the Soles thereof.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Part thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which before the Day of the Commencement of this Act shall have been raised and produced by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed, for or in respect of the said Road, and by this Act directed to be kept in Repair, and which shall be remaining undisposed of on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, and also all the Monies which shall arise and be produced by and from the Tolls by the said last recited Act and this Act granted and made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue thereof, and not otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and be applied

915

4" GEORGII IV. Cty.xli.

applied in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Toll Gates

Toll Bars, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and keeping the same in Repair, and of altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving the said Road by this Act directed to be kept in Repair as aforesaid, and of erecting and making necessary and convenient Bridges upon the same, and otherwise executing the other Purposes of the said last recited Act and this Act, and in reducing, paying off, and discharging the several Principal Sums of Money and Interest which shall have been borrowed and secured in pursuance of and for the Purposes of the said Act hereby repealed in respect of the said Road, and the several Principal Sums of Money which may be hereafter borrowed and secured by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that in the Application of the said Monies, a due Regard be had to the Interest of the Mortgagees of the said Road.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time any Person or Trustees Persons shall offer any Sum or Sums of Money on the Security of the

Tolls of the said Road at any lower Rate of Interest than is now paid or iower in. payable to the Holder or Holders of any of the then existing Securities, terest than it the said Trustees shall and may and they are hereby authorized and em- now paid, powered to cancel such Securities so carrying a higher Rate of Interest to the Amount of the Sum or Sums offered, paying to the Holder or Holders the full Amount of such Security, and grant new ones bearing a Iower Rate of Interest, unless the Holder or several Holders of such existing Securities shall consent to accept such lower Interest: Provided always, that the remaining Securities uncancelled shall continue at the same Rate of Interest as was paid immediately before the passing of this Act.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall not be personally subject to or liable to be charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or other Security made by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act: Provided always, that in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be defrayed out of the Tolls arising on the said Road.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said last recited Act and this Act, or either of them, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs,

Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, or under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Fourteen Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order

made

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the

Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by ' Distress and . Sale of the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

Trustees not

personally liable for Mortgages.

916

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xYx.

made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by Way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sate, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Warrant as aforesaid.

Regulations

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are as to Per- or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable formance of towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, and Work*6 the Inhabitants of all such Parishes, Townships, or Places liable to do Statute Work upon, or to contribute towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect

917

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xli.

effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if such Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on .any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Derby, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor of the said Trustees.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Ex- For paying pences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall the Expencea be paid and discharged by the said Trustees out of any Money now in of the Act* the Hands of the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, together with lawful Interest for the same from the Time of advancing or disbursing the same.

io Z

918 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xYi.

[Public Act.]

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by ail Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Term and

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on Continuance the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force and be executed of this Act. for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xlii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Horsham in the County of Sussex, by Bewbush, to the Town of Crawley in the said County.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Gaol Green, in the Town of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, by Bewbush, in the Parish of Seeding, otherwise Seal, to the Town of Crawley in the said County, would be of great Advantage and Convenience to the Owners and Occupiers of Estates and other Inhabitants within the said Towns and adjacent Country, and would otherwise be of great public Utility; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regu- 3G.4. c. 126. bating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all His Trustees. Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Sussex, together with Robert Aldridge, Charles Beauclerk, James Shudi Broadwood, William Cutler, John Caffyn, the Honourable Thomas Erskine, Thomas Americas Erskine, James Gardner, Samuel Holland Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Honywood, the Reverend Spencer Lewin, Thomas Redford, Thomas Sanctuary, Robert Smith, Dewdney Stedman, William Sharp, John Turner, and their Successors, shall be and they, are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution.

ii A

11. And

922

Power to appoint additional Trustees.

Extending the Powers 3G.4. c. 126. to this Act.

Trustees to take an Oath truly to execute the Acts.

Form of Oath.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xln.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at their First Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five in the Whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees, so elected and being qualified according to the Directions of the said Act and this Act, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this and the said Act, as if they had been hereby nominated and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Remedies, Penalties, Exemptions, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty shall extend, and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend to this Act, in as full, large, and ample a Manner, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same respectively were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, save and except where the same are or any Part thereof is expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Act and this Act, unless he shall be qualified in such manner as in and by the said Act is directed and prescribed, and unless (being so qualified) he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said recited Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned) fake and subscribe, before any One or more of the said Trustees, an Oath, or being a Quaker, an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

4 j A.B. do swear, [or, being a Quaker, do affirm] That I will truly,

honestly, and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, exe-‘ cute, and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in 4 me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here 4 insert the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general 4 Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England. So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suitor Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oaths hereby prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but 9 ail

923

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlii.

all such Acts and Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as If such Person had taken such Oaths previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Treasurer lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person or Persons who may and Clerk be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the ^Person* Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act j or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said First Meetr-Trustees shall be held at the House known by the Sign of the King*s j^ees Head, or at some other convenient House or Place in the Town of Horsham and power in the said County of Sussex, on the Second Saturday next after the to appoint passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be; at which Officers. Meeting the said Trustees shall and may, by Writing under their Hands,

elect and appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and a Clerk or Clerks, and also a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and of all the Monies to be collected, or which shall or may be due and payable under or by virtue of the said Act and this Act; and shall likewise appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and that they the said Trustees shall and may from Time to Time remove all such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, when and as often as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others in their Stead, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper; and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Tolls and other Monies to be collected and received under or by virtue of the said Act and this Act, make such Allowance by way of Salaries or otherwise, unto the Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers so to be appointed, for and in consideration of the Care and Pains by them respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of the said Act and this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper.

924 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xYa.

Power to

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may,

klfand' an(l l^ey are kereby authorized to erect or cause to be erected such Toll Toll Gates. Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes in, upon, or across the said Road by this Act authorized to be made, or in, upon, or across any Part or Parts thereof, or upon or near the Side or Sides thereof, or across any Street, Lane, or Way leading into or out of the same, as they shall think proper, together with such Toll House or Toll Houses and other Conveniencies adjoining or near to the said respective Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes, as to them shall seem meet or expedient; and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, or discontinue such Toll Gates or Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think expedient.

Power to sell

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Houses^ Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is by the said recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at all such Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes respectively, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same; (that is to say),

Tolls. For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Chariot,

Landau, Berlin, Sociable, Photon, Curricle, Whiskey, Chair, Taxed Cart, Chaise, Calash, or other such like Carriage, or any Hearse, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Van, Caravan, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Three-p ence:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Sixpence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For

925

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlii.

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Three-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number : And,

For every Carriage laden with Timber, Plank, Bricks, Tiles, Stone,

Chalk, or Sand, passing through any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be erected by virtue of this Act, between the First Day of November and the First Day of April in every Year, Double the Tolls or Duties which the same would otherwise be liable to pay by virtue of this Act.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in Tolls vested the Name of or as Toll, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied as herein-after directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That no more than Two full Tolls in Limiting the the whole shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons for Number of Once passing and repassing the same Day, to be computed from Twelve the Tolls to of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next following be takeD* Night, with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages through all

the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act; and any Person who shall have paid the Tolls hereby granted for or in respect of any Horses, Cattle, Beast or Carriages, at any Toll Gate, Bar, or Chain to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall on the same Day (to be computed as herein-before mentioned) be permitted to pass and repass once (but not oftener) through the same Gate or Bar, without again paying Toll, with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts or Carriages.

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of any of the Tickets to be Tolls hereby made payable, the Collector or Receiver shall and he is printed and hereby required to deliver, or offer to deliver (gratis) to the Person deliYered paying such Toll, a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, and specify- grat,s*

ing the Name of the Gate at which the Toll is received.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect Stage of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Coaches, Waggon, Van, Caravan or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or CaJavans, Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been chaiseTto paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turn- pay every pike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for re- Time of passing through such Toll Gate, in like manner as if no Toll had been Pas,ing* before paid; and the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise and other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing

along the said Road, on the same Day, with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That after the said new Road to ex- old Road by tend from Fay Gate Green by the North Side of Holmbush House, and Holmbush to joining the present Road at or near Bewbush, shall be open for Travellers st0PPed in lieu of the old Road now leading from Fay Gate Green aforesaid along up‘

the South Side of Holmbush to Bewbush, and whereby the Public will be more conveniently accommodated, such last-mentioned Road shall be wholly stopped up and discontinued, and the Ground and Soil thereof shall be [Local.'] it B declared

926

4° GEORGII IV. Cop. xlii.

declared to be vested in the Owner of the adjoining Land, upon the Terms and in the Manner directed by the said recited Act: Provided always, that the said Road shall not be stopped up unless the Concurrence and Approbation in Writing of any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which the same shall be situate shall be first had and obtained, and their Determination in the Premises shall be subject to Appeal in the Manner and Form directed and prescribed by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an 55G.3-c. 68. Act of the Thirteenth Tear of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways, in so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a public Highway, and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the stopping up of unnecessary Roads.

Application

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Tolls and other Monies of Tolls. tQ arjse by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act shall be applied in the first Place, and in preference to all other Payments whatsoever, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences incident or in anywise relating to the obtaining and passing of this Act, with Interest for the same; and then in the Payment of Interest upon the Money to be borrowed for the Purposes thereof, and of the Salaries and Allowances to the Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Surveyors and other Officers and Persons for the Time being employed by the said Trustees j and in paying and defraying all other Charges, Sums of Money, and Expences to be incurred or occasioned in or relating to the Execution of this and the said recited Act; and also in repaying the Principal Sum or Sums of Money borrowed or to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act and this Act granted, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Power to set

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

°Utmb a Trustees and they are hereby authorized and empowered to set out and

raa e 03 ' make the said new intended Road herein-before mentioned and described, in such Manner as to them shall seem right and proper; and for that Purpose to take and use any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Erections, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments, they the said Trustees first making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Erections, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments, or such Part or Parts thereof as they the said Trustees may require for making and constructing the said Road j such Satisfaction, in case of any Difference concerning the same, to be settled and ascertained by a Jury in Manner directed and prescribed in and by the said recited Act.

XVI. And whereas a Map or Plan of the Line of the said Road, and of the Lands and Premises through which the same are to be made or carried, together with Lists of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers, or reputed Owners or Occupiers, of such Lands and Premises, has been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Sussex; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Lists shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the end that all Persons may, at seasonable Times, have liberty to inspect and peruse the same, paying for such Inspection and Perusal the Sum of One Shilling, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their

Will

A Map or Plan of the Roads deposited with the Clerk of the Peace, to remain there for Inspection of Parties interested, &c.

927

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlii.

Will and Pleasure (paying the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being the Sum of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words for making such Copies or Extracts); and that the said Trustees in making the said Road shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Lines described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent in Writing first had and obtained of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Premises such Deviation shall be made.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Road into, through, across or over the several Lands, Hereditaments and Premises of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands and Premises through or over which the same are set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although such Lands or Premises, or the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, may happen to be erroneously described, omitted, or mis-stated in the said Map or Plan or Lists, in case it shall appear to any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Lands or Premises shall or may respectively be, and be certified by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Houses not Authorities hereby and by the said recited Act given or granted, shall to be injured, not extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Trustees in making the said Road to take or pull down, injure, or

damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground, planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or Regulation* shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards for Perforinrepairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still ^tute remain liable thereunto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be work lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes,

Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road lies, and and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish,

Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their

Dwelling

Trustees to make Road conformably to such Plan.

928

4P GEORGII IV. Cap.*lii.

Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, learn or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wholly neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his and their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any 1 wo Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

7

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlii. 929

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as In case of often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered NonPay-

t *i, r* ri r\* • nient of

to be paid by any Justice or Justices in pursuance or the Directions Compensa-

of the said recited Act or this Act, as or by way of Compensation tion for Ma-

or Satisfaction for any Materials or Costs, or for any Damages, Spoil, ter als or In-or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever done or committed by Jt'j‘^sa^ne y the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Trustees, &c. Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the the same to said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same be levied by within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made,

stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the of the said

said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Trustees, Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the °rtheir Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied reasurer« and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for thac Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace; which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials,

Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned, on Demand, to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that the said Treasurer shall and may retain, out of any Monies which may come to his Hands in pursuance of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Per- Power for son or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or ap- the Trustees point, are and is hereby empowered to contract and agree with any Per- forC°e"^ct son or Persons for setting out, making, altering, widening, repairing, or out, making, otherwise improving the Road by this Act authorized to be made, or any and repairing Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work to be performed in

the Execution of this and the said recited Act, in such Manner and for 1 oa such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing entered into by or in pursuance of any Order of the said Trustees, with any Workman or Workmen, or any other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons who shall sign the same, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators; and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, and in his or their Name or Names respectively; and Damages and Costs to be recovered against the Party or Person, Parties or Persons, failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively, and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or [Local.] n C may

930

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlii.

may be requisite for setting out, making, or repairing the said Road, or for doing any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this or the said recited Act, and which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against any such Party or Person, Parties or Persons respectively, so as aforesaid making Default in the Fulfilment of his, her, or their Contract or Agreement j any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

[Public Act.]

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon ment and the passing thereof, and shall be and continue in full Force and Effect for Continuance ancj during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End o t is ct. the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO7

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xliii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town of Mold in the County of Flint and the Town of Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between the Town of Ruthin in the said County of Denbigh and the Town of Wrexham aforesaid, and also Two several Branches of Road therefrom.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Turnpike Road, to commence from the present Turnpike Road between the Town of Mold in the County of Flint and the Town of Wrexham in the County of Denbigh^ at or near a certain Dwelling House situate in the Township of Leeswood in the said County of Flint9 and now in the Occupation of Thomas Simpson, called Pont-B/yddyn, otherwise Pont-Blyddyn Public House, and to terminate at the Turnpike Road between the Town of Ruthin in the said County of Denbigh and the Town of Wrexham aforesaid, at or near the Crown Inn in the Township of Llan, or Treflan, in the Parish of Llandegla in the said County of Denbigh; and also the making and maintaining of a Branch Road, to commence from the said intended Main Road near a Cottage called Erwau, in the Township of Tryddyn in the said County of Flint, and to terminate at the new \Local.] ii D Turnpike

934

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xliii.

Turnpike Road between the Town of Mold aforesaid and the Town of Ruthin aforesaid, near to a Farm House situate in the Township of Gwaen-Ffynnon in the said County of Denbigh, and in the Occupation of Abraham Francis, called Ffynnon-y-Berth; and also the making and maintaining of another Branch Road, to commence from the said intended Main Road, near an Iron-stone Pit called Davies's Fit, in the said Township of Tryddyn, and to terminate at or near a certain Bridge called Ffrith Bridge, in the Townships of Uchymynydd Isaf and Uchymynydd Ucha, or one of them, in the said County of Flint, would be of great Advantage and Convenience to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, and other the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country; and the said Turnpike Road would greatly facilitate the Communication between the City of Chester and the Market Town of Bala in the County of Merioneth, and other Towns and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof; and the said intended Roads would also greatly facilitate and be a great Convenience to the Carriage and Conveyance of Coal, Iron, and other Minerals from the Works in the Township of Tryddyn aforesaid to different Parts of the Country, and the same would otherwise be of great public Utility, inasmuch as the present Roads are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow, incommodious, deep, hollow, circuitous, mountainous, and dangerous to Travellers and Carriages; but the beneficial Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His 3G.4. c. 126. present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Trustee*. Authority of the same, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being acting for the respective Counties of Flint and Denbigh, together with Sir Thomas Mostyn Baronet, Sir Stephen Richard Gfynne Baronet, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn Baronet, Sir Robert Williames Vaughan Baronet, Sir Edward Pryce Lloyd Baronet, Sir John Williams Baronet, the Right Honourable Charles Watkin Williams Wynn, the Honourable Frederick West, William John Bankes, Abraham Ball, John Boydell, James Boy dell, John Denton, Evan Davies of Llan Tryddyn, Richard Frederick West, Thomas Fiizhugh, Thomas Wynne Eyton, Henry Clynne, Richard Garnons, Ellis Hughes of Copy, Edward Hughes, Edward Jones Hughes, John Hutchinson, Philip Humberston, Wilson Jones, William Jones, Thomas Jones, John Jones of Accre, John Jones of Hafod, Ralph Lewis, Edward Mostyn Lloyd, Edward Lloyd of Rhagatt, Edward Lloyd of Leeswood, John Madocks, Richard Newcombe Clerk, Richard Parry, Benjamin Conway Potter Clerk, Richard Watkin Pryce, Henry Potts, Charles Potts, Cadwallader Blayney Trevor Roper, Charles Blayney Trevor Roper, William Richards, Thomas Roberts of Tryddyn, Richard Roberts, Robert Roberts, the very Reverend William Davies Shipley Dean of Saint Asaph, Hamelin Trelawney, William Makepeace Thackeray Doctor of Medicine, Gryffydd Howel Vaughan, Robert Williames Vaughan, Gwyllym Lloyd Wardle, Edward Lloyd Gwyllym Wardle, William Williams of Plasyward, Thomas Brock Tates, John Brock Tates, William Parry Tale, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for making, maintaining, altering, widening, and from Time to Time divert-9 »ng,

935

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xliii.

ing, turning, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair the Roads herein-before mentioned and described, and for executing the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at their First Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby and by the said recited Act appointed; and such Trustees so elected, and being qualified according to the Directions of the said Act and this Act, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this and the said recited Act, as if they had been hereby nominated and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act is directed and prescribed j and unless (being so qualified) he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said recited Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe before any One or more of the said Trustees an Oath, or being a Quaker, an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following j (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, [or, being a Quaker, do affirm], That I will truly, { A honestly, and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, 4 execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts ‘ reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth 6 Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled c An Act [here insert the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to 6 amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that 1 Part of Great Britain called England. So help me GOD.*

Which Oath or Affirmation any one or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by the said recited Act and this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Acts and Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Remedies, Matters, and Things in the said recited

Power to appoint additional Trus-

Trustees to lake an Oath truly to execute the Acts.

Form of the Oath.

Extending the Powers of the said

936

First Meeting of the Trustees, and Power to

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xliii.

recited Act contained, shall extend, and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend to this Act, in as full, large, and ample a Manner, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same respectively were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, save and except where the same are, or any Part thereof is expressly altered or repealed by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said Trustees shall be held at the House known by the Name or Sign of Pont Blyddyn, or at some other convenient House or Place in the Township of Leeswood in the said County of Flint^ on the Third Friday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be; at which Meeting the said Trustees shall and may proceed in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, and shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and a Clerk or Clerks, and also a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and of all the Monies to be collected, or which shall or may be due and payable under or by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, and shall likewise appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and that they the said Trustees shall and may from Time to Time remove all such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, when and as often as they shall see occasion, and appoint others in their Stead, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper; and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Tolls and other Monies to be collected and received under or by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, make such Allowance, byway of Salaries or otherwise, unto the Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers so to be appointed, for and in consideration of the Care and Pains by them respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person or Persons who may 1 be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person or Persons who may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person, being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under this Act, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every sudh Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of

His

937

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xliii.

His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign. Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall De allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may and they are hereby authorized to erect or cause to be erected such Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes in, upon, or across the said Roads, by this Act authorized to be made, or in, upon, or across any Part or Parts thereof, or upon or near the Side or Sides thereof, or across any Street, Lane, or Way leading into or out of the same, as they shall think proper, together with such Toll House or Toll Houses, and other Conveniences adjoining or near to the said respective Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes, as to them shall seem meet or expedient; and that the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at all such Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes respectively before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same; (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast drawing any Carriage whatsoever, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number : Which said Tolls and all other Tolls authorized to be taken upon the said Roads, and all Monies arising by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall and may be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to pay Toll more than Once in the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night), for passing or repassing with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carnages through all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates maintained and supported by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act; but that all and every Person and Persons, after having paid Toll Once as aforesaid, and producing a Note or Ticket or Notes or Tickets denoting the Payment of such Toll, shall afterwards pass with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages Toll-free during such Day, to be computed as aforesaid, through ail and every the Gate and Gates, Turnpike and Turnpikes erected on the said Roads, or across any Road or Way leading out of the same (except as herein-after mentioned); and all the respective Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver such Notes or Tickets gratis, on Receipt of the Toll in manner aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turn*

[Local.'] ii E pike

Power to

pikes and Toll Gates.

Tolls.

Tolls vested in the Trus-

Tolls to be paid only Once a Day.

Stage Coaches, Caravans, and Post Chaises to pay every Time of pasting.

938 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiiii.

pike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Turnpike or Toll Gate in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid, and the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

oniv of the X. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any

ToHs°to be more than One-half of the Tolls hereby granted for or in respect of any

taken for Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Cart, or Carriages other Carriage of the Uke Nature, laden with Limestone to be used solely for Improvement of Land, or in going for or returning empty after to be used for having been laden with such Limestone, any thing in this or the said re-improving cited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Power to sell

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said when theyCS Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses are not to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may wanted. stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his* her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof : Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner of Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground, of old Road not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

Enabling Trustees to borrow Money from the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them present at any Meeting or Meetings to be held by them under the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act, to borrow ol and from the Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend. Two Acts of the Fifty-seventh Tear of His late Majesty, and the First Tear of His present Majesty, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor; and to authorize a f urther Issue of Exchequer Bills for the Purposes of the said Acts, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Majority of the said Trustees present at such Meeting or Meetings may deem expedient for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, upon Mortgage or Assignment of all 8 Tolls

939

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xliii.

Tolls to arise on the Roads in this Act mentioned or referred to, and the Toll Gates and Toll Houses to be erected for collecting the same, with their Appurtenances, subject nevertheless to such of the Provisoes and Conditions particularly mentioned and expressed in the said last hereinbefore mentioned Act, and the Acts therein recited and referred to, and in such Form as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That any Mortgage or Assignment which shall be given by the said Trustees to the said Commissioners, shall have Priority over and shall precede all other Mortgages and Securities which shall be granted by the said Trustees, any thing contained in the said recited Act, or this Act, or in any Mortgage or Security which shall be granted under the Powers thereof, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Tolls and other Monies to arise by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, shall be applied in the first Place, and in preference to all other Payments whatsoever, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences incident or in anywise relating to the obtaining and passing of this Act, and then in the Payment of Interest upon the Money to be borrowed for the Purposes thereof, and of the Salaries and Allowances to the Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers and Persons for the Time being employed by the said Trustees, and in paying and defraying all other Charges, Sums of Money and Expences to be incurred or occasioned in or relating to the Execution of this and the said recited Act, and also in repaying the principal Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said recited Act and this Act granted, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to set out and make the said Roads herein-before mentioned and described, in such Manner as to them shall seem right and proper, and for that Purpose to take and use any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Erections, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments, they the said Trustees first making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Erections, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments, or such Part or Parts thereof as they the said Trustees may require for making and constructing the said Roads; such Satisfaction, in case of any Difference concerning the same, to be settled and ascertained by a Jury in Manner directed and prescribed in and by the said recited Act.

Mortgages grunted to the Commissioners for the Issue of-Exchequer Bills to ha?e Priority over other Mortgages. Application of Tolls.

Power to set out and make the Roads.

XVI. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Lines of the said A Map or Roads, and of the Lands and Premises through which the same are to be ^lan the made or carried, together with Lists of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers, or reputed Owners and Occupiers of such Lands and Pre- clerks of the mises, have been deposited at the Offices of the Clerks of the Peace for Peace to re-the said Counties of Flint and Denbigh respectively; be it therefore fur- ma'n there ther enacted, That the said Map or Plan, and Lists, shall remain in the Custody ,of the Clerks of the Peace for the said Counties respectively, to the Parties the End that all Persons may at seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect interested, and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will &Cf

and

940

Trustees to make the Roads conformably to such Plan, &c. notwithstanding any

Omissions.

Houses, &c. not to be

Regulations as to the Performance of Statute Work.

4" GEORGII IV. Gajo.xliii.

and Pleasure, (paying the respective Clerks of the Peace for the Time being a reasonable Compensation for making such Copies or Extracts); and that the said Trustees in making the said Roads shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Lines described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent in Writing first had and obtained of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Premises such Deviation shall be made.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Roads into, through, across, or over the several Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises of any Person or Persons who is, or are, or may be Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands and Premises through or over which the same are set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although such Lands or Premises, or the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be erroneously described, omitted, or mis-stated in the said Map or Plan, or Lists, in case it shall appear to any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Lands or Premises shall or may respectively be, and be certified by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities hereby and by the said recited Act given or granted, shall not extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Trustees, in making the said Roads, to take or pull down, injure or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads do lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and\ in order thereto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names, of the several.

941

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xliii.

several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads, and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places shall refuse or wholly neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

[LocaL]

942

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods vested in such Trustees or their Treasurer.

Power for the Trustees to contract for setting out, making, and repairing the said Roads.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xXm.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials or Costs, or for any Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain afterpayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such case such Overplus shall be returned, on Demand, to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the said Treasurer shall and may retain, out of any Monies which may come into his Hands in pursuance of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint, are and is hereby empowered to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for setting our, making, altering, widening, repairing, or otherwise improving the Roads by this Act authorized to be made, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this and the said recited Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing entered into by or in pursuance of any Order of the said Trustees with any Workman or Workmen, or any other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons who shall sign the same, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators; and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Time being, and in his or their Name or Names respectively, and Damages and Costs be recovered against the Party or Person, Parties or Persons, failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum or

5 Sums

943

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xliii.

Sums of Money as shall or may be requisite for setting out, making, or repairing the said Roads, or for doing any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this or the said recited Act, and which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against any such Party or Person, Parties or Persons respectively, so as aforesaid making Default in the Fulfilment of his, her, or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Mines of Mines re-Lead Ore, and all Mines, Veins, Beds or Seams of Coal, Iron Stone, and Ownenof other Minerals whatsoever, which shall be discovered or found in or Lands, under any Lands to be appropriated to the said Roads by virtue of

this Act, shall be and they are hereby reserved to the Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who would have been seised of or entitled to the same in case this Act had not been made; with Liberty for him, her, or them, or his, her, or their respective Agents or Servants, to dig for, mine, and work the same in such Manner as is usual for carrying on Works of that kind in the District or Place where such Mines,

Coal, or other Minerals shall be found, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Land had not been taken and appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid, so that in the Working thereof no Damage shall be done to the said Roads or any Part thereof.

[Public Act.]

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such,

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commence-

upon the First Monday next after the passing thereof, and shall be and ment and continue in full force and effect for and during the Term of Twenty-one JjJl" yJJJ* Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. ° 's c '

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xliv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from East Teignmouth, through Daiclish, Starcross, and Kenton, to communicate with the Exeter Turnpike Road in the Parish of Exminster, all in the County of Devon.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS the present Road from East Teignmouth, through Dawlish, Starcross, and Kenton, to Exminster, all in the County of Devon, is very much out of Repair, and in many Parts thereof extremely hilly and inconvenient: And whereas it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Places, and to the Public, that a good Road, avoiding the steep Hills in the present Line of Road, should be made and maintained : And whereas the same cannot be effected without tile Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike 3G.4.C. 126. Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all His Majesty's Trustees. Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, together with Stephen [.Local.'] it G Oakelej

946

Power to appoint additional Trustees.

Powers of 3G.4.

extended t this Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xliv.

Oakeley Attlay, Sir John Palmer A eland, Richard Brock, Thomas Brem-ridge, William Cartwright, William Corny ns, William Courtenay, George Thomas Chamberlain Clerk, Benjamin Chapman, George Cole, Joseph Drury Doctor in Divinity, Richard Eales, Richard Ferris, John Foulkes, James Goss, William Baring Gould, Charles Hoare, Charles Hubbard, Robert Jordan, Robert Keen, Charles Knighton, Robert Long, Edmund Pusey Lyon, John Henry Ley, Henry Ley Clerk, William Langmead, Honourable George Lysaght, Sir James Nugent Baronet, John Newcombe, James Nash9 Parr, John Mcore Pidgesley, Charles Phillott Clerk, Thomas Benson, Wilmot Palk Clerk, John David Perkins Doctor in Divinity, John Strachan, Henry Disney Roebuck, John Beaumont Swete, Honourable Arthur St. Leger, Edward Smedley Clerk, Richard Cornish Stone, John Templar Clerk, William Tayleur, Abraham Vicary, James Vinicombe, Edward Upham, and their Successors, to be elected in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from East Teignmouth in the County of Devon, along the Sea Coast to Dawlish, and from Dawlish through Starcross and Kenton, to join and communicate with the Exeter Turnpike Road in the Parish of Exminster in the said County, partly by amending, widening, and improving the present Parish Roads, and partly by making new Pieces of Road, for the Purpose of avoiding several steep and dangerous Hills (the said Road being to commence at the Old Market House at East Teignmouth, and to be carried by the Line of tfae present Road to Gorway Cross, and then by a new Line of Road, deviating towards the Sea, from the present Road, about One hundred Yards from the said Gorway Cross, for the Purpose of avoiding the steep Hills at and leading to and from the Village of Holecombe, and then by the present Road to Dawlish, and from Dawlish by the Road along the Sea Coast to certain Lime Kilns, and from near the said Lime Kilns, by a new Line, to the Village of Week, to join and fell into the Road from Dawlish to Cockwood at or near a certain Bridge called Shatterton Briclge, and from the said Bridge, by the present Road to Cofton Commons, lately inclosed, and thence by a new Line of Road across a certain Marsh called Corford Marsh, and down on the North Side of the said Marsh to South-brooke, and by the Road at the Back of Starcross to the Courtenay Arms 3t Starcross, and thence by the present Road through Kenton and over Kenton Bridge, and through Part of the Parish of Powderham to the Exeter Turnpike Road in the Parish of Exminster aforesaid), and for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees hereby nominated, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose (of which Meeting, and the Purpose thereof, Ten Days Notice shall be given in some Newspaper published in the City of Exeter), to elect any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five in the whole, to be Trustees in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees so elected shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities as if they had been herein named and appointed Trustees as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures* Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, (save and

9 except

947

4" GEORGII IV. <VxHv.

except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied or altered by this Act), shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said recited Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe before any One or more of the said Trustees an Oath, or being a Quaker, an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, [or, being a Quaker, do affirm], That I will truly, ‘ A honestly, and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, 6 execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of ‘ the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, ‘ itfc. [here insert the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed in the ‘ Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to ‘ amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in ‘ that Part of Great Britain called England. So help ine GOD.*

* [Or, being a Quaker, omit the JVords So help me God.’]

Which Oath or Affirmation any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if any Person shall presume to act as such Trustee (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, or made and subscribed the said Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath, or make and subscribe the said Affirmation by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Acts and Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath or made such Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, l'hat the said Trustees shall meet at the York Hotel, or some other convenient Place at Dawlish aforesaid, on the Second Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon, and shall then proceed to carry the said recited Act and this Act into Execution.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and shall, as occasion may require from Time to Time, by Writing under their respective Hands in the Book of Proceedings, appoint a Clerk and a Treasurer, and such Surveyors, Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary; and that it shall be lawful for the

Trustees to take an Oath truly to execute the Acts.

Oath.

First Meet-

ing.

For appointing Clerks, Treasurers, an 1 other Officers.

948 4- GEORGII IV. Cap.*liv.

the said Trustees from Time to Time to remove such Clerk, Treasurer, Surveyors, Collectors, and other Officers, or any of them, and on the Removal, Death, or Resignation of any such Clerk or Treasurer, or of any of such Surveyors, Collectors, or other Officers, to appoint others in their Stead j and the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any Money arising by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, to allow and pay to the Clerk, Treasurer, Surveyors, Collectors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting them or any of them in or about the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Service, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time deem reasonable; and the said Trustees shall at their First Meeting appoint another Meeting for the especial Purpose of appointing their said Officers, of which Meeting Notice shall be given in some Newspaper to be published in the City of Exeter, at least Five Days before such Meeting.

Clerk and

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful

not^o^e for t^ie sa'^ Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act

the same as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such

Person. Clerk, or the Clerk of or other Person in the Service or Employ of such

Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk for the Purposes of this Act; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person, being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk of or other Person in the Service or Employ of such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of such Treasurer, shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any Treasurer shall hold any Place of Profit or Trust under this Act, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Trustees may

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they erect Gates. are hereby required and empowered from Time to Time, to cause to be erected or set up a Toll Gate, Bar, or Chain, in, upon, and across such and so many Parts or Places in the said Road, or upon the Sides thereof, across such and so many of the Lanes or Ways leading into the same, as they may consider necessary for collecting the Tolls granted and made payable by this Act and the said recited Act; and that it shall be lawful for them from Time to Time to discontinue or remove or alter the Situation of any such Gate, Bar, or Chain; and that it shall also be lawful for the said Trustees to cause to be erected or to provide a Toll House

at each such Toll Gate, and to take from the Land adjoining to any such

Toll House a convenient Garden Spot, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre for each such Toll House, and to inclose the same.

Trustees to tv

appointed- Hl. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Actors of Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed Collector or Collec-

949

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xliv.

tors as aforesaid, or for any Person or Persons acting for and under the Authority of such Collector or Collectors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and after the passing of this Act, to demand and take at each and every Gate, Bar, or Chain as aforesaid (subject however to the Restrictions and Exemptions in this and the said recited Acts contained), the Tolls hereafter mentioned from the Person or Persons using, leading, driving, or attending any Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Beasts hereby made subject to the Payment of Toll, before such Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate, Bar, or Chain; (that is to say),

For each and every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Coach, Cha- Power to riot, Chaise, Curricle, Gig, Car, Hearse, Van, or any other such take Tolls. Carriage, if drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; by Two or Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence j by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; and by more than Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For each and every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon or Cart or other such Carriage (except light Carts as hereafter mentioned), having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, the Sum of Four-pence t Four Inches and a Half, and under Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; under Four Inches and a Half, the Sum of Sixpence:

For each and every Timber Carriage, so constructed as that the Distance between the Axle-trees thereof shall be more than Nine Feet, the Sum of Two Shillings, over and above the Toll payable for the Horses drawing the same:

For each and every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Slide,

Sledge, or Butt, the Sum of Nine-pence t For the Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any light Market Cart, with Fish, or Vegetables, or Bread, drawn by only One Horse or other Beast, the Sum of Two-pence:

For each and every Horse, Ass, or Mule, laden with Crooks, Twopence t

For each and every other Horse, Ass, or Mule, laden or unladen, One Penny.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Toll, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied as herein-after is directed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That not more than Limiting the Two full Tolls shall be demanded or taken of or from any Person or Tolls. Persons, on the whole Line of the said Road, from Teignmouth to the said Exeter Road, and that a Second Toll shall not be demanded or taken at any Gate, Bar, or Chain, within Seven Miles of any Gate, Bar, or Chain where Toll shall have been paid for or in respect of the same Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, for passing through all or any Number of Gates, Bars, or Chains in any one Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next following Night).

[Local

n //

950

Tolls payable but Once a Day.

Stage Coaches, Post Chaises, &c. to pay every Time of passing.

Waggons to pay each Time of passing with a

Exemptions for Agricultural Produce.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xliv.

XI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall have paid the Toll hereby granted at any Gate, Bar, or Chain, or shall have passed through any Gate, Bar, or Chain with a Ticket denoting the Payment of the proper Toll at some other Gate, Bar, or Chain, for or in respect of any Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, shall on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next following Night), be permitted to pass and repass as often as such Person shall think proper, with the same Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, through the same Toll Gate, Bar, or Chain, such Person producing a Ticket denoting that the Toll hath been paid on that Day.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said lolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any licensed Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage, carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for every Time of passing or repassing on the same Day, the Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in the Morning till Twelve of the Clock at Night; and the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Road on the same Day (the Day to be computed as aforesaid), with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable for or in respect of any Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Cart, Slide, or other such Carriage, shall be paid for every Time of passing along the said Road with a new Load.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act, for any Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having-been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Lime, Dung, Soil, Compost, or Manure for improving Lands, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry (unless laden also with some other Thing not hereby exempted from Toll), or any Hay, Straw, Fodder for Cattle, and Corn in the Straw, which has grown or arisen on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, or Potatoes, or other Agricultural Produce, which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor is going to be sold or disposed of, or for any Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts employed in Husbandry, going to or returning from Plough or Harrow, or to or from Pasture or Watering Place, such Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, not going or returning on those Occasions more than Two Miles on the said Road; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds j and the Proof of Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming the same.

4

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xliv. 051

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said To enable Trustees, at any Meeting or Meetings to be held by them under the ^"ro^x-Provisions of this Act, to borrow of and from the Commissioners for cheq«er Bills carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament made and passed in the on the Credit Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to of the Act, amend Two Acts of the Fifty-seventh Tear of His late Majesty, and the 3G-4-c,y6, First Tear of His present Majesty, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor, and to authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills for the Purposes of the said Acts, such Sum <>r Sums of Money as the Majority of the said Trustees present at such Meeting or Meetings may deem expedient for the Purposes mentioned in this Act, upon Mortgage or Assignment of all Tolls authorized to be collected and received by this Act, and the Toll Gates and Toll Houses erected or to be erected for collecting the same, with their Appurtenances; subject nevertheless to such of the Provisoes and Conditions particularly mentioned and expressed in the said Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, and the Acts therein recited and referred to, and in such Form as the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills shall direct and appoint.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any Mortgage or Assignment Exchequer which shall be given by the said Trustees to the said Commissioners for Bl.11 .Com" the Issue of Exchequer Bills, shall have Priority over and shall precede have t'rTority all other Mortgages or Securities granted by the Trustees for the Execu- over Seeuri-tion of this Act, any thing in the said recited Acts or this Act, or in any ties granted Mortgage or Security which shall hereafter be granted as aforesaid, to the ^y trustees, contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Application Trustees to borrow or take up at Interest on the Credit of the Tolls by ottheWonCy-f this Act and the said recited Act granted and made payable, such Sums

of Money as they shall from Time to Time deem necessary for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, and t-» demise and mortgage the said Tolls in manner directed by the said recited Act; and that all the Money so to be borrowed shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; (that is to say), in the First Place, in the Payment of the Cost and Expence of the Survey which has been made of the said Road, and of all the other Costs and Expences which have been incurred in applying for, preparing, obtaining, and passing this Act, and otherwise relative thereto respectively; and in the Second Place, in defraying the Expence of erecting and providing Toll Gates, Bars, Weighing Machines, Houses, and other Buildings, and of making, altering, raising, widening, repairing, and improving the said Road, and of purchasing Lands and Hereditaments for that Purpose, and of erecting and making necessary and convenient Bridges, and otherwise executing the Purposes of this Act; and all the Money which shall arise from the 'lolls granted and made payable by this Act and the said recited Act shall, in the First Place, be applied from Time to Time in paying the Interest of the Money to be borrowed as aforesaid, and when such Interest shall have been paid, the Remainder of such Money shall be applied for the Purpose of keeping the said Road, Toll Houses, Gates, and Bars in

Repair,

9«2

Trustees not nally liable.

Boat! to be made according to Plan.

Land1!;

the Plan may be used notwithstanding Errors in the Book of Refe-ence.

ter Lands to make Road.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xliv.

Repair, and in otherwise putting this Act into Execution j and lastly, in' reducing, paying off, and discharging the several principal Sums of Money which may be borrowed and secured by virtue of this Act and the said recited Act as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally subject to or charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage or other Security, to be made as aforesaid; and in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees for any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be defrayed out of the Money vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act.

XIX. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Lines of the several new Pieces of Road herein-before mentioned, and the Lands through which the same are to be carried, together with a Book of Reference containing Lists of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Devon; be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may, at all seasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and take Copies and Extracts therefrom, at their Will and Pleasure, paying to such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Pieces of new Road into, through, across, or over the several Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands or Premises over which the same or any Part thereof is or are set forth and described in the said Map or Plan or Book as aforesaid, although such Lands or Premises, or the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be erroneously described, omitted, or mis-stated in the said Map or Plan or Book, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake, or was not wilful, and such Certificate shall be deposited with and remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County : Provided always, that the said Trustees in making such respective new Roads shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Lines described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Ground such Deviation shall be made.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and their Surveyor or Surveyors and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands

and

953

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xWv.

and Premises through which, or whereupon the said new Pieces of Road hereby authorized to be made and maintained, or any Alteration or Deviation thereof, is intended to pass, and also upon any Lands or Grounds adjoining to the said new Road, or adjoining to the said old Road; and to stake out the said new Pieces of Road, and also any Improvement of the said old Road, and cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part thereof, and to make a temporary Way or Ways through or over any Lands or Grounds adjoining to the Parts of the said old Road to be made use of as a Public Highway whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road are being widened or altered, and until the said Road shall be made safe and convenient for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think necessary or proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned, such Damage to be ascertained and settled, in case of Dispute concerning the same, in the same Manner as the Value of Lands to be purchased or used by virtue of this Act is directed by the said recited Act to be ascertained and settled in case of Dispute; and if any Person shall pull up or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out any Part of the Road hereby directed to be made, amended, widened, improved, and maintained, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Power and Authority Trustees hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to empower restrained or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Garden, Orchard, ing Houses" Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any in- without closed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part Consent of thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or the Owners. Proprietors thereof first had and obtained, other than and except so much and such Part of such Dwelling Houses or other Buildings, Gardens,

Orchards, Yards, Parks, Paddocks, planted Walks, Avenues, and Nurseries for Trees as are described in the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Trustees to Trustees shall by virtue of this Act make any Part of the said new Pieces fence the of Road over and through any private Grounds, or shall take away any new Fence for widening, diverting, or turning any Road already made, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made proper Fences or Stone Walls on both Sides of such new-made Road, or on the Side upon which such Fence shall be so removed as aforesaid, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to such Road, and also proper Gates,

Bridges, and Arches where necessary, out of the said Roads into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep such Fences so to be made in good Order and Repair for and during the Term of Six Months from the Time that such Fences shall have been made or set up.

[Local.~\ 11 I

954

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials,

&c. the same to be levied on the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

Regulation as to Performance of Statute Labour-

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xliv.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials or Costs, or for any Damage, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by such Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after the same shall have been demanded in Writing from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices (in which Demand the Order of such Justice or Justices shall be stated), then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Money which he shall receive in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Warrant as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, and the Inhabitants of all such Parishes, Townships, or Places liable to do Statute Work upon, or contribute towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or on which the said Road lies; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of

955

4° GEORGII IV. C«j».xliv.

such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in. lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Monies shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if such Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any l5art thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor of the said Trustees.

956 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xliv.

[Public Act.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commencement and on the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for and during onidsA6 Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xlv.

An Act for more effectually amending the Road f om Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill in the County of Chester; and for making and keeping in Repair the Road branching out of the said Road at Pioll-y-rhwyd to the Borough of Holt in the said County of Denbigh.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road 22G. 3. C. 105, from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill in the County of Chester: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act 42G.3 c. 39. for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-second Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled ‘ An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill in the County ^/'Chester and for making, amending., and keeping in Repair the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called Pwll-^-rhwyd in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt in the same County : And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in 3G.4.C. 126. being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Two first recited Acts have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, for which Purpose they have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Two first recited Acts granted, which [Local.^ xi K Money

958

The Two first recited Acts repealed.

Extending the Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. to this Act.

Bonds and Securities entered into under the former Acts, to remain in Force until satisfied and paid.

Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlv.

Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Road mentioned and described in the said first recited Act be amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted and continued by the said Two first recited Acts be further continued; and it would be more convenient if the said Two first recited Acts were repealed, and other Powers and Provisions granted instead thereof; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Two first recited Acts, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and thaL this Act shall commence and take Effect in lieu and instead thereof, and shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually making, diverting, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road from Wrexham, in the said County of Denbigh, to Barnhill in the said County of Chester j and this Act, and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said Two first recited Acts, and also of such other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed by virtue of or become due on the Credit of the said last recited Act and this Act, or either of them, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Remedies, Matters, and Things in the said last recited Act contained, shall extend, and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend to this Act, in as full, large, and ample a Manner, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same respectively were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, save and except where the same are or any Part thereof is expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, and Securities, made or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with any of the Trustees for executing the said Two first recited Acts, according to the Provisions and Directions thereof respectively, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed; and all Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, and Securities, duly made or entered into by the Trustees for executing the said Acts hereby repealed, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees for executing this Act and the said last recited Act, and be observed and kept by them according to the Terms and Stipulations and Tenor thereof respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being acting for the said Counties of Denbigh and Chester respectively, together with Samuel Aldersey, Thomas Aldersey,

io the

959

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlv.

the Honourable Richard Grosvenor commonly called Lord Viscount Bel-grave, Roger Barnston, Harry Roger Barnston, John Boydell, James Boy-dell, Francis Edge Barker, Daniel Rowland Barker, Richard Buckley,

John Brassie, the Honourable Henry Cholmondeley commonly called Lord Henry Cholmondeley, Sir Foster Cunliffe Baronet, Foster Cunliffe, Robert Cunliffe, Charles Clarke, Thomas Chorlton Clutton, Thomas Crewe Dod,

William Wickham Drake Clerk, William Davenport, Roger Dutton,

Dow, Sir John Grey Egerton Baronet, Philip Egerton Clerk, John Edgworth, the Minister of Farndon for the Time being, George French, the Honourable Robert Grosvenor, ifogA Maxwell Goodwin, William Garnett Clerk, the Minister of Holt for the Time being, Francis James Hughes Doctor of Medicine, Townsend Ince, Townsend Ince the younger, Bell Ince, the Honourable Lloyd Kenyon, the Honourable Edward Kenyon,

George Kenyon, John Hur lesion Lee he, John La r den, Richard Myddleton Lloyd, William Lloyd, Richard Massie Clerk, Richard Massie the younger,

Edward Massie, Thomas Massie, Charles Mytton Clerk, Thomas Matthews, Samuel Newton, Sir Richard Puleston Baronet, Richard Puleston,

Francis Richard Price, Jasper Peck, Christopher Parkins Clerk, Henry Potts, Cadwallader Blayney Trevor Roper, Charles Blayney Trevor Roper,

William Richards, Charles Rowe, Sir John Thomas Stanley Baronet, &z-muel Sidebotham, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn Baronet, the Right Honourable Charles Watkin Williams Wynn, Henry Watkin Williams Wynn, the Vicar and Minister of Wrexham for the Time being, George Warrington Clerk, Joseph White, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for putting the said last recited Act and this Act in Execution.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Power toap-said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby point addi-authorized and empowered, at their First Meeting to be holden in pur- rrus" euance of the said last recited Act and this Act, to elect any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act and the said last recited Act, in addition to the Trustees

hereby and by the said last recited Act appointed; and such Trustees so elected, and being qualified according to the Directions of the said last recited Act and this Act, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this and the said last recited Act, as if they had been hereby nominated and appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of Trustees to acting as a Trustee for putting the said last recited Act and this Act in take an 0a*h Execution unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said last recited Act is directed and prescribed, and unless (being so qualified) he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last recited Act, and the Oath hereinafter mentioned) take and subscribe before any One or more of the said Trustees an Oath, or being a Quaker, an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following j (that is to say),

* t A.B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do affirm], That I will truly, Form of the

* honestly, and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, Oath.

* execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts re-

* posed in me as a Trustee, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth

‘Year

960

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xlv,

* Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, &c. [here insert the Title of this Act'], and also an Act passed in

* the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to

* amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads

* in that Part of Great Britain called England. So help me GOD.*

Which Oath or Affirmation any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said last recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by the said last recited Act and this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Acts and Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

First Meeting of the Trustees, and Power to appoint Officers.

Treasurer and Clerk not to be the same Person.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said Trustees shall be held at the House known by the Sign of The Raven, or at some other convenient Place in the Town of Farndon in the said County of Chester, on the Fourth Monday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be; at which Meeting the said Trustees shall and may proceed in the Execution of the said last recited Act and of this Act, and shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and a Clerk or Clerks, and also a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and of all the Monies to be collected, or which shall or may be due and payable under or by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act; and shall likewise appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and they the said Trustees shall and may from Time to Time remove all such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors and other Officers, or any of them, when and as often as they shall see occasion, and appoint others in their stead, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper; and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Tolls and other Monies to be collected and received under or by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, make such Allowance, by way of Salaries or otherwise, unto the Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers so to be appointed, for and in consideration of the Care and Pains by them respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who

961

4d GEORGII IV. Cap. ilv.

■who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor, and other Officer, (except the Treasurer) nominated and appointed under and by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or either of them, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees j and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and this Act, into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever as if he or they had been nominated or appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said Two first recited Acts, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the same Acts had not been repealed.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who have been employed, or who shall have received any Tolls or other Money by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or who shall have in their Custody or Possession any Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or Things relating to the said Road, shall account, pay, and deliver over the same to the said Trustees, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as is and are by the said last recited Act directed and indicted in respect to the several Persons receiving any Monies, or having the Possession of any Books, Writing, or other Things, by virtue of the said Act and this Act.

[Local.'] ii L

Old Officers may continue until others are appointed.

Books used under former Acts to be Evidence.

Officers under the former Acts to account to the Trustees for executing this Act.

962

Treasurers to make up their Accounts annually.

Power to continue the present Gates, or to erect others.

Power to sell the present Toll Houses.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.*lv.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the Monies arising by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, shall and he and they is and are hereby required to settle his or their Account or Accounts with the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, on the last Monday in the Month of September in every Year during the Continuance of this Act, in such Manner as is directed in and by the said last recited Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may continue the several Turnpike Gates which now stand across or on the Sides of the said Road, or from Time to Time remove the same or any of them, and set up and erect in lieu thereof, and in addition thereto, one or more Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the Road directed or authorized by this Act to be amended and repaired, as they the said Trustees may deem expedient j and may also set up and erect a Toll House to each such Turnpike, with suitable Conveniences thereto; and may also inclose from the said Road, or from any Common or Waste Land immediately adjoining such Toll Houses, convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses respectively, as they the said Trustees may judge proper, not exceeding in the whole One Eighth Part of a Statute Acre to or for each Toll House; and the said Trustees may cause all or any of such Turnpike Gates, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, and set up again, or altered, in such Place or Places across or on the said Road or on the Side or Sides thereof, as they shall judge proper.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed on the said Road to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xW. 963

XV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Tolls following Power to shall be demanded, taken, collected, and paid at the sever 1 and respect- lake Tol,s-ive Gates or Turnpikes which have been or shall hereafter be erected

in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road j (that is to say,)

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Carriage what- Tolls, soever, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said Tolls, and also the Tolls granted by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Tolls and other Application Monies to be collected and levied under or by virtue of the said last recited of Tolls.

Act and this Act, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, the said Trustees shall, after Payment of the Charges and Expences incurred in, about, and relating to the obtaining and passing

of this Act, defray the Expence and Charge of erecting and providing the Turnpikes, Toll Gates, and Toll Houses, and of repairing, widening, altering, turning, keeping in repair, and improving the said Road, and of executing the other Purposes of the said last recited Act and this Act, and apply the same to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Tolls to be shall be liable to pay Toll more than Once in the same Day, to be com- paid only puted from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the Once a Day. next succeeding Night, for passing or repassing with the same Horses,

Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages through all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates maintained and supported by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, but that ail and every Person and Persons, alter having paid Toll Once as aforesaid, and producing a Note or Ticket or Notes or Tickets denoting the Payment of such Toll, shall afterwards pass with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts and Carriages Toll-free during such Day, to be computed as aforesaid, through all and every the Gate and Gates, Turnpike and Turnpikes erected on the said Road, or across any Road or Way leading out of the same (except as herein-after mentioned), and all the respective Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver such Notes or Tickets gratis on Receipt of the Toll, in manner aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect stage of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Coaches, Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Caravans, Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been chaise* to pay paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turn- every Time of pike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repass- passing.

ing through such Toll Gate, in like manner as if no Toll had been before paid; and the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect

964

Trustees may contract for the making or repairing the Roads.

Houses, &c. not to be

Regulations as to the Performance of Statute Work.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.-Ay.

respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Road on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, diverting, widening, repairing, or otherwise improving the said Road or any Part thereof, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and that all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, Surveyor or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the same, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities hereby and by the said last recited Act given or granted, shall not extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Trustees, in repairing and widening the said Road, to take or pull down, injure or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in cr make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto in like manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the

Nature

4° GEORG1I IV. Cap. xU. 905

Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon, the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him.

Her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be round idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as In case of often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be Nonpayment paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions Mtion for*" of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Materials, Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for Damages’or [Local.'} II M any Injury done

966 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlv.

by the said any Materials or Costs, or for any Damages, Spoil or Injury of any Trustees,&c. Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or be6levied by anY Person or Pers°ns acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum

Distress of or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party

the Goods of or Parties entitled to receive the same within Five Days after Demand such Trustees in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice Treasurer or Justices from the Clerk to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a

Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the

Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby

authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such case such Overplus shall be returned, on Demand, to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the said Treasurer shall and may retain, out of any Monies which may come into his Hands in pursuance of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

Trustees not

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said last to repair the recited Act contained shall oblige or authorize the said Trustees to repair Streets in the any tke Streets in the Town of Wrexham, or any Part of the said Road Wrexham, nearer to the said Town of Wrexham than the first House at the Northeast End thereof, at present known by the Sign of The Cock.

For paying

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences the Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act shall be this Ac"* paid out of any Money already raised under or by virtue of the said Two first recited Acts, or out of the first Money to arise by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Public Act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and ment and take Effect from the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force, of this Ac"06 an^ executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for move effectually repairing the Road leading from the Botley Turnpike Road on Cur-dridge Common in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, to the Gosport Turnpike Road at or near Filmer Hill in the Parish of Westmeon, with a Branch from the said Road on Corhampton Down to the Village of Corhampton, all in the County of Southampton.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for leaking and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road 41 G. 3. c. 8. from the Botley Turnpike Road on Curdridge Common in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, to join the Gosport Turnpike Road at or near Filmer Hill in the Parish of Westmeon, with a Branch from the said Road on Corhampton Down to the Village of Corhampton, all in the County of Southampton: And whereas considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Act, which still remain due; and such Sums of Money cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be properly amended and kept in repair, unless the Term of the said Act be extended, and further Powers and Provisions made for tho.ie Purposes: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating 3G.4.C. 126. Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of [Local.] 11 N the

970 4° GEORGII IV. C^.xlvi.

the Reign of His said late Majesty should be repealed, and that other Provisions should be made in lieu thereof: May it therefore please Tour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament as-41 G. 3. C. 8. sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the repealed. Second Thursday next after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty shall be and the same is hereby repealed and made void; and that this Act, and the Tolls, Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things herein contained, shall from thenceforth be applied and put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for making, amending, widening, improving and keeping in repair the said Turnpike Road leading from the Botley Turnpike Road on Curdridge Common in the Par ish of Bishops Waltham, to the Gosport Turnpike Road at or near Filmer Hill in the Parish of Westmeon, with a Branch from the said Road on Corhampton Down to the Village of Corhampton, all in the County of Southampton; and that the same be called " The London and Southampton Turnpike Road through " Bishops Waltham."

Act secured by this Act.

Provisions of

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the 3G.4. to ex- Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the tend to this powerS) Provisions, Exemptions, Matters and Things therein contained Ac ' (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act), shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

Debts and

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and Tolls Credits under hereby granted, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be subject the former and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money, Debts, and Demands now due and owing on the Credit or Security of the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of His late Majesty's Reign hereby repealed, and all Interest due and to grow due on any of them respectively; and all and every Person and Persons owing any Sum of Money to the Trustees for executing the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, shall be liable to the Payment thereof to the Trustees of the same Road hereby appointed or authorized to be appointed; and all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts and Securities entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees of the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty* shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed on account of and for the Benefit of the Trustees under this Act; and all Lettings of Tolls, Orders, Contracts, and Agreements, made and entered into by the Trustees of the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, shall, so far as the same are not altered or avoided by the said General Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees of the same Road, appointed or to be appointed by this Act, according to the Stipulations thereof respectively, the Repeal of the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

7

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvi. 971

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Proceedings of the Books of Trustees in the Execution of the said former Act, provided according to U^0I!^ the Directions or Provisions thereof, and thereby made Evidence, shall ma(ie and may be read in Evidence in alt Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits, Evidence. Actions, Controversies, or Disputes, touching any thing done by virtue

or in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, or in anywise relating thereto.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons herein-after Trustees ap-named, (that is to say), all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for pointed, the County of Southampton, Henry Atkins Clerk, Augustus Atkins, John

Atkins, John Aylward of Exton, John Baynes Clerk, Matthew Barton Bradby, Thomas Butler, John Barney, George Chandler Clerk, William Chute, William Chamberlayne, Edward Griffith Colpoys, Richard Cowdrji James Crabb, J G Crabb, John Carter, John Dampier Clerk,

James Dott, Sir William Champion De Crespigny Baronet, Ezekiel Donniger,

Henry Eyre, Thomas Fox, John Fleming, William Grant, William Gamier Clerk, William Gamier the younger, Thomas Gamier Clerk, Honourable William Gage, John Gage, William Hall Gage, John Guitton, Sir Thomas Freeman Heathcote Baronet, Honourable Alfred Harris Clerk,

John Haygarth Clerk, George Purefoy Jervoise, Edward Knight the younger,

Sir James Kempt, Hugh Perry Keane, Walter Long, Charles Shaw Lefevre,

Francis Lys, John Ingram Lockhart, Thomas Lewin, William Lynne, Richard Hume Lancaster, Martin Maddison, William Woodrow Maidman, Henry Minchin, Henry James Bunbury Mine bin, Thomas Osborne, James Ogle Clerk,

Edmund Poulter Clerk, John Poulter, George Collins Poore, Joseph Paddon,

George Parsons, Thomas Roger Ridge, Right Honourable Sir George Henry Rose Baronet, Edward Jervoise Ridge, Mark Robinson, Jonathan Stackhouse Rashleigh Clerk, Hans Sloane, William Stackpoole, Henry Hanson Simpson,

Thomas Stares, Thomas Hobbes Scott, George Francis Seymour, Alexander Shearer, John Goolding Seymour, John Scott, Sir Henry Joseph Tichborne Baronet, Samuel Silver Taylor, William Tinling, Thomas Thistlethwayte,

Charles Walters Clerk, Sir Thomas Williams, George Waring, William Waring Clerk, Wadham Wyndham, Sir Joseph Sidney Torke, and Right Honourable Charles Tirke, together with such other Persons (not exceeding the Number of Five) as the said Trustees shall at their First or any subsequent Meeting nominate in that behalf, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, widening, improving, keeping in Repair, and for the Care and Management of the said Road and Branch herein-before described, and for carrying into Execution the several Powers, Purposes, and Trusts of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Meetings of House of John Artheridge, known by the Sign of The Crown, in Bishops Trustees. Waltham aforesaid, or at some other convenient House in the Neighbourhood. on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, or as soon after

as conveniently may be, and shall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and the said Trustees shall then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to meet at the same House, or at some other House near some Part of the said Roads, and at such Times as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct (provided that no Adjournment shall be made for a longer Time than Three Calendar Months); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act there shall not appeaT a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to

adjourn

972 4* GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvi.

adjourn to another Day, or in case the Trustees at any Meeting assembled shall not adjourn themselves, the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Roads shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, by Notice in Writing to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected across the said Roads, and also to be inserted in One or more of the Newspapers published or generally circulated in the said County of Southampton, at least Seven Days before the next intended Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to have been holden, or at any other Place near any Part of the said Roads, on the Day Three Weeks after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed.

Trustees to

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person hereby appointed, or be sworn. who shall hereafter be chosen or appointed a Trustee for the said Road, shall be qualified or capable of becoming and acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after set forth) until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath, or (being one of the People called Quakers') the Affirmation following, before any One or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to administer the same, in the Words or to the Effect following $ (that is to say),

‘ T do swear, [or, being one of the People called

* Quakers, do solemnly affirm]. That I will truly, faithfully, and f impartially act in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers reposed in me

* by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here insert the Title

* of this Act I] So help me GOD.

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words, ‘ So help me God/] And if any Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster: Provided always, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the Oath or Affirmation by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken and subscribed such Oath or Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

Old Officer* to continue until new one* appointed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor, and other Officer and Officers (save and except the Treasurer) nominated and appointed under and by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed, shall hold or enjoy their respective Offices and Employments until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees; and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and.

Regulations,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvi. 973

Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he or they had been nominated or appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any of their Power to ap-Meetings, by Writing under their Hands, shall and may from Time to point Offi-Time appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or cers; Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads,

and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary j and may from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Removal of any such Officer or Officers, may appoint others in their Stead; but Ten Days Notice shall be given of every Meeting where any such Appointment shall be made, of the Intention of making such Appointment, by affixing such Notice on all the Gates then erected on the said Road; and the said Trustees shall and may and are hereby and to allow authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue Salanes-of this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers, and also to other Persons employed, and who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Service in and about the carrying of this Act into Execution, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to coc-Trustees, if they shall think proper (subject to the Provisions herein-after tinuc present contained), to continue all and every or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates and Toll Houses now standing and being in and upon or across others, the said Road or on the Sides thereof, and also to erect, set up, and build upon, in, and across the said Road or any Part thereof, or upon or across the Entrance to any public Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same or any Part thereof, when, where, and as they shall judge necessary, any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Sidebar or Sidebars, Chain or Chains,

[Local.'] 11 0 Weighing

Clerk not to act as Treasurer, and vice vers

974 4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xlvi.

Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, Toll House or Toll Houses, with Outbuildings and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Toll Gate or Weighing Machine, and to take in and inclose oil the Sides of the said Road suitable Parcels of Land for Gardens for such Toll House or Toll Houses, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre each, as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to take down and remove or to alter and discontinue the same, or any of them, as the said Trustees respectively shall think proper, and direct or appoint.

Power to re-

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be move Toll lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time, when and so often as Gate*‘ they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall have been erected in, upon, or across, or on the Sides of the Road by this Act authorized to be repaired and maintained, or any of them, to be removed to and erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side of such otheT Part or Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct; but none of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes shall be removed as aforesaid, unless Seven Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove the same shall have been affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected across the same Road, and inserted in some Newspaper published in the said County of Southampton.

Power to sell

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said the present Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses Toll Houses. erected by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed on the said Roads to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, where they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

Power to

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing ot t*ke Tolls, this Act it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed or continued, or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take the several Tolls following at the several Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or Side Bars or Gates or Chains, o which

975

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.*lvi.

which are or shall be standing and being or continued or erected by virtue of this Act in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road, or any Part thereof; (that is to say),

For each and every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Tolls. Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Curricle, Calash, Hearse, or other such Carriage, not being a Stage Coach, Machine, Caravan or Diligence, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For each and every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Stage Coach, Machine, Caravan, or Diligence, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Sixpence per Score, and so on in proportion for a greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Three-pence per Score, and so in proportion for a greater or less Number:

For each and every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches or upwards, and rolling a Surface of that Breadth so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and drawn by Eight or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence; and drawn by Six or Seven Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence Halfpenny; and drawn by Four or Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five-pence; and drawn by Two or Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For each and every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Twowheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches or upwards, and rolling a Surface of that Breadth so flat as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, the Sum of Three-pence:

For each and every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches and under Nine Inches, and rolling a flat or level Surface of that Breadth, and drawn by Six or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Four or Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five-pence; and drawn by One, Two, or Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For each and every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Twowheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches and under Nine Inches, and rolling a flat or level Surface of that Breadth, and drawn by Five or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; and drawn by One, Two, Three, or Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For each and every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or

~ ' ' Gauge

976

Tolls to be paid but Once a Day.

Number ot Toils limited.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xhi.

Gauge than Six Inches, and drawn at any Time between the First Day of April and the First Day of November in each Year, by Four or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five-pence; by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny, and by One Horse, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For each and every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Twowheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, and drawn at any Time between the First Day of April and the First Day of November in each Year by Four or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five-pence; by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five-pence; and by One Horse, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Four Pence: And

For each and every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, and drawn at any Time between the First Day of November and the First Day of April then next following, by Four or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Ten-pence Halfpenny; and by One, Two, or Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For each and every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, and drawn at any Time between the First Day of November and the First Day of April then next following, by Four or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny; and by One, Two, or Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay Toll more than Once at any one Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, for passing and repassing any Time or Times in any one Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night,) with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts and Carriages, through the same Toll Gate or Turnpike, (except as herein-after is excepted), but that all and every Person and Persons having paid Toll Once as aforesaid, and producing a Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll (which Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll), shall afterwards pass and repass with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages Toll-free, during the same Day, through the same Toll Gate or Turnpike where such Toll was paid, except such Carriages as shall be laden with Cppper, Iron, Lead, Coals, Cinders, Lime or Stones, which shall not pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike oftener than Twice in the same Day, without again paying the Toll by this Act imposed.

XVI. Provided always, That no more than Three Tolls shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons for passing and repassing the same Day, with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages, through all the

Toll

977

4* GEORGII IV. Cap *Ivi.

Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act; and that all and every Person and Persons having paid the said Tolls, and producing a Ticket or Tickets denoting the Payment thereof, (which Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on the Receipt of such Toll,) shall pass and repass with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts and Carriages Toll-free, during such Day, through all other the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected on the said Roads.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to put up, or cause to be put up, and afterwards to be continued, at every Toll Gate erected or continued by virtue of this Act, a Table painted in distinct and legible Black Letters on a Board with a White Ground, containing at the Top thereof the Name of the Gate at which the same shall be put up, and also a List of all the Tolls payable at every such Gate, distinguishing the several Tolls, and the different Sorts of Carriages for which they are to be paid, where there shall be any Variation therein; and also a List of the several Gates which shall be wholly or partially cleared by the Payment of Toll at the Toll Gate or Bar where such Table of Tolls shall be affixed; and the said Trustees shall also provide Tickets denoting the Payment of Toll, and on such several Tickets shall be specified the Name of the Gate at which the same respectively shall be delivered, and also the Names of the several Gates freed by such Payment, one of which Tickets shall be delivered gratis to the Person paying the Toll; and on the Production of such Ticket at any Gate or Gates therein mentioned as being cleared as aforesaid by the Payment of the Toll at the Gate where such Ticket was delivered, the Person producing the same shall pass through the Gate or Gates therein mentioned without paying any further or additional Toll.

XVIII. Provided, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or other Cattle drawing any Stage Coach, Van, Caravan, or Stage Waggon, or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay or Reward, every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads; and also for and in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Roads, upon every Time of a new Hiring of such Post Chaise or other Carriage, on a Ticket being produced denoting a fresh Hiring.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That none of the Exemptions granted or allowed by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall extend or be construed to extend to or include any Carriages laden with Chalk, or the Horse or Horses drawing the same, which shall pass on the said Road or Branch above the Distance of One Mile, nor to any Carriages so laden having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches.

XX. And whereas there is a certain Lane or Bye-way leading from the said Road at the Bottom of Gallow Down, and there is also another Lane or Bye-way leading from Dundridge Lane towards a Highway which joins the said Road near to Northbrook, by means of which said Two Lanes or Bye-ways the Tolls hereby granted may frequently be evaded, and it is therefore expedient that the same should be discontinued as Public Roads or Highways, which may be done without Inconvenience to the Public;

{Local,'] 11 P be

Trustees to put up a Table of the Tolls.

Stage

Coaches and Post Chaises to pay every Time.

Limitation as to Exemptions.

For stopping up certain Lanes.

m 4° GEORGII IV. Cwjtf.xlvi.

be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to stop up and discontinue the said Two Lanes or Bye-ways as Public Roads, when and so often and for so long a Time as they shall think necessary, for preventing the Tolls hereby granted being evaded, subject nevertheless at all Times to a free Passage and Right of Way to and for the Owners and Occupiers of the adjoining Lands and Tenements and others, to and from such Lands and Tenements, with Horses, Cattle, Carts and Carriages: Provided that neither of such Lanes or Bye-ways be stopped up or discontinued without the Order and Concurrence of Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the District in which the same Lanes or Bye-ways are respectively situated, and not interested in the Repair thereof, which Order shall be subject to Appeal to the Quarter Sessions in like Manner as if the same Order had been made by such Justices; and also subject to the Regulations and Directions contained in an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the <55 G. 3.C. 68. Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Tear of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public High-•ways, so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or di* vesting a public Highway, and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the stopping up of unnecessary Roads.

Trustees re-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained 8Seddown aut^or'ze or empower the said Trustees, in repairing, widening, and Houses. °Wn improving the said Roads, or either of them, to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Part thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained for that Purpose.

Statute

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are

Labour. or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards the repairing and amending said Road and Branch, shall be and remain liable thereto in like Manner in every respect as they now are or have heretofore been; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices; of the Peace in and for the said County of Southampton, and they are hereby required and empowered, from Time to Time, upon Application made to them by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor of the said Road, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, and Places in or through which the said Road and Branch do or shall lie, lead, or pass; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said. Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in a List before the said Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons,) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which List of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and 10 Restrictions

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xWi. 979

Restrictions as is or are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such List the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road and Branch, asthesaid Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts o! the said Road and Branch as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shah from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes,

Townships, or Places respectively, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid,

(after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees,) shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams,

Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable, to by any Law or Statute now in force or effect for Repairs of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on any Part of the said Road or Branch, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road or Branch j all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which have Application arisen and been produced by the said recited Act hereby repealed, and of the are now remaining in the Hands of the said Trustees or their Treasurer, Money. and all Monies which shall arise and be produced from the Tolls by this Act granted, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following j (that is to say,) in the First Place, in Payment of the

Costs,

980

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvi.

Costs, Charges, and Expences of preparing and passing this Act j in the Second Place, in paying the Salaries and Wages of all Officers and other Persons employed by the Trustees in the Execution of this Act; in the Third Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be due and owing on the several Mortgages and Securities of the Tolls granted by this Act; in the Fourth Place, in defraying the Expences of repairing, widening, and altering the said Roads, and of executing the several other Powers and Purposes of this Act; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging the several principal Sums last aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Tmie being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case the Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case tnay be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Sums, Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall pay or be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

[Public Act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

of ActnUanCCXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on ° C' the Second Thursday next after the passing of this Act, and shall continue in force for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress on the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

An Act for repairing and improving divers Roads in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, comprised in Three Districts, called the Eccleshall, Newport, and Wailing Street District, the Newcastle and Eccleshall District, and the Hilton and Honning-

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better amending and the

ing from a certain Stone which divides the Liber J ton and Ellen-hall in the County of Stafford, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road near Newport in the County of Salop, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford j by which Act Trustees were appointed and Provisions were made for the Support and Repair of the Road leading from a Stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and Ellenhall, in the Road leading from Bridgford through Sutton, in the said County of Stafford, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road near Newport aforesaid; and also for the Support and Repair of a Road leading from a certain Part Qf the said before-mentioned Road between Bridgford and Newport, at or near a Place called Weston Wood, over WoocTs Eves Common, and through the Town of Eccleshall, to the further or North-east Side of Cotes Heath, in the said County of Stafford; and also for the Support and Repair of a Road leading from Newport aforesaid, through Donnington, to a House called The Buck's Head, at Wailing Street, near Wellington, in the said County of

Cap. xlvii.

ton District.

Q

Salop;

982

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. xWu.

Salop; and likewise for the Support and Repair of the Road branching out of the last-mentioned Road, and leading from a House formerly known by the Sign of The Harp, through Brockton and Edgmond, to the said Whitchurch Turnpike Road at Chetwynd, in the said County of Salop : And whereas the Trustees appointed by or under the Authority of the said recited Act have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and have borrowed the Principal Sum of One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds on Mortgage upon the Credit of the Roads mentioned in the same Act, and of the Tolls granted thereby, which Principal Sum now remains due and owing; and the Roads mentioned in the said recited Act cannot be effectually maintained and improved, nor can the said Debt be repaid, or the Interest thereon discharged, unless the Term granted by the said Act be extended, and the Powers and Provisions of the said Act be altered, amended, and enlarged : And whereas Two several Portions of One of the Roads before mentioned, between the said Town of Eccleshall and Cotes Heath aforesaid, and which Parts lie in the several Townships of Slindon and Mill Meece in the Parish of Eccleshall aforesaid, are very narrow, circuitous, and inconvenient, and it would be of public Utility to divert the Lines of the last-mentioned Portions of the said Roads: And whereas the Road leading from the Termination of One of the Roads mentioned in the said recited Act, at the North-east Side of Cotes Heath aforesaid, to the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme in the said County of Stafford, is narrow, ruinous, and circuitous, and it would be of great Convenience and Advantage, not only to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the neighbouring Estates, but also to the Public at large, to improve Part of the Line of such Road, and to constitute and maintain the same Road as a Turnpike Road : And whereas it would be both of local and public Convenience and Utility, that Powers should be likewise granted for making and repairing as a Turnpike Road, a Road leading out of One of the Roads comprised in the said recited Act at Honnington Grange in the Parish of Lilleshall in the said County of Salop, to the Newport and Shiffnall Turnpike Road in the Township of Hilton and Parish of Sheriffhales in the said County of Stafford: And whereas all the Roads herein-before mentioned may be more effectually and conveniently managed and maintained by dividing the same into Three several Districts, as herein-after mentioned : And whereas an Act was passed in 3 G.4.C.I26. the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : And whereas it would facilitate the Execution of the Purposes aforesaid if the Powers of the said first recited Act were repealed, and further Provisions made for the Repair of the said Roads: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Recited Act Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of 25G. 3. C. 44. the same. That on the Fourth Tuesday next after the passing of this Act repealed. the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third shall be and the same is hereby declared to be repealed; and that this Act shall then commence and take effect and be put in Execution for and during the Term and in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

to

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvii. 983

II. And be it further enacted, That the Road leading from the afore- district °* said Stone, which divides the Liberties of Ranton and Ellenhall aforesaid, ca°igdy°clees_ through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road near Newport aforesaid; jmuj jjew-and also the Road leading out of the said before-mentioned Road, over port, and Wood's Eves Common to the Stafford Turnpike Road in the Town of Wading Eccleshall aforesaid; and also the Road from Newport aforesaid, through ^et IS' Donnington, to a House called The Buck's Head at Watling Street near Wellington aforesaid j and the Road branching out of the said last-mentioned Road, at a House formerly known by the Sign of The Harp,

through Brocton and Edgmond, to the said Whitchurch Turnpike Road at Chetwynd aforesaid (all of which Roads are Parcel of the Roads which were comprehended in the said first recited Act), shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be formed into and constitute a District of Roads to be hereafter called The Eccleshall, Newport, and Walling Street District; and that the remaining Road which was comprehended in the District of said first recited Act, being the Road which extends from the Stafford R°ads to be Turnpike Road in the Town of Eccleshall aforesaid, to the North-east Side of Cotes Heath aforesaid, together with the additional Road herein- ECCies|,aii after mentioned; that is to say, the Road leading from the said North- District, east Side of Cotes Heath aforesaid, to the Trentham and Stableford Turnpike Road, adjacent to Trentham Park, and from the said last-mentioned Turnpike Road at Hanchurch Brook, through the Village of Clayton and the Clayton Field, to certain Parts of the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme aforesaid, so as to form Communications there with the Newcastle and Nantwich Turnpike Road, and with the London and Liverpool Turnpike Road, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be formed into and constitute a District of Roads, to be hereafter called The Newcastle and Eccleshall District; and that the before-mentioned Road leading District of from Honnington Grange, in the Parish of Lilies hall aforesaid, to the New- Roads to be port and Shiffnall Turnpike Road, in the Township of Hilton and Parish an^Hon-10" of Sheriffhales aforesaid, shall, from and after the Commencement of this nington Act, be formed into and constitute a District of Roads, to be hereafter District, called The Hilton and Honnington District.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provi- Powers of sions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, the General and Things contained in the said last recited Act passed in the Third Jj'£ £,ct Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (save and except such Parts thj3 Act. thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act), shall be

as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees ap-Peace acting for the several Counties of Stafford and Salop, or either of pointed for them, for the Time being, together with the Right Honourable George Eccleshall, Granville Leveson Gower commonly called Earl Gower, the Right Ho- yya^|,t,an nourable George Augustus Frederick Henry Bridgeman commonly called Street Dis-Lord Viscount Newport, the Right Honourable Francis Leveson Gower trict. commonly called Lord Francis Leveson Gower, the Honourable George

Anson, Sir John Fenton Boughey Baronet, Sir George Anson Knight, Sir William Anson Knight, John Chappel Woodhouse Doctor in Divinity, William Addison, Ralph Aston, John Astbury, Richard Ash, Thomas Adams, Thomas Fletcher Fenton Boughey, John Fenton Fletcher Boughey, George Fenton Fletcher

984

4° GEORGII IV. Cffljo.xlvii.

cher Boughey, Hugh Booth, Henry Stephens Belcombe Doctor of Physic, Thomas Stonebewer Bright Clerk, Thomas Butt Clerk, Charles Horsfall Bill, John Blunt Clerk, Richard Beech, William Blest, Thomas Borrough, George Bishton, John Buckley, John Bridgen, Joseph Boycott, Thomas Bad-deley, Thomas Bernard Baddeley, Ambrose Brookes, Thomas Boultbee, Thomas Blakemore, Thomas Blakemore the younger, William Briscoe, Timothy Blen-man, Thomas Bayley, Thomas Botfield, William Botfield, John Cotes, Charles Grey Cotes, William Lacon Childe, William Cludde, Thomas Jukes Collier, William Collier, Henry Crockett, John Murhall Crockett, George Crockett, Edward Scott Dickenson Clerk, John Horatio Dickenson Clerk, Thomas Dickenson, Robert Dean Clerk, Thomas Derrington, William Derrington, John Duncalfe, Thomas Eyton, Francis Eld, Francis Eld the younger, George Wood Eaton, Thomas Fitzherbert, John Fitzherbert, George Fitzher-bert, Francis Fitzherbert, Robert Fisher, Henry Green, Rowland Hill, James Hadderton, George Hadderton, Richard Clarke Hill, Sambroke Higgins Clerk, Robert Higgins, Corbet Howard, William Jellicoe, Swynfen Jervis, John James, George Jackson, George Jellicoe, John Kite, Edward John Lit-tleton, Ralph Leeke, James Loch, Thomas Lecke, Ralph Harvey Leeke Clerk, William Lewis, James Cornwallis Manti, William Moore, Joh?i Marsh, Richard Mountford, Charles Morris, John Morris, Edward Meredith Clerk, Matthew Mountford, Arthur Mountford, William Masefield, Richard Masefield, William Bewley Meek, Henry Moore Clerk, Francis Hickin Northen Doctor of Physic, John Nicholls, Robert Outlaw Clerk, William Otter Clerk, John Dryden Pigott Clerk, John Cressett Pelham, Thomas Parsons, Thomas Parsons the younger, Ralph Palin Doctor of Physic, William Phillips, William Penson, John Ravenshaw, John Rylands, Peter Rasbotham, Thomas Swinnerton, John Stevenson Salt, William Simkin, Joseph Skitt, Thomas Skitt, Moses Mitchell Silvester, William Silvester, John Stanley, William Smith, John Thomas, Richard Taylor, John Tunni-cliff, Thomas Walker Clerk, and Peter Whitmore, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for maintaining, improving, and keeping in repair the said District of Roads called the Eccleshall Trustees a - Newport, and Watling Street District, and for otherwise putting this Act poiiuedSfor>" into execution, so far as regards the same District only; and that all His Newcastle Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Stafford for the and Eccles- Time being, together with the Right Honourable Henry Charles Howard hall District. commoniy called Earl of Surrey, the Right Honourable George Granville Leveson Gower commonly called Earl Gower, the Right Honourable Richard Grosvenor commonly called Lord Viscount Belgrave, the Right Honourable Francis Leveson Gower commonly called Lord Francis Leveson Gower, the Honourable William Jervis Ricketts, the Honourable John Edward Ricketts, the Honourable George Anson, Sir John Fenton Boughey Baronet, John Chappel Woodhouse Doctor in Divinity, Joseph Adams, Benjamin Adams Clerk, William. Addison, Ralph Adderley, John Anderton Clerk, Lawrence Armitstead, John Astbury Doctor of Physic, John Ast-bury, James Astbury, John Aston, Ralph Aston, Isaac Aston, William Bagot, Samuel BagshaW, William Baker, John Ball, Thomas Barnford, John Birch Basnett Clerk, Richard Beech, Henry Stephens Belcombe Doctor of Physic, William Bent, Rowland Bent, Richard Bent Doctor of Physic, John Bent, William Blest, John Blunt Clerk, Charles Horsfall Bill, John Bill, Hugh Booth, Thomas Fletcher Fenton Boughey, John Fenton Fletcher Boughey, George Fenton Fletcher Boughey, Ralph Bourne, Thomas Butt Clerk, Thomas Stone-hewer Bright Clerk, Joseph Booth, James Caldwell, James Stamford Caldwell,

985

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvii.

well, George Chetwynd, Baddeley Childs Ralph Clews, Bernard Goombe,

John Cotes, Charles Grey Cotes, Walter Hill Coyney, Walter Weston Coyney,

John Murball Crockett, JWm Davenport, John Davenport the younger,

Henry Davenport, George Wood Eaton, Francis Eld, Francis Eld the younger, Ja/jw Fenton Clerk, Thomas Fenton, Robert Fenton, Thomas

Fenton, George Fitchett, Thomas Fitzherbert, John Fitzherbert, George Fitzherbert, Francis Fitzherbert, Richard Sutton Ford, John Gardner,

Samuel Glover, George Hadderton, James Hadderton, John Hadderton,

Charles Hassells, Charles Stephen Hassells, Richard Edensor Heathcote,

Samuel Henshall, William Henshall, Sambroke Higgins Clerk,

William Hill, Robert Hill, Richard Clarke Hill, Robert Hill, William Holland, William Hyatt, George Jackson, Swynfen Jervis, Terrick Jones, John Kirkham, William Shepherd Kinnersly, Thomas Kinnersly, Edward Kinnersley, James Leech, Clement Leigh Clerk, William Lewis, Edward John Littleton, James Loch, Ralph Leeke, Edward Mainwarmg,

Charles Mainwaring, James Mainwaring Clerk, James Cornwallis Mann,

Matthew Mare, John Marsh, Samuel Mayer, Samuel Mayer the younger,

William Bewley Meek, Thomas Minton, Thomas Webb Minton, William Moore, Henry Moore Clerk, John Nicholls, William Nickisson, John Nick-isson, Francis Hickin Northen Doctor of Physic, Thomas Hawe Parker,

John Phillips, John Eldershaw Phillips, Thomas Phillips, James Poole, Peter Rasbotham, John Robison, Spencer Rogers, John Stevenson Salt, William Simkin, John Smith of Fenton, John Smith of Springfield, Robert Smith,

James Smith, John Gabriel Smith, Walter Sneyd, Ralph Sneyd, Thomas Sparrow, Josiah Spade, Josiah Spode the younger, Jacob Stanley, William Swift,

Thomas Swinnerton, George Toilet, John Thomas, John Tomlinson, John Wickes Tomlinson, Frederick Wright Tomlinson, John Turner, Thomas Twem-low, Francis Twemlow, Charles John Kemeys Tynte, John Tunniclijf\ John Whalley Clerk, Daniel Whallcy, John Whalley the younger, Peter Walthall,

Peter Walthall Clerk, Thomas Walthall, Thomas Walker Clerk, Thomas Ward, Josiah Wedgwood, Josiah Wedgwood the younger, Charles Wicksted,

Robert Williamson, Hugh Henshall Williamson, William Tates and John Tates, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for maintaining, improving, and keeping in repair the said District of Roads called The Newcastle and Eccleshall District, and for otherwise putting this Act into Execution, so far as regards the said last-mentioned District only j and that all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the said Trustees ap-several Counties of Stafford and Salop, or either of them, for the Time pointed for being, together with the Right Honourable Henry Charles Howard com- and monly called Earl of Surrey, the Right Honourable George Granville District^ft0M Leveson Gower commonly called Earl Gower, the Right Honourable Richard Grosvenor commonly called Lord Viscount Belgrave, the Right Honourable George Augustus Frederick Henry Bridgeman commonly called Lord Viscount Newport, the Right Honourable Francis Leveson Gower commonly called Lord Francis Leveson Gower, Sir John Fenton Boughey Baronet, John Chappel Woodhouse Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Adams,

Thomas Bayley, Thomas Baddeley, Thomas Bernard Baddeley, George Bishton, John Blunt Clerk, Thomas Botfield, William Botfield, Thomas Fletcher Fenton Boughey, John Fenton Fletcher Boughey, George Fenton Fletcher Boughey, Thomas Boult bee, Joseph Boycott, John Bridgen, Thomas Stone-hewer Bright Clerk, William Briscoe, Thomas Butt Clerk, Ambrose Brookes,

Thomas Borrough, William Lacon Childe, William Cludde, Thomas Jukes Collier, John Cotes, Charles Grey Cotes, Henry Crockett, John Murball Crockett, George Crockett, Robert Dean Clerk, Thomas Dickenson, Thomas [Local,] ii R Eyton,

986

Power to appoint Five additional Trustees in each District.

Trustees to take an Oath

for acting; impartially.

Oath.

Penalty for acting without having taken such Oath.

4° GEORGII IV. Cup.xlvii.

Eyton, Robert Fisher, Henry Green, Rowland Hill, Corbet Howard, George Jellicoe, William JeUicoe, John Kite, Ralph Leeke, Thomas Leeke, Ralph Harvey Leeke Clerk, Edward John Littleton, James Loch, William Lewis, Charles Morris, John Morris, Richard Mountford, John Cressett Pelham, John Dryden Pigott Clerk, John Ravenshaw, Moses Mitchell Silvester, William Silvester, Thomas Skitt, Joseph Skitt, Richard Taylor, Henry William, and Peter Whitmore, and their Successors shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, improving, and keeping in repair the said District of Roads called The Hilton and Honnington District, and for otherwise putting this Act into Execution, so far as regards the said last-mentioned District only.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, acting under the Authority of this Act, for the said several Districts of Road herein-before mentioned and they are hereby respectively empowered in their said several Districts from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect and appoint any Number of Persons to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, so far as regards the said several Districts respectively, in addition to the several Numbers of Trustees herein-before appointed for such Districts, but not exceeding the Number of Five additional Trustees for each of the said Districts.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for any of the Purposes of this Act (save as to the signing of any Notice for convening any Meeting of Trustees, and as to the administering or receiving of the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned) until, at some Meeting of the Trustees for the District in respect of which he shall have been appointed a Trustee, he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath, or being One of the People called Quakers, shall have made and subscribed the Affirmation herein-after mentioned, before any Two or more of the Trustees of the same District, who are hereby empowered to administer or receive such Oath or Affirmation, in the Words following; (that is to say),

‘ T do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers,

‘ do solemnly affirm], That 1 will faithfully and impartially according ‘ to the best of my Judgment, act in the Execution and Performance of ‘ the several Trusts and Powers reposed in me as a Trustee, by virtue of ‘ an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King ‘ George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act].

'So help me GOD.’

[Or, in the Case of a Quaker, omit the Words, ‘ So help me GOD.’] And if any Person not having taken and subscribed the Oath herein-before mentioned, or being a Quaker not having made and subscribed the Affirmation herein-before mentioned, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, (save only in the Cases before mentioned and excepted), every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be i o allowed;

987

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xWn.

allowed; and the Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he has taken or made and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation in the Manner aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Prosecutor than Proof of such Person having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such disqualified Person previously to his being convicted of the Offence, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had duly conformed to the Provisions of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the said First Meet-Eccleshall, Newport, and Watting Street District, shall hold their First >»g of Trus-Meeting at the Red Lion Im, or some other convenient Place in Newport aforesaid, upon the Fourth Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, or trjcts. as soon after as may be convenient; and that the Trustees of the said Newcastle and Eccleshall District shall hold their First Meeting at the Public Office, or some other convenient Place in Newcastle-under-Lyme aforesaid, upon the Fourth Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as may be convenient; and that the Trustees of the said Hilton and Honnington District shall hold their First Meeting at the Red Lion Inn, or some other convenient Place in Newport aforesaid, upon the Fourth Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as may be convenient; and that the said Trustees acting for the said several Districts shall and may at such their several Meetings to be held by virtue of this Act, proceed to execute the Powers and Provisions of this Act, in reference to their said several Districts respectively; and shall and may from Time to Time adjourn to and meet at such Times and such Places (not exceeding the Distance of Four Miles from their respective Districts) as they shall respectively think proper, for putting the Powers and Provisions of this Act into further Execution; and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act or the said last recited Act given to, and all the Matters and Things by this Act or the said last recited Act directed or authorized to be done by the said Trustees, shall and may be executed and done by or before the Majority of the Trustees assembled at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, the whole Number present not being less i»ovverK of the than Three, and the same shall be of as full Force and Effect as if exe- Act may be cuted or done by or before all the Trustees for executing this Act (except executed by in such Cases where any such Power, Authority, Matter, or Thing is by s

this Act, or the said last recited Act, particularly directed or authorized tees at yj^CL_ to be executed or done by any other Number of Trustees, or in any ings. other Manner); and at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, a Chairman shall or may be appointed; and in all Cases where there shall be an Equality of Votes upon any Question, (including the Vote of the Chairman) such Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote; and all Orders made under the Powers and Provisions of this Act, or of No 0rilw the said last recited Act, may be revoked or altered if Occasion shall be revoked require, provided that no such Order shall be revoked or altered, unless Five except at some Meeting where not less than Five Trustees shall be present, Trustees Pre-nor unless the Majority of the Trustees so present shall concur in such Sor'p.irt Revocation or Alteration, nor unless Three or more Trustees, although concur, not assembled at a Meeting, shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk under their Hands, and also cause Notice to be inserted in some public

News.

988

Adjourn-

ments.

Meetings c Emergen-

Appointment of Officers.

4° GEORGII IV. Cop.xlvii.

Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Stafford, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the said Roads, specifying that such Revocation or Alteration is intended to be moved for, Ten Days at least previous to any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall not appear at any Time and Place appointed for a Meeting of the Trustees of any of the said Districts, a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act, then the Trustees or Trustee appearing at such Time and Place shall and they and he are and is hereby respectively authorized to adjourn the Meeting to the Place where the same was appointed to have been held, and to such Time as they or he shall think fit, not being more than Fourteen Days nor sooner than Seven Days from the Day on which such Adjournment shall be made; and in case it shall at any Time happen that no proper Adjournment shall have been made of any Meeting or intended Meeting of the said Trustees, then and so often it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the Trustees, acting for the District wherein-' such Case shall occur, or for any Two or more of the Trustees acting for the same District (although not assembled at a Meeting) to convene a General Meeting of the Trustees of such District, by Notice to be inserted in some Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of such District, and to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates therein, appointing the Trustees of such District to meet at some Place in the Neighbourhood of such District, and at such Time as the Person or Persons giving such Notice shall think proper, not exceeding Fourteen Days, nor sooner than Seven Days from the Date of advertising such Meeting j and all the Orders and Determinations of the Trustees of such District, at any Meeting so convened as aforesaid, shall be as valid as if the said Trustees had met in pursuance of a regular Adjournment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting of the Trustees of any of the said Districts, it shall at any Time be thought necessary, for the better Execution of this Act, that the Trustees of such District shall meet on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall stand adjourned, it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the Trustees of such District (although not assembled at a Meeting) to convene a Special Meeting of the Trustees of such District, to be held at the same Place at which the last preceding Meeting shall have been held, and at such Time as they shall think proper, by Notice mentioning the Place and Time and also the Object or Purpose of such Special Meeting, to be inserted in some Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of such District, (such Time being not less than Fourteen Days after the advertising of such Notice); and all the Orders and Determinations of the Trustees of such District, at any such Special Meeting as aforesaid, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the same Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment; provided, that no other Business than such as shall be specified in such Notice as aforesaid shall be transacted at any such Special Meeting so convened as is lastly before mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees acting in their respective Districts, at any of their Meetings, shall and may from Time to Time appoint, for each of the said Districts respectively, a Clerk or

Clerks

989

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvii.

Clerks, and also a Treasurer or Treasurers, a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the Roads, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary within their respective Districts, and shall and may from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Removal of any such Officer or Officers shall and may appoint another or others in his or their Stead; and every such Appointment and Removal shall be entered in the Book of Proceedings of the Trustees; and the said Trustees in their respective Districts shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers, and any other Persons to be employed or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in or about the carrying of this Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Clerk not to lawful for the said Trustees acting for any of the said Districts, to con- act as Trea-tinue or appoint the Person who hath been or who may be appointed s"rer’ and to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint the Person who hath been or who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and Treasurer they are hereby authorized, directed, and required to take sufficient Secu- he. to give rity from the Treasurer or Treasurers acting by virtue of this Act, for Security, the due and faithful Execution of his or their Office, and also shall or

may take such Security from any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, or any other Officer acting in the Execution of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Col- Temporary lector of the Tolls hereby granted shall neglect or be incapable of per- Collectors of forming his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, or shall otherwise Tolls may be misbehave or misconduct himself, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or app°*nted' more of the Trustees acting for the District in which such Case shall occur (although not assembled at a Meeting) to discharge such Collector, and

in such Case to nominate and appoint a proper Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and to officiate until the next Meeting of the Trustees of such District, or until removed by virtue of the [Local.'] 11 S Powers

990

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xlvii.

Powers and Provisions of this Act; and which Person or Persons so appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects, as if he or they had been nominated and appointed at a Meeting of the Trustees.

For erecting

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Turnpikes. Trustees, acting in their respective Districts, to continue all and every or any of the Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Side Bars, and Chains, now standing or being in, upon, or across all or any of the Roads comprised in their respective Districts, or on the Side thereof; and also from Time to Time to erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, in, upon, or across the said Roads comprised in their respective Districts, or any Part thereof, or (subject to the Provisions of the said last-recited Act) upon or across the Entrance to any public Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same, when, where, and as the said Trustees shall judge necessary or expedient, any Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Bar or Side Bars, Chain or Chains; and also to continue, or, where Need shall be, to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, proper Toll Houses, with sufficient Outhouses and Conveniences thereto, at or near each and every such Toll Gate, Turnpike, Side Bar, or Chain, and to inclose on the Side of the said Roads suitable Gardens, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre each, for the Use and Convenience of the said Toll Houses; and from Time to Time to take down and remove, or alter or discontinue the aforesaid Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Side Bars, and Chains, Toll Houses and Gardens, or any of them, as the Trustees, so acting for the said respective Districts, shall from Time to Time think proper and expedient.

Power to take

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Tolls. Trustees, acting in their respective Districts, or any Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed as Collector or Collectors of the Tolls to be taken by virtue of this Act, to demand and take the Tolls herein-after mentioned, at the several and respective Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Side Bars, and Chains which shall be continued, erected, or set up by virtue of this Act in, upon, across, or on the Side of any of the Roads comprised in the said several Districts, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or upon or across the Entrance to any public Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night j that is to say,

Tulls. For every Horse or M ule, drawing any Carriage of whatever Name or

Description, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Ox, Steer, or Bull, drawing any Carriage of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Ass, drawing any Carriage of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of OnePenny:

For every Horse or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny and One Halfpenny:

For every Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

l'or every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any less Number:

7

For

■9.91

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvii.

• For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum qL Ten-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any less Number.

Which said Sums of Money or Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, Steer, Bull, Beast, or other Cattle, or any Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike, or Side Bar or Chain, which shall be continued, erected, or set up by virtue of this Act in, upon, or across the said Roads comprised in the said several Districts, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or upon or across the Entrance to any public Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same; and which said Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the Trustees of the said several Districts respectively, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, in the Manner herein-after directed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall upon any Day have paid the Toll hereby authorized to be taken for the passing of any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, through any One of the said Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Side Bars or Chains, the same Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage shall, upon the Production of a regular Ticket from the Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, denoting such Payment to have been made upon that Day, be permitted to pass Toll-free through the same Toll Gate, Turnpike, Side Bar or Chain, at any Time or Times afterwards, in the Course of the same Day, to be computed in the Manner aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay more than One Toll for passing or repassing at arty Time or Times in any One Day, to be computed as aforesaid, with the same Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, through all or any of the Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Side Bars, or Chains to be continued or erected upon any Part of the Roads comprised in the said Eccleshall, Newport, and Watting Street District.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay more than Two Tolls for passing or repassing at any Time or Times in any One Day, to be computed as aforesaid, with the same Horses, Cattle, or Carriages through all or any of the Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Side Bars or Chains to be continued or erected upon any Part of the Roads comprised in the said Newcastle and Eccleshall District; and also that no Person or Persons who shall on any Day have paid One Toll for passing through any Toll Gate, Turnpike, Side Bar, or Chain to be continued or erected upon the Roads comprised in the said Newcastle and Eccleshall District, shall afterwards be liable to pay Toll for passing or repassing at any Time or Times in the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid, with the same Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, through any other Toll Gate, Turnpike, Side Bar, or Chain to be continued or erected upon any Part of the Roads comprised in the same District, within the Distance of Seven Miles from the Toll Gate, Turnpike, Side Bar, or Chain at which One Toll shall previously have been paid as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay more than One Toll for passing or repassing at

# any

Tolls to be paid but Once a Day.

In the Ec-clesliall, Newport, and Watling Street District, only One Toll to be taken.

In the Newcastle and Eccleshall District only Two Tolls in the Whole to be taken.

No Second Toll to be paid within Seven Miles.

In the Hilton and Hon-nington Dis-

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvii.

992

trict only any Time or Times in any One Day, to be computed as aforesaid, with the One Toll to same Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, through all or any of the Toll Gates, be ta en. Turnpikes, Side Bars, or Chains to be erected upon any Part of the Roads comprised in the said Hilton and Honnington District.

Stage

Coaches, &c. to pay every Time of passing.

Horses let to hire, and drawing Post Chaises, &c. to pay when-

Hiring takes place.

Exemptions from Toll for Lime in Ec-cleshall, Newport, and Watling Street Dis-

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing any Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, or Stage Waggon, or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay or Reward, every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads or any of them.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught let out to hire, and drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage, every Time of passing along the said Roads, or any of them, whenever any new Hiring thereof shall take place.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll whatever shall be demanded or taken at any Toll Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected within the said Eecleshall, Newport, and Watling Street District, for or in respect of any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going unladen or empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning unladen or empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Lime for improving Lands only : Provided always, that if any Person or Persons shall, by any fraudulent or collusive Means whatsoever, claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemption from Toll, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in the Mode by which Penalties imposed by the said last-recited Act are thereby directed to be recovered, and in every Case the Proof of Exemption shall be upon the Person claiming the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the Tolls arising on the Roads comprised in any of the aforesaid Districts, or any Part thereof, shall be demised or let to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall be lawful for the Lessee or Farmer thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he shall appoint, to occupy and enjoy the Toll House or Toll Houses at which the said Tolls so let are to be collected, with all the Appurtenances and Conveniences thereto belonging, during such Time only as such Lessee or Farmer shall duly pay his Rent, and perform the Covenants, Agreements, and Conditions contained in his Lease or Contract for the said Tolls, but not further or otherwise.

Enabling

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolis Trustees to arising in any of the said Districts shall be demised or let to farm to any recover Pos- person or penson$ in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Fanner Toll Houses thereof shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on wheu let to which the same shall be so demised or let; or in case the Rent agreed to tarni. be paid by such Lessee or Farmer, or any Part thereof, shall be in arrear or

unpaid for the Space of Three Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid, pursuant to the Lease or Contract for demising or letting the same j or in case such Lease or Contract shall in any X Manner

Lessees of Tolls may occupy Toll Houses.

993

4° GEORGII IV. Gz^.xlvii.

Manner become void; then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County wherein the Toll House, Toll Gate, Bar or Chain, demised or let to such Person or Persons shall be situated, upon Application made by the Trustees acting for such District, or by any Person authorized on their Behalf, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of such Toll House, Toll Gate, Bar or Chain, and the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the Day-time only, and to remove and put such Lessee or Farmer of the Tolls, or other the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the same, and from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls, and to deliver the Possession thereof to the Trustees for such District, or such other Person acting under their Authority as aforesaid j and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Trustees of such District, if they shall think fit, to vacate and determine the Lease or Contract for demising or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Farmer, and the same shall thereupon be utterly void, save only so far as respects the Covenants or Agreements therein contained for Payment of Rent, and the other Obligations or Agreements therein, which may then remain unpaid or unperformed on the Part of such Lessee or Farmer; and it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the same District in every such Case again to demise or let to farm the said Tolls to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected in such and the same Manner as if no former Lease or Contract had been made relative thereto.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said several Districts absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses already erected in their said several Districts, or hereafter to be erected or continued in the same respectively by virtue of this Act, together with the Ground whereon the same may stand, and all Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances belonging thereunto, whenever the same shall be considered by such Trustees to be useless or unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of any such Sale being made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Premises to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money to the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall hold and enjoy the Premises in Fee Simple, discharged from all Trusts and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of the Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such and the like Preference and Priority of purchasing the Premises so to be sold, shall always be given to the Owner or Owners of the next adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given in case of the Sale of any Piece or Pieces of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of a Turnpike Road.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed for or agreed to advance any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the making, altering, diverting, or improving of

[Law/.] ii T the

Toll Houses becoming useless may be sold by the Trustees.

Subscribers to pay their Subscription*.

994

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvii.

the Roads in the said respective Districts, or any Part thereof, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed by them respectively, within such Time and Times, and in such Parts and Proportions as is or are expressed in the Writing or Writings subscribed by them respectively, or as the Trustees acting for the District, for the Improvement whereof such Sums have been respectively subscribed, shall order and direct; and the same shall be demanded by and paid to such Person or Persons as such Trustees shall by any Writing authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons having so subscribed or agreed to advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Trustees to sue for the same in the Name of any Two of such Trustees or of their Clerk, and to recover the same, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and all such Monies shall be vested in such Trustees respectively, and shall be applied as far as may be necessary for or towards the Purposes specified in the several written Agreements by which the same were respectively subscribed or agreed to be advanced; and if any Surplus of such Monies shall afterwards remain, then such Surplus shall be applied for the general Advantage of the District of Road, for the Improvement whereof such Sums were respectively subscribed.

Powers to

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trus-make divert- tees acting for the said Newcastle and Eccleshall District, and they are ed and new hereby empowered, in the Manner directed by this Act, to divert a certain Parts of Part sa*d Roads comprised therein, which lies in the Townships of the Newcas- Slindon and Mill Meece in the said Parish of Eccleshall, and to make in tie and Eccle- lieu thereof a shorter and more commodious Line of Road within and shall District, through Parts of the same Townships, to the Eastward of the present Line; and likewise to divert a certain other Part of the Roads comprised in the same District, which lies in the said Township of Mill Meece and Parish of Eccleshall, and to make in lieu thereof a shorter and more commodious Line of Road within and through Part of the said last-mentioned Township to the Westward of the present Line; and likewise to improve, shorten, and make more easy and commodious the Line and Course of another Part of the said Roads between the North End of Swinnerton Common and a Place called Knowl Wall, by making and carrying a new Road to the Eastward of the present Line, through Parts of the Townships of Beech and Trentham; and likewise to improve and make more easy and commodious the Course of another Part of the said Roads adjoining to and crossing Northwood Brooks within Part of the Townships of Han-church and Trentham., by diverting the Line thereof to the Westward; and also to make a new Line of Road from the North End of the Village of Clayton to the South End of the Marquess of Stafford's new Plantation near the Clayton Field; and likewise to make and carry a new Line of Road from or nearly from Barnsford Bridge in the Clayton Field aforesaid, to certain Parts of the said Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme, so as to form Communications there with the Newcastle and Nantwich Turnpike Road, and with the London and Liverpool Turnpike Road; and for the purpose of making the said several improved and new Lines of Road

herein-

995

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xWa.

herein-before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said Newcastle and Eccleshall District, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and carry the said several improved and new Lines of Road herein-before mentioned, in, upon, over, or through any private Lands or Grounds described in the Plan and Book of Reference hereinafter mentioned, of such Width as they shall think proper, not exceeding Forty-two Feet, together with such Footpaths, Causeways, Bridges, Culverts, Fences, Ditches, and Drains, as they shall think necessary or expedient; and for the better Execution of such Purpose or Purposes, or any of them, to purchase and take, and to pull down, use, and lay into the said Roads any of the Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Yards, Gardens, and Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and other Persons interested therein, for the same, or for the Damage they may respectively sustain thereby.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees acting for the said Hilton and Honnington District, and they are hereby empowered to make and complete the Roads comprised within the same District, upon or according to the Line described in the Plan herein-after mentioned, of such Width as they shall think proper, not exceeding Forty-two Feet, together with such Footpaths, Causeways, Bridges, Culverts, Fences, Ditches, and Drains as they shall think necessary or expedient.

XXIX. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the intended new Lines of the said Roads within the said Newcastle and Eccleshall District, and the Lands and Hereditaments through or over which the same are to be made or carried, has been deposited, together with a Book of Reference, containing a List of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands and Hereditaments, at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, and Duplicates of a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said Roads comprised in the said Hilton and Honnington District have been deposited at the Offices of the several Clerks of the Peace for the said several Counties of Stafford and Salop; be it therefore enacted, That the said Maps or Plans and the said Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the respective Clerks of the Peace for the said several Counties, to the End that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies and Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying to the Clerk of the Peace in whose Custody the same may be found the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Maps or Plans and Book of Reference; and that the Trustees of the said respective Districts, in making such Lines of Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the respective Lines described in the said Maps or Plans, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Premises any such Deviation shall be made.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the said Newcastle and Eccleshall District to make and carry the said improved and new Lines of Road into,

through,

Power to complete the Roads in Hilton and Honnington District.

Roads to be made according to Plans deposited with the Clerk of the Peace.

Lands marked in the Plan may be used notwith-

996

standing Errors in the Book of Reference.

No Houses, &c. to be taken without Owner’s Consent, except scheduled Houses, &c.

Fences to be made on the Sides of the new Lines of Road.

Statute

Work.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.*lvii.

through, across, or over the Lands of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of any Lands, over which the same Lines of Road are set out and described in the said Map or Plan as being intended to be carried, although the Name or Names of such Owner or Owners, or of his or their Tenant or Tenants, may happen to be omitted or erroneously stated in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Inadvertence or Mistake.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Powers and Authorities given by this Act, for making the said improved and new Lines of Road herein-before mentioned, nor the Powers and Authorities given by the said last recited Act, for amending, altering, turning, widening, or improving any of the Roads comprised in this Act, shall extend or be construed to extend to empower or authorize the Trustees of any of the said Districts, to take or use, for any of the Purposes of this Act, any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Yard, Paddock, Park, Lawn, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted as an Ornament or Shelter to a House, or planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained, except such as are mentioned in the said Schedule to this Act annexed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees acting in their respective Districts shall and they are hereby required to make and erect sufficient Fences on the Sides of the said Roads, where any new or improved Line of such Roads shall pass through or over any private Lands or Grounds; and after such Fences shall be first made, the same shall be for ever thereafter the Property of the Persons or Parties on whose Lands or Grounds the same shall have been made and erected, and shall be supported and maintained by or at the Expence of the Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds whereon such Fences shall have been so made and erected.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work upon, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which the said Roads or any Part thereof lies, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Sur-

10 veyors

997

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvii.

veyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject or liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors by their Order shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, such Proportion of the Composition Money for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct j and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him or them at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees), shall for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off or discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid j and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress [Local.'] ti U and

998

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvii.

and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways shall live or reside, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees.

Contracts

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees acting in may be made their respective Districts, or their respective Surveyors, acting by the for altering Order and under the Authority of such Trustees respectively, shall and tte Roads"8 may and they are hereby severally empowered to contract with any Per-&c. son or Persons for making or amending, repairing and maintaining the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for erecting Mile or Direction Stones or Posts, or for making or continuing Fences, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Tunnels, or other Works, or for the Purchase of Materials, Tools, or Implements for the Use of the said Roads, or for the Carriage of any Materials, Soil, Earth, or other Matters to or from the said Roads, or for executing or performing any other Works necessary to be done or performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees acting in their respective Districts, by their respective Surveyors, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, shall be binding on the Trustees of the District for which the same shall have been entered into, and upon all other Parties who shall sign the same, and the Executors and Administrators of such other Parties; and any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall and may be maintained by the Trustees of such District, upon and in virtue of such Contracts or Agreements, and Damages and Costs shall and may be recovered against the Person or Persons making default in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be requisite for the Purchase, Execution, or Performance of the several Matters or Things, which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively ought to have been done or provided by the Person or Persons so making default as aforesaid, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in every such Action or Suit against such Person or Persons so making default in fulfilling his or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of the Directions of the said last recited Act or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said respective Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority respectively, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by such Trustees or their Treasurer (which such Treasurer is hereby authorized and required to pay), to the Party or Parties entitled to the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to such Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of 7 such

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods vested in Trustees or their Treasure-.

999

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvii.

such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in such Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their respective Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to such Sum or Sums of Money, or Compensation or Satisfaction aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the Trustees whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be:

Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where by the said last recited Damages, Act, any Damages or Charges are directed or authorized to be paid or &c. in certain recovered, in addition to any Penalty or Penalties for any Offence or ^g5aessCgr°w to Offences, the Amount of such Damages or Charges, in case of Dispute tajne(j respecting the same, shall be settled and determined by the Justice or

Justices of the Peace by or before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any such Offence or Offences, and shall and may be levied and recovered by such and the like Ways and Means as any such Penalty or Penalties may be recovered by virtue of the said last recited Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Three hundred For appor-and fifty Pounds, being One-fifth Part of the said Principal Debt of One ff°"ing lhe thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, herein-before recited to be fromtbe now owing upon Mortgage on the Credit of the said first recited Act, Road under together with all Interest which shall accrue upon the said Sum of Three the old Act hundred and fifty Pounds from and after the Commencement of this Act, between Two shall be and the same is hereby charged (as between the said respective Districts'* Districts) exclusively upon the Tolls and Revenues of the said Newcastle

and Eccleshall District; and that the Sum of One thousand and four hundred Pounds, being the Residue of the said Principal Debt of One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, together with all Interest which shall accrue upon the said Sum of One thousand and four hundred Pounds from and after the Commencement of this Act, and likewise all Money which at the Time of the Commencement of this Act shall happen to be due, as well for the Interest of the whole of the said Debt of One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, as also for the Repairs and Management of all the Roads comprised in the said first recited Act, and likewise for Work, Labour, Materials, Tools, Implements, and other Matters and Things done, used, employed, purchased, or had for the Use of the same, and all Salaries and Wages of Officers employed by the Trustees under the said first recited Act, and all other legal Debts and Demands incurred and to be incurred in the Execution of the same, up to the Commencement of this Act, (save only the said Sum of Three

hundred

1000

All Tolls, Monies, &c. due to the old Trust to be paid over to the Eccle-shall, Newport, and; Watling Street Dis-

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvii.

hundred and fifty Pounds herein-before mentioned) shall be and the same are hereby charged (as between the said respective Districts) exclusively upon the Tolls and Revenues of the said Eccleshall, Newport, and Watling Street District; and the Tolls hereby granted and made payable in the said Two last-mentioned Districts respectively, shall be and the same are hereby made exclusively subject and liable to the Payment of the aforesaid Debts and Sums of Money (as between the said respective Districts) in the Manner and Proportions aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Tolls, Rents, Compositions, Dues, Debts, and Demands, which at the Time of the Commencement of this Act shall happen to be due or owing to the Trustees acting under the Authority of the said first recited Act, and all Sums of Money which shall be at that Time in the Hands of the Treasurers, Surveyors, Collectors, or other Officers of the Trustees acting under the said first recited Act, and also all Materials, Tools, Implements, and other Matters and Things purchased or had for the Purposes of the said first recited Act, previous to the Commencement of this Act, shall belong to and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees of the said Eccleshall, Newport, and IVatling Street District; and it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said last-mentioned District to commence and prosecute any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity, against any Person or Persons whomsoever, for recovering and obtaining Possession of all such last-mentioned Tolls, Rents, Compositions, Dues, Debts, Demands, Monies, Materials, Tools, Implements, and other Matters and Things j and the same when so recovered and taken Possession of shall be applied and used solely for the Purposes of the said last-mentioned District.

The Mort-

XXXIX. And in order that the Securities of the Creditors to whom gage (ri)'- the said Debt of One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds and In-olTlbnd ° ,erest's now owing on the Credit of the said first recited Act, may not may recover be prejudiced or affected by the Repeal of the same; be it further enacted. Monies from That the whole of the Tolls arising or to be produced on all the Lines of tire other Road comprised in the said Two Districts called the Eccleshall, Newport, Districts. an(j jj7ailing Street District, and the Newcastle and Eccleshall District, shall

from and after the Commencement of this Act be subject and chargeable to and with the said Sum of One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, and all Arrears of Interest which shall be due at the Commencement of this Act, for or in respect of the same, and also all future Interest hereafter to accrue thereupon, in the same Manner, and with the same Powers and Remedies for recovering and receiving the same, as if the Act had still remained in force by virtue of which the said Debt of One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds was originally borrowed, and as if the Whole of the Roads comprised in the said Two last-mentioned Districts had originally been comprehended in the said Securities; and it shall be lawful for each and every of the Creditors, to whom the Whole and every Part of the said Sum of One thousand seven hundred and fitly Pounds shall be due and owing, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as soon as conveniently may be after the Commencement of this Act, by Notice in Writing, whereof Copies shall be delivered to the Treasurers of each of the said Two last-mentioned Districts, to make their Election and Choice, whether they will respec-jj , tively

1001

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvii.

tively demand and receive the Interest to accrue on their respective Securities, from the Treasurer of the said Eccleshall, Newport, and Watling Street District, or from the Treasurer of the said Newcastle and Eccleshall District; and also afterwards from Time to Time in the like Manner, and by the like Notice as aforesaid, to make a new Election and Choice in that respect, when and as often as it shall be found convenient so to do; and from and after the first and every other such Election and Choice, such Creditors so making the same, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall continue to demand and receive the Interest becoming due on their respective Securities of and from the Treasurer of the District specified in such Notice as aforesaid, until such Creditors or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have again made a new Election and Choice, and have caused Notice in Writing thereof to be given to the Treasurers of both of the said Districts.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Trea- Provision in surer of the said Eccleshall, Newport, and Watling Street District, or the cas* J*!her ot Treasurer of the said Newcastle and Eccleshall District, shall in conse- J^all have01* quence of any such Election or Choice, or any other Proceeding of any advanced of the said last-mentioned Creditors, or any of their respective Executors, more than Administrators, or Assigns, have paid or advanced a larger Share or Pro- lts :*PProPr‘-portion either of the said Principal Debt of One thousand seven hundred ^hMorN and fifty Pounds, so due and owing upon the Credit of the said first gage Debts, recited Act, or of the Interest thereof, than the Share or Proportion thereof which is herein-before directed to be a Charge (as between the said respective Districts) upon the Tolls arising within the particular District for which he shall act as Treasurer as aforesaid $ then and so often, the Treasurer of the other of the said Two last-mentioned Districts, charged with the said Debt of One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, shall and he is hereby required forthwith, out of the first Monies which he shall have in hand by virtue of his said Office, after Demand made for that Purpose, to reimburse and pay to the Treasurer who shall have so paid or advanced such larger Share or Proportion of the aforesaid Monies, or his Successors, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been so paid or advanced by him, over and above the just Proportion of the said Monies which ought (as between the said Districts) to have been borne and defrayed by the District for which he shall so act as Treasurer as aforesaid; and in case such Monies so advanced and paid, over and above the just Proportion before mentioned, shall not be reimbursed or paid in the Manner hereby directed, then and so often the Treasurer having advanced the same, and his Successors, shall have, and he and they is and are hereby invested with such and the same Powers and Authorities for recovering the same Monies, together with all Costs,

Charges, Damages, and Expences attending the Nonpayment and Recovery thereof, by Entry upon the Turnpikes or Toll Houses, and Perception of the Tolls or Rents of the Tolls arising and being within the District by which the same ought to be reimbursed or paid, as any Creditor or Creditors in virtue of the said Mortgage Debts is <?r are or shall or may be invested with or entitled unto by Law.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances, Covenants, ^"unamhe’ Agreements, Contracts, and Securities, made to or by, or entered into by former Act 6 [Local.-] ill

any made valid.

1002

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvii.

any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for executing the said first recited Act hereby repealed, shall remain in full force and effect, and be and continue available, in all Courts of Law and in Equity, until the same be fully satisfied and performed, on account and for the Benefit of such One of the Districts created by this Act as comprehends the Road referred to in such Instruments respectively; and all Bargains, Contracts, Agreements, or Notices, made, entered into, or given by the Trustees for executing the said first recited Act, with or to any Person or Persons, for any Purpose relating to' the said Roads, or to the Execution of the said Act, shall remain in full force and effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees under this Act, for the Roads to which such Bargains, Contracts, Agreements, or Notices respectively apply, and by the other respective Parties to such Contracts, Agreements, or Notices, according to the Terms, Stipulations, and the true and equitable Intent and Meaning thereof, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said first recited Act.

Proceedings

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Proceedings of forme/Act E^le Trustees in the Execution of the said first recited Act, and which may be given have been kept according to the Directions or Provisions thereof, and

in Evidence, are made Evidence thereby, shall be admitted in Evidence in all Courts, and by all Judges, Justices, and others.

Proceedings

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Proceedings of the under the Trustees in the Execution of the said first recited Act, and all Books of

mav'beln- Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements kept under the Authority of

spected. the same, and all Books for registering Mortgages or Assignments made

in pursuance thereof, shall be delivered up to and be preserved by the Clerk for the Time being of the Trustees for the said Eccleshall, Newport, and Watling Street District, and shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the Trustees, as well of the last-mentioned District as of the said Newcastle and Eccleshall District, or any of them, and of any Creditor or Creditors of any of the said Roads, without Fee or Reward $ and the said Trustees and Creditors, or 'any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from such Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit or shall not permit the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any of them, to inspect the said Books, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds.

Costs of this

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the general Costs and Charges Act- attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, with Interest from the

Time of advancing the Money for the same, shall be paid and defrayed by and at the joint Expence of the said Three Districts of Road hereby constituted, in Three equal Shares; and that the Costs attending the making of Surveys and other Charges which have been incurred in relation to this Act, upon the separate Account of any of the said several Districts, together with Interest from the Time of advancing the Money for the same, shall be paid and defrayed by and at the Expence of such of the said Districts, on the separate Account of which such last-mentioned Costs and Charges have been respectively incurred; and all such Costs, Charges, and Expellees shall be ascertained as soon as may be J after

1003

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvii.

after the passing of this Act, and the same shall afterwards be paid in the Proportions and Manner aforesaid, out of the first Monies which shall respectively arise or be received in the said several Districts under the Provisions of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That after paying the Costs of this Application Aft and the other Costs before mentioned in the Proportions before di- of the Tolls reeled, all the Monies already subscribed and which shall be subscribed for making, repairing, or maintaining the several Roads comprised in rowell the said respective Districts, or which shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act by the Trustees respectively acting in the said several Districts, and all the Tolls and other Monies arising and to be received by virtue of this Act within the said several Districts, shall be respectively paid, laid out, and expended by the said Trustees respectively, acting for the said several Districts, in the making, maintaining, and improving of the several Roads comprehended in the several Districts, for which the same Monies have been or shall be so subscribed, or for which the same shall be so borrowed, or wherein the said Tolls shall so arise or become payable, and in keeping down the Interest of the Principal Monies chargeable to the said respective Districts by virtue of the Provisions herein-before contained, and the Interest of all Monies hereafter to be borrowed or advanced in the said Districts respectively by virtue of this Act and the said last recited Act, and in otherwise putting this Act into Execution; and lastly, in repaying out of the Funds of the Districts respectively chargeable therewith, all the Principal Monies already due upon Mortgage, and hereafter to be borrowed or advanced by virtue of this Act and the said last recited Act.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Trustees Trustees not appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally personally subject to or charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money jjhle for by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assign- Mor,8aSes-ment by way of Mortgage, or other Security to be made to any Person or Persons lending or advancing any Sum or Sums of Money to the said respective Trustees upon the Credit of the Tolls and Revenues of the said respective Districts of Roads, in pursuance of the Provisions contained either in the said last recited Act or this Act, but all such Sums of Money shall be repaid out of the Tolls by this Act granted.

[Public Act.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence commeucc-upon the Fourth Tuesday next after the passing thereof, and shall thence- ment and forth continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty- Continuance one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par ofth<aAct. liament.

The

1004

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlvii,

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Places;—and Description of Premises. OWNERS. OCCUPIERS.

In the Borough of Newcastle-

under-Lyme:

A Yard Mr. James Smith Mr. James Smith.

A House, Shop, and Cow- \ house - / George Thomas George Thomas.

A House ... Same ... John Myatt.

A House and Stables William Barlow William Barlow.

A House - - The Marquess of Stafford John Biddulph.

A House ... Same - - Richard Buck.

A House ... Same ... Thomas Malkin.

A House ... Same ... John Malkin.

Four Gardens - Same ... William Sorton.

A Timber Yard Same - The Marquess of Stafford.

A Shop and House - - The Corporation of Newcastle - - Thomas Downs.

In the Township of Trentham:

A Cottage and Garden The Marquess of Stafford James Cliff.

In the Township of Beech;

A Garden - - Thomas Fitzherbert, Esq. - John Boulton.

In the Township of Mill Meece:

A Garden - Charles Horsfall Bill, Esq. - Ralph Pilsbury.

In the Township of Slindon:

A Garden - - John Marsh, late — Jack- Moses Summerfield.

A Garden - - John Stevenson Salt, Esq. - William Lawton.

A Garden . - Same ... Thomas Bolton.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford through Haworth to Blue Bell near Colne, and from the Two Laws to Kighley, in the Counties of York and Lancaster.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for 28G.2.C. 50. amending and widening the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford through Haworth in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell near Colne in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called the Two Laws to Kighley in the said County of York: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing and 21G.3. c. 96. amending an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty (King George the Second), fir amending and widening the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford through Haworth in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell near Colne in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called the Two Laws to Kighley in the said County of York: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for continu- 43G. 3. C. 50. ing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed \Local.~] ii T in

1006

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlviii.

in the Twenty-eighth Tear of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Tear of His late Majesty, for amending the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford through Haworth in the County of York, to a Place called the Blue Bell near Colne in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called the Two Laws to Kighley in the said County of York : And whereas the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged and the Tolls increased: And whereas the said Roads are in many Parts narrow and in bad Repair, and the present Course thereof is in many Parts very steep and mountainous, and dangerous to Travellers; and the same might be diverted, altered, widened, and otherwise improved, so as to render the same more safe and convenient to the Public; and it would be more convenient if the said former Acts were repealed, and new Powers and Provisions enacted in lieu thereof: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-36.4. c. 126. tituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Former Acts Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and repealed. after the Fourth Wednesday next after the passing of this Act, the said several recited Acts passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same are hereby severally repealed; and that from thenceforth this Act shall be put in Execution for repairing, widening, and improving the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford through Haworth in the County of York, to the said Place called Blue Bell near Colne in the County of Lancaster, and from the said Place called the Two Laws to Kighley in the said County of York, and shall continue in force for and during the Term herein-after mentioned.

Provisions of

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in 3G.4. to the Third Year of His present Majesty, and all and every the this Act° Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

This Act

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the Term and Tolls

matfiVpa*ect hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby made subject and liable to men^of all" l^e Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed and are now due Monies bor- and owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls authorized to be taken rowed on the by the said recited Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, or which shall former Acts °r may ^erea^ter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of this Act, and ol all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit or on account of this 10 - Act;

1007

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlviii.

Act; and that all and every Person and Persons owing any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, shall be liable to pay the same to the Trustees for executing this Act j and all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities, entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for execudng the said recited Acts hereby repealed, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity for the Purposes of this Act; and all Orders, Proceedings, Contracts, and Agreements heretofore made or entered into by the said Trustees for executing the said Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, shall remain in full Force and Effect.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Proceedings of the Books of Trustees in the Execution of the said Three first recited Acts, provided ^cee^n8s according to the Directions or Provisions thereof, and thereby made Evi- J"tserm"j"ier dence, shall and may be read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in Evidence, all Suits, Actions, Controversies, or Disputes touching any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, or in anywise relating thereto.

V. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees. Peace acting for the Counties of York and Lancaster respectively, William Atkinson of Barcroft, John Atkinson, Joshua Anderson of Harden, Thomas

Binns of Croft House, Tom Binns, John Binns, David Binns, Benjamin Blackborough, Thomas Blackborough, John Blakey, William Blakey, John Blakey junior, John Booth of Allerton, John Briggs of Guard House,

William Busfeild, Currer Fothergil Busfeild, William Busfeild junior, Walker Busfeild, John Bairstow, Isaac Butterfield, Richard Butterfield, William Blake, Thomas Beaumont, the Right Honourable George Augustus Henry Cavendish commonly called Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, the Honourable William Cavendish, Lodge Calvert, William Clayton, William Clayton junior, Thomas Clayton of Car hall, John Carr, Charles Carr,

William Carr, Thomas Carr, Holmes Clapham of Utley, John Clapham,

Holmes Clapham junior, Henry Clapham, Samuel Blakey Clapham of Scrow Mill, John Craven of Walk Mill, John Craven junior, Thomas Cor lass,

William Corlass, Thomas Corlass junior, Innkeeper, Hiram Craven, John Craven his Son, Joshua Cowling, Robert Dawson, Charles Knowlton Dawson, the Reverend Theodore Dury, Lister Ellis, William Ellis of Castlefield,

William Ellis junior, John Ellis, William Emmet of Paper Mills, Ingrow Edward Emmet, Henry Emmet, Nelson Emmet, Richard Fawcott, Henry Flesher, Abraham Flesher, Richard Foiddes of Whycoller, Joshua Field,

Wilmer Field, James B Garforth of Conistone, Thomas Garforth,

John Baynes Garforth, John Greenwood of Knoll House, Frederick Greenwood, Edwin Greenwood, James Greenwood of Brighouse, John Greenwood,

James Greenwood junior, William Greenwood of Oxenhope, Joseph Greenwood of Springhead, William Greenwood of Moorhouse, George Greenwood,

John Greenwood of Morton, William Greenwood of Woodhouse Ilkley, George Oates Greenwood, Richard Hodgson ol Wheatley, Richard Hodgson of Greenhill, Robert Heaton of Ponden, Michael Heaton of Royd House, John Hartley of Carry Bridge, John Hartley of White Lee, John Hartley of Haworth, Thomas Horsfall, John Horsfall, John Garnett Horsfall,

William Haggas, John Hustler, William Hustler, Charles Harris, the Reverend Richard Hartley D. D., David Illingworth, Benjamin Kaye of Allerton, John Knowles of Hall House, William Kershaw, Thomas

Leach,

1008

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xWm.

Leach, John Lockwood, Benjamin Flesher Mariner, William Mariner, Abraham Moor, John Mitchell of Eastwood-square, William News holme of Newhouse, William Newsholme junior, William Netherwood, Christopher Netherwood junior, Edward Parker, William Paget of Utley, Thomas Paget, William Paget junior of Utley, Francis Paget, the Reverend Perring, Thomas Pearson of Steeton, Thomas Pearson junior, William Pickles of Nords, William Pickles junior, Bernard Pickles, Michael Pighills of Brewtop Haworth, Thomas Rishworth of Thwaites, Thomas Rishworth of Morton, John Rishworth, John Ramsden, William Rushworth of Mould Greave, Samuel Sharp, James Sharp, Abraham Shackleton, Abraham Shackleton junior, William Shackleton, John Shackleton, William Sidgwick, Christopher Sidgwick, John Sidgwick, Joseph Smith, Wilsdon, Thomas Smith, Mercer; Thomas Smith junior, Smith, Thomas Stoney, Berry Smith, William Sugden of Eastwood House, William Sugden junior, John Sugden, John Sugden of Bracken Bank, Thomas Sugden of Haworth, William Sutcliffe of Stubbing, William Spencer of Malsis Hall, Stephen Taylor of Stanbury, John Town of Keighly, John Town junior, George Townend of Nook, William Townend, Thompson of Manningbam Lodge, Thomas Thorn-

ber, George Tweedy, Teal of Laycock, Richard Bradley Wainman,

Lieutenant Colonel William Wainman, John Walker of Ingow, William Wright of Oldfield, Henry Wright of Lower Laith, Joseph Wright, Lupton Wright, James Wilson of Colne, James Wilson of Hanwyd, Richard Thomas Roe Walton, Ambrose Walton, Stansfield Wilkinson, John Williamson, and Jonathan Whitaker of Gate Haworth, and their Successors, together with such other Persons, not exceeding the Number of Five, as the said Trustees shall at their first or any subsequent Meeting nominate in that Behalf, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for widening, diverting, amending, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and for putting this Act into Execution.

First Meeting

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the of Trustees. House of Mr. Samuel Morgan, known by the Sign of the Devonshire Arms, or at some other convenient Place in Klghley aforesaid, on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act, and adjourn themselves afterwards to meet there or at any other Place or Places as to them shall seem convenient, and at such Time or Times as the said Trustees shall appoint.

Oath of

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person hereby appointed, or

'.trustees. who shall hereafter be chosen or appointed a Trustee, shall be qualified or capable of becoming and acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath (or being One of the People called Quakers, the Affirmation) following, before any One or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ | do swear, [or, being One of the People called

‘ A Quakers, do solemnly affirm], That I will truly, faithfully, and ‘ impartially act in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers reposed in ‘ me by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of ‘ the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert ‘ the Title of this Act}. So help me GOD.*

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words ‘ So help me God/]

And

1009

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlviii.

And if any Person shall act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster: Provided always, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, which shall have been done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the Oath or Affirmation by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory j but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual, as if such Person had taken and subscribed such Oath or Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Collector of the Tolls, and other Officer and Officers (other than the Treasurer) nominated and appointed under and by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments, until he, she, or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees; and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he, she, or they had been nominated or appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees j and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person, being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

ii Z

Old Officers to continue

ones appointed.

Prohibiting the same Person from

Clerk and Treasurer.

\_Loeal.~\

1010 4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xlviii.

Trustees X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

may appoint Trustees, at any Meeting whereof Notice in Writing, signed by Three or Officers. more of the said Trustees, shall be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon the said Roads, Twenty-one Days at least before such Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and also a Surveyor or Surveyors, and all such other Officers as the said Trustees shall think necessary; and also may remove from Time to Time all or any such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, as the said Trustees shall see occasion; and upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of such Officers, or any of them, the said Trustees may appoint others in their stead; and out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees shall make such Allowances to their respective Officers, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem reasonable and proper.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall think proper, to continue all and every or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates and Toll Houses now standing and being in and upon or across the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof; and to erect and set up or build, or cause to be erected, set up, and built, upon, in, or across the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or upon or across the Entrance to any Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same, or any Part thereof, such and so many Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Sidebars, Chains, and Weighing Machines, with Toll Houses, Outbuildings, Lamps, and other Conveniences thereto; and to inclose on the Sides of the said Roads suitable Garden Spots for such respective Toll Houses (not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre to each Toll House), as the said Trustees shall think necessary; and from Time to Time to take down and remove or to alter and discontinue the same, or any of them, as the said Trustees shall think proper and direct or appoint.

Power to sell

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Toll^Houses '^rustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed on the said Roads to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, where they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold or enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable 5 for

Power to erect Turnpikes, &c.

1011

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlviii.

for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground, or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fourth Wednesday next after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons by their Authority, to demand, collect and take, at each and every Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Toll Bar continued or erected by virtue of this Act in, upon, across, or on the Side of the said Roads, or upon or across any Lane or Road leading into the same, the several Tolls and Duties herein-after mentioned, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriage, upon which Toll is imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the same j (that is to say),

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Phaeton, Barouche, Curricle, Calash, Sociable, Chaise Marine, Vis-a-vis, Caravan, Hearse, Litter or Break, a Sum not exceeding Eight-pence, and drawing any Chair, Whiskey, Gig, Taxed Cart, or other such Carriage on Springs for the Conveyance of Passengers, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, Caravan, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, a Sum not exceeding Eight-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, Caravan, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half, and less than Six Inches, a Sum not exceeding Ten-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, Caravan, or other Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Three Inches and less than Four and a Half Inches, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling:

For every Horse or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, nor going for or returning with Coals, Cinders, or Cokes, a Sum not exceeding Four-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence a Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Ten-pence a Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, or other such Carriage, laden with or going empty for Coals, Cinders, or Cokes, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, a Sum not exceeding Four-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, or other such Carriage, laden with or going empty for Coals, Cinders, or Cokes, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half, and less than Six Inches, a Sum not exceeding Five-pence:

For

Trustees may take Tolls.

Toll?.

1012 4° GEORGII IV. Cajw.xlviii.

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, or other such Carriage, laden or going empty for Coals, Cinders or Cokes, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Three Inches, and less than Four Inches and a Half, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, going unladen for or returning laden with Coals, Cinders, or Cokes, and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny.

Tolls vested

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Tolls by this in Trustees. Act imposed, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise or be produced therefrom, shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Tolls, and shall be and are hereby vested in the Trustees of

this Act for the Time being, and the same and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned in such Manner as hereinafter mentioned.

Second Toll

XV. And be it further enacted, That for every Horse, Beast, Cattle, to be paid or Carriage which shall have passed and repassed during any Day (to be

anTre'assi'n computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the

ThreeTimeS succeeding Night) through any Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Toll Bar across or on the Sides of the said Roads Three Times, and shall again pass through such Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Toll Bar on the same Day, a Second Toll shall be paid for such subsequent Passage, and so from Time to Time, after again passing and repassing Three Times, as often as the Case shall happen.

Number of

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than Tolls limited. One fuj[ t0h shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons for passing and repassing any Number of Times not exceeding Three Times the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid, with the same Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Beasts, or Carriages, through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act.

Table of

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they Tolls to be are hereby required to put up, or cause to be put up, and afterwards to put up‘ be continued, at every Toll Gate erected or continued by virtue of this Act, a Table painted in distinct and legible Black Letters on a Board with a White Ground, containing at the Top thereof the Name of the Gate at which the same shall be put up, and also a List of all the Tolls payable at every such Gate, distinguishing the several Tolls and the different Sorts of Carriages for which they are to be paid where there shall be any Variation therein, and also a List of the several Gates which shall be wholly or partially cleared by the Payment of Toll at the Toll Gate or Bar where such Table of Tolls shall be affixed; and the said Trustees shall also provide Tickets denoting the Payment of Toll, and on such several Tickets shall be specified the Name of the Gate at which the same respectively shall be delivered, and also the Names of the several Gates freed by such Payment, one of which Tickets shall be delivered gratis to the Person paying the Toll; and on the Production of such Ticket at any Gate or Gates therein mentioned as being cleared as aforesaid by the Payment of the Toll at the Gate where such Ticket was delivered, the Person producing the same shall pass through the Gate or Gates therein mentioned without paying any further or additional Toll.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlviii. 1013

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls Stage hereby made payable-shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or p^ises other Cattle drawing- any Stage Coach, Van, Caravan, or Stage Waggon, to payevery or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay or Reward, Time of every Time of passing, or repassing along the said Roads; and also for passing, and in respect of all Horses or other Cattle drawing any Post Chaise or

other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Roads upon every Time of a new Hiring of such Post Chaise or other Carriage, on a Ticket being produced denoting a fresh Hiring.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall arise and Application be received from the Foils and otherwise by virtue of this Act, and not

herein otherwise appropriated, shall be applied to the several Purposes and in the Order and Manner following; that is to say, in the first Place, in paying the Expences of preparing and passing this Act, and incident thereto; in the second Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several principal Sums which have been lent or advanced, and now remain due, or which at any Time hereafter shall be lent or advanced upon any Mortgage or Security made in pursuance of the said former Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, or this Act, equally and without any Preference or Priority amongst each other; thirdly, in contributing towards the Expences of repairing, maintaining, and keeping in good Repair the said Roads, and in paying the Salaries of Officers, and other annual or current Expences in carrying this Act into Execution; fourthly, in erecting Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and in widening, altering, and diverting the said Roads respectively, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time see expedient; fifthly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging all Arrears of Interest due prior to the passing of this Act upon the several principal Sums which have been lent and advanced upon such Mortgages or Securities as aforesaid, equally and without any Preference or Priority amongst each other; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging such several principal Sums as have been lent or advanced upon such Mortgages or Securities as aforesaid, in pursuance of the said former Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, equally and without any Preference or Priority amongst each other.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be taken at any Peat or Turf Toll Bar or Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected on any Part of the and Flaws to said Roads, for any Horses or Carriages laden solely with Turf, Peat, exeraPt Flaws, or Ling Sods and Ling, got and brought from any of the Moors frora Toll‘ or Peat Mosses over which the said Roads pass, to be used for Fuel for

Fire.

XXI. Provided and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Trustees recontained shall authorize or empower the said Trustees, in repairing, strained from widening, and improving the said Roads, or any of them, to take or pull P?^nS down down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take or make use House9, of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

[LocalJ]

12 A

1014

Statute

Labour.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlviii.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards the repairing and amending the said Roads, shall be and remain liable thereto in like Manner in every respect as they now are or have heretofore been; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said Counties of York and Lancaster, within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor of the said Roads, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places m or through which the said Roads do or shall lie, lead, or pass, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, to bring in a List before the said Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such List the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose by any Surveyor to the Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in Force or Effect for Repairs of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on any Part of the said Roads, shall be found idle or 8 negligent

1015

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlviii.

negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle and negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such List as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the Counties of York and Lancaster, within their respective Jurisdictions, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Persons liable this Act contained shall be construed to be a Discharge of any County, 10 fljlrPVF Riding, Division, Hundred, Wapentake, Liberty, Town Corporate, Bridge &c Parish, Township, Village, Ville, Hamlet, Place, Body Politic, Corporation by reason of Aggregate or Sole, private Person or Persons, from the repairing, amending, Tenure, to re-or maintaining of any Road, Bridge, Causeway, Arch, Drain, or Sewer, raiun j*ab,e which they or any of them respectively have been accustomed, or of Right JuchVeSs. ought to repair, amend, or maintain, by reason of the Tenure of any

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by any ancient Usage, Custom,

Law, or otherwise; but that all and every such Bridge, Road, Causeway,

Arch, Drain, or Sewer, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, shall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair by such County,

Riding, Division, Hundred, Wapentake, Liberty, Town Corporate, Parish,

Township, Village, Ville, Hamlet, Place, Body Politic, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or private Person or Persons, as heretofore the same respectively have been, or ought of Right, or by any ancient Usage, Custom, Law, or otherwise, to have been amended, maintained, and kept in Repair; anything herein contained or referred to, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such

Case

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Tru! the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods ves ed in such Trustees or their Treasurer

&c.

1016

Trustees, Officers, and other Persons competent Witnesses.

Expences of the Act.

[Public Act.]

Term and Continuance of this Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlviii.

Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such case such Overplus shall be returned, on Demand, to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Sums, Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall pay or be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all civil or criminal Proceedings whatsoever relating to the said Roads, no Person by reason of being a Trustee, Creditor, or Mortgagee, Farmer, Lessee, or Collector of the Tolls, Clerk, Treasurer, Surveyor, or other Officer or Servant of, or other Person employed by the said Trustees, or any Inhabitant of any Township, Parish, Hamlet, Village, Ville, or Place through which the said Roads do or shall pass, shall by reason or on account of any of the Matters aforesaid be incompetent to give Testimony or Evidence in any such Proceedings.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, with lawful Interest for any Money which shall be advanced on that Account, shall be paid and discharged by the Trustees for putting this Act into Execution, out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies which shall arise by virtue of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the Fourth Wednesday next after the same shall receive the Royal Assent, and shall continue in force for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xlix.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Yorkshire District of the Road from Keighley in the West Riding of the County of York to Kirkby in Kendal in the County of Westmoreland, and for making several Diversions therefrom, within the said West Riding of the County of York.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for re- 26 G. 2, c. 86. pairing, amending, and widening the Road from Keighley in the West Riding of the County of York to Kirkby in Kendal in the County of Westmoreland : And whereas another Act was passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of I8G.J.C. 113. an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing, amending, and widening the Road from Keighley in the West Riding of the County of York.

* to Kirkby in Kendal in the County of Westmoreland And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the 30G. 3. C. 99. Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of certain Acts made for repairing the Road from Keighley in the West Riding of the County of York to Kirkby in Kendal in the County of Westmoreland, so far as relates to such Part of the said Road as lies within the County of York : And whereas by the said recited Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, the said Road from Keighley to Kendal \Local^] \2 B was

1018

4° GEORGII IV. Cap A.

was divided into Two Districts; and it was by such Act declared that that Part of the said Road which was situate within the County of York should constitute one of such Districts, and should be called ‘ The Yorkshire District:’ And whereas a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts relating to the said District of Road called the Yorkshire District, and charged on the Tolls arising upon the said District of Road, cannot be repaid, nor can the said District of Road be properly amended and kept in repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged with respect to the said District of Road, some additional Powers are granted, and the Tolls arising on the same District of Road are increased: And whereas it would tend to the Accommodation of the Public, and of the Persons residing in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, and the said District of Road might be materially improved and benefited, if Power were granted to make and maintain certain Diversions from the said District of Road in manner herein-after mentioned and described : And whereas it would facilitate the Execution of the Purposes aforesaid, if the said Acts relating to the said District of Road were repealed, so far as the same relate to the said District of Road j and if further and additional Powers and Provisions were granted and made : And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His 3G.4. c. 126. present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Repeal of the Authority of the same, That from and after the Second Wednesday next former Acts, after the passing of this Act the said several recited Acts of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and of the Eighteenth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to the said District of Road (and therein called the Yorkshire District), shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed t and this Act shall thereupon commence and take effect, and be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually repairing, amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the said District of Road, and which said District of Road commences at the Town of Keighley in the West Riding of the County of York, and passes from thence to and through the several Towns or Places of Skipton, Settle, Clapham, Ingleton, and Thornton, to the Boundary of the said County of York, between the said Town of Ingleton and Kirkby Lonsdale in the County of Westmoreland, and of making and maintaining the several Diversions from the said District of Road herein-after mentioned and described; (that is to say), One Diversion or Branch, commencing at or near to the South Corner of a certain Field, called Flosh, in the Township of Keighley, (belonging to Lord George Henry Cavendish, and now in the Occupation of Joshua Cawood as Tenant), and passing from, through, or into the several Townships or Places of Keighley, Utley, and Steeton, in the Parish of Keighley, to or near to a certain Place called Hawkcliffe Wood-end in the said Township of Steeton; another commencing at or near to the East End of Eastburn Bridge in the Township of Glusburn, and passing from thence to Kild-wick Bridge in the adjoining Township of Kildwick, both in the Parish of Kildwick; another commencing at or near the East End of Coniston • 4 Moor

1019

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlix.

Moor in the Township of Coniston in the Parish of Gargrave, and passing from thence to the West End of the same Moor, near to a certain Place called Switchers in the adjoining Township of Hellifield in the Parish of Longpreston; and another commencing at or near to the Old Lower Turnpike House at the South-west End of the Town of Clafham, and passing from, through, or into the several Parishes, Townships, or Places of Clapham, Newby, Ingleton, and Thornton, to or near to a certain Place called /Vest Houses in the Township of Thornton; all within the West Riding of the County of York.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters and Things therein contained shall (except where the same is or are hereby expressly varied, altered, or repealed) be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the Term and Tolls hereby granted shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed, or which are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said former Acts, or any of them, upon the said District of Road, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed or had become due and owing on the Credit or on account of this Act; and all and every Person and Persons owing any Sum of Money to the Trustees for executing the said former Acts, on account of such District of Road, shall be liable to the Payment thereof to the Trustees for executing this Act; and all Conveyances, Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities made or entered into by any Person to or with the Trustees for executing the said former Acts, on account of such District of Road, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed on account of and for the Benefit of the Trust under this Act; and all Lettings of Tolls, Orders, Contracts, and Agreements made and entered into by the said Trustees for executing the said former Acts, on account of such District of Road shall, so far as the same are not altered or avoided by this Act, remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees under this Act, according to the Stipulations thereof respectively; the Repeal of the said former Acts, or any Law to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Books of Proceedings which may have been kept by the Trustees acting in the Execution of the former Acts hereby repealed, or by their Treasurer or Clerk under their Direction, according to the Provisions of such Acts, and made Evidence thereby, and also the Book or Books to be kept for the Purposes of this Act, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts, and by all Judges, Justices, and others.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Arrears of Tolls or Rents, or other Monies due to, and Property Real or Personal, and all Choses

in

General Turnpike Act extended to this Act.

Act made

liable to the Payment of all Monies due under former Acts.

Books relative to former Acts to be Evidence.

Arrears and Property belonging to

1020 4° GEORGII IV. C«/>.xlix.

former Trus- in and Rights of Action, either at Law or in Equity, vested in the

i^h^Trus trustees under the said former Acts or any of them, shall immedi-

teesnamed" atety on ^le Commencement of this Act be vested in the Trustees

in this Act. named in or to be elected and appointed by virtue of this Act or of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, who shall be and they are hereby enabled to receive and take Possession of the same, and for that Purpose to cause to be commenced and prosecuted all Actions and Suits at Law or in Equity, and to act in respect thereof as effectually as if the same had become due to or had been vested in them under and by virtue of this Act or of the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; or such Arrears of Tolls or other Monies so due to the Trustees under the said recited Acts hereby repealed as aforesaid, by virtue of any Deed or Specialty, shall and may be sued for and recovered in the Name of the Trustee or Trustees, to or with whom such Deed or Specialty shall have been so made or entered into, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, at the Option or Election of the Trustees named in or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or of the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Costs to be incurred by the Trustees or Persons in whose Names such Proceedings shall be had, shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and the Monies when recovered shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

Trustees.

VI. And be it further enacted, That William Nicholson Alcock, Henry

Alcock, Richard Alcock, William Atkinson, John Atkinson, John Bairstow, Richard Balderston, William Batty, Thomas Binns, William Birkbeck, John Birkbeck, Thomas Birkbeck, John Birtwhistle, John Blackburn, Robert Bleazard, William Bol/and, John Briggs, William Brown, Henry Brown, Thomas Brown, John Brown, Ralph Horner Brown, William Buck, Robert Burrow, Edward Burrow, John Carr, Charles Carr, William Carr Clerk, Thomas Carr Clerk, Richard Carr, William Carr, the Right Honourable George Henry Cavendish commonly called Lord George Henry Cavendish, Thomas Chamberlain, Abraham Chamberlain, John Bedam Charlesworth, Robinson Chippindale, William Chippindale, John Clapham Clerk, Thomas Clapham, Holmes Clapham, John Clapham (Utley'), Richard Clapham, George Clapham, John Clapham (Hornby), William Clayton, William Clayton the younger, John Cockshott, 1 homas Cockshott, Matthew Coor, John Nicholas Coulthurst, Edward Coulthurst Clerk, William Coulthurst, John Craven, Danson Richardson Currer Clerk, William Dawson, Richard Dawson Clerk, Robert Dawson, Charles Knowlton Dawson, Theodore Dury Clerk, William Ellis, James William Farrer, Oliver Farrer, Thomas Farrer, William Loxam Farrer, James Farrer, Matthew Thomas Farrer, Thomas Foster, John William Foster, James Foster, James Braithwaite Garforth, John Baynes Garforth, Thomas Garforth, John Geldard, Robert Geldara, William Gomersal, JoJm Greenwood, Frederick Greenwood, Eawin Greenwood, Richard Greenwood, John Halton Clerk, James Hamerton, Chisnci Hammer ton, John Hammerton, Alexander Harducre, Henry Hardacre, James Hargreaves (Kildwick), James Hargreaves (Farnhill), John Hartley, William Hartley, Richard Heber (Hodnet), Richard Heber (Otter-burn), Nicholas Hitchin, Robert Holgate, William Holgate, John Abbotson Ingleby, Thomas Ingleby, Charles Ingleby, Rowland Ingram Clerk, Arthur

Ingleby,

1021

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xlix.

Ingleby, John Jaques, Thomas Johnson, Thomas Johnson the younger, Thomas Hodgson Johnson, Henry Kempson Clerk, John King, iVter Laycock,

Walter Leveth Clerk, the Honourable Thomas Lister, Anthony Lister Clerk, Benjamin Marriner, Joseph Mason the younger, Thomas Mason,

Thomas Mauds/ey, Henry Mauds ley, John Moffat, Thomas Moor, James Moorhouse, Christopher Netherwood, John Netherwood, William Netherwood,

Richard Toulmin North, Alexander Nowell, John Green Paley, Thomas Parker, Thomas Parkinson, Thomas Pearson, John Peart, John Perring Clerk, Thomas Pooley Clerk, Cooper Preston, John Preston, Thomas Preston, William Preston, William Proctor, John Proctor, Robert Proctor, Thomas Proctor, William Robinson, Josias Robinson Clerk, Hornby Roughsedge, Richard Henry Roundell, Henry Dawson Roundell, William Rookes Leeds Serjeantson, George John Serjeantson, Richard Skiers,

William Sidgwick, John Sidgwick, Thomas Smith, Benjamin Smith, H7//-liam Spencer, Anthony Stackhouse (Stainforth), Anthony Stackhouse (Settle), William Stackhouse, Edmund Starkie, William Sugden, William Sutcliff, Haggarth John Swaile, John Swire Clerk, Edmund Tatham,

William Taylor, Stephen Tempest, Charles Tempest, Henry Tempest, John Tennant, Stansfield Tennant, John Tennant, Robert Tomlinson Clerk,

Richard Waddilove, Richard Waddilove the younger, Richard Wainman,

William Waller Clerk, William Wasney Clerk, Watkinson, Robert

Henry Welch, Henry Wiglesworth Clerk, Thomas Wiglesworth, William Wilkinson, Leonard Wilkinson (Blackburn), Leonard Wilkinson (Slaidburn),

Henry Wilkinson, StephenWilkinson, Robert Willis, MatthewWilson, Matthew Wilson the younger, Henry Wilson, William Wilson, Carus Wilson, Roger Wilson, John Torke, Edmund Torke, being qualified in manner by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said power w Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Meeting appoint auto be held for that Purpose (of which Meeting and of the Purpose thereof ditional Ten Days Notice shall be given in manner by the said recited Act of the i mstee--Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed, with respect to Meetings for the Appointment of Trustees on Vacancies), to elect and

appoint any Number of Persons not exceeding Five in the whole, to be Trustees for executing this Act and the said recited Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees so elected and appointed, and being duly qualified, shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act and the said recited Act, as if they had been named in this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Trustees to be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he be sworn, shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act is directed and prescribed; nor unless he also shall, before he shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (except in administering the Oath

or Affirmation mentioned in the said recited Act, and the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe, or being of the People called Quakers, make and subscribe, before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath or Affirmation following; (that is to say),

[Local.12 C

* I A. B.

1022

First Meetings of the Trustees.

Appointment of Officer*.

4° GEORG II IV. Cap. xlix.

I A.B. do swear, [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly 6 affirm,] That I will faithfully and impartially, according to the best of ‘ my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities,

* and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth,

* intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act,'] and of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to ( amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads ‘ in that Part of Great Britain called England.

'So help me GOD.* [Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words, f So help me God.’]

And if any Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, except as aforesaid, before he shall have taken or made and subscribed such Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, which shall have been done or performed by any Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take or make and subscribe the Oath or Affirmation by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or nullified; but every such Proceeding shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath or made such Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Boars Head in Long Preston, or at some other convenient Place upon or near to the said District of Road, on the Second Wednesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, for the Purpose of proceeding in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act, and shall then adjourn to and meet at the Golden Lion in Settle, or at some other convenient Place upon or near to the said District of Road; and the said Trustees shall and may then and from Time to Time adjourn to and meet at such Time and at such Place, upon or near to the said District of Road, as they shall think proper : Provided always, that no Adjournment of the said Trustees shall be for a longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months, and that all Meetings of the said Trustees shall be held between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any of their Meetings shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Removal of any such Officer or Officers, may appoint another or others in his or their Stead; and Seven Days Notice shall be given by any Two or more of the said Trustees, and shall be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates standing or

5 being

1023

4° GEORGII IV. CJcp. xlix.

being on or across the said Road, of every Meeting where any such Appointment or Removal shall be intended to be made after the First Meeting of the said Trustees, specifying the Intention of appointing or removing such Officer or Officers; and the said Trustees shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed, or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, for their Services in or about the carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Col- Trustees may

lector or Receiver of the Tolls hereby granted shall neglect or be incapable appoint tem-of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, or shall other- 0 ‘

wise misbehave or misconduct himself, it shall and may be lawful for any

Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver, and in such Case, and also in case any Collector or Receiver shall die, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the Trustees, or until removed by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, which Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as if he or they had been nominated and appointed at a Meeting called and held in pursuance of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful clerk and for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act Treasurer not as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such 10 be jj1 e Clerk, or the Clerk of or other Person in the Service or Employ of such same er80,* Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the

Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk for the Purposes of this Act; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk of or other Person in the Service or Employ of such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any Treasurer shall hold any Place of Profit or Trust under this Act other than that of Treasurer, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign,

Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees to continue all and every or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erect Toll and Toll Houses now standing and being in, upon, or across the said Gate?> &c* District of Road, or on the Sides thereof; and to erect, set up, and build

in, upon, or across the Road hereby intended to be maintained, repaired, amended, or made, or any Part of the same, or upon or across the Entrance to any Road, Lane, or Way, leading into the same or any Part

* thereof.

1024

4° GEORGII IV. Cfljo.xlix.

thereof, as when and where they shall judge necessary, any Gate, Turnpike, Side Bar, or Chain, and also one or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniencies thereto, at or near any Toll Gate or Weighing Machine upon the said Road, and to take in and inclose on the Sides of the said Road suitable Garden Spots for such Toll House or Toll Houses (not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre each), with such Number of Lamps at such Toll House or Toll Houses as they shall think necessary; and from Time to Time to take down and remove, or to alter and discontinue the same or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and direct or appoint.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Second Wednesday next after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or for any Person under their Authority, to demand and take the following Tolls at every Turnpike, Toll Gate, Side Bar, or Chain to be continued, erected, or placed by virtue of this Act, in, upon, across, or on the Sides of the said District of Road, and in, upon, across, or on the Sides of the Diversions or Branches herein-before directed to be made from and out of such District of Road, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same respectively j (that is to say).

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Coach, Barouche, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Curricle, Caravan, Chair, or other wheeled Carriage, not being a Waggon or Cart, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels whereof shall be of the Breadth of Six Inches or more at the Bottom or Sole thereof, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number. Which said respective Sums of Money hereby authorized to be demanded and taken as aforesaid, shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Toll, and the same shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied and disposed of in manner herein-after directed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person, remssfng11 having paid the said Tolls and producing a Ticket from the Collector de-once through not^ng such Payment, shall be permitted to pass and repass once in the the same Toll same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve Gate in One of the Clock in the succeeding Night, through the Toll Gates or Toll Bars mentioned in such Ticket, with the same Horses or other Beasts, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, without being subject or liable to any additional Toll for so doing; and no Person shall be permitted to pass a subsequent Time in any one Day (to be computed as aforesaid) with the same Cattle through any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars aforesaid, until he shall have paid for every such subsequent Time of passing ' through

1025

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. xlix.

through any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars on the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid, with the same Horses, Beasts, or Cattle,- such Tolls not exceeding the Tolls herein-before mentioned, as the said Trustees shall direct or appoint; and such Person for any such Payment for such subsequent passing shall be permitted to repass through such Toll Gates or Toll Bars, with the same Horses, Beasts, or Cattle the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid, without Payment of any other Toll.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no more than Five full 'foils shall be demanded or taken of or from any Person or Persons, for or in respect of the same Horse or Horses, or other Beasts or Cattle, or Carriage or Carriages, in any one Day, to be computed as aforesaid, for passing and repassing once through all or any of the said Toll Gates or Toll Bars to be erected under the Powers of this Act.

XVII. And whereas by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Acl for more effectually improving the Road from Richmond in the County of York to Lancaster in the County ^Lancaster, and the Road from Richmond to Lucy Cross, and from Gilling to the Turnpike Road on Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, the Trustees acting in Execution of such Act have erected a Toll Gate upon the said Road at a certain Place called Wall Head in the Township of Ireby in the said County of Lancaster: And whereas by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Toll House Beck, in the Township of Ireby in the County of Lancaster, to Kirkby Lonsdale and Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, and through Kirkby Lonsdale to Milnthorpe in the said County, the Trustees acting in Execution of such Act have erected a Toll Gate near Thornton Bridge, in the Parish of Thornton, in the West Riding of the County oiTork, and which said Toll Gate is called the Thornton Gate : And whereas the said Two last-mentioned Toll Gates are placed within Three Miles Distance of each other, and it would be a heavy Burthen upon the several Persons travelling upon the Roads hereby directed to be made and repaired, from the Village of Ingleton, in the said West Riding of the County of Tirk, towards the Town of Kirkby Lonsdale, in the said County of Westmorland, that they should be subject to the Payment of Toll at Three different Toll Gates within the short Distance of Three Miles, and to which such Persons would be subject in the Event of a Toll Gate being erected between such Two last-mentioned Toll Gates; be it therefore' further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Trustees acting in the Execution of this Act, or of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, to erect or place, or cause to be erected or placed, any Turnpike or "loll Gate upon or across any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made and repaired, which lies between the said Gate-at Wall Head and the said Gate at Thornton Bridge, as herein-before mentioned; any thing in this Act, or in the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Tolls hereby granted shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing any Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, or Stage

[Local.'] 12 0 Waggon,

Tollafor passing through all the Toll Gales.

Restraining Trustees from erecting Gates on certain Parts of the Road. 57 0.3.

Stage Coaches to pav every Time of passing.

1026 4° GEORGII IV. Ca/j.xlix.

Waggon, or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay or Reward, every Time of passing or repassing along the said Road.

Enabling

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls Trustees to arising on the said Road shall be demised or let to farm to any Person or tale Posses- persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Far-H°ous°es when mer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms let to farm, and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let; or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Part or Instalment thereof, shall be in arrear or unpaid for the Space of Fourteen Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid, pursuant to the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting thereof; or in case such Lease, Agreement, or Contract, shall in any other Manner become void; then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said West Riding, upon Application made by the said Trustees, or by any Person by them appointed on their behalf, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of every or any Toll House, Toll Gate, Bar or Chain, or Weighing Machine, and the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the Daytime, and to remove and put such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arising thereout respectively, or other the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the same, and from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls, and to give to the said Trustees, or other Persons acting by or under their Authority, Possession thereof; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall think fit, to vacate and determine the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall accordingly be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other unperformed or broken Obligations, Covenants, or Agreements on the Lessee’s Part) as if such Lease, Agreement, or Contract had never been made; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees in every such case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected in such and the same Manner as if no former Lease, Agreement, or Contract had been made relative thereto.

Application of the Tolls and Money borrowed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Tolls or other Monies already received by virtue of the said former Acts, and of each of them, on account of the said District of Road, or out of the Tolls and any other Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees shall, in the first Place, and in Preference to all other Disbursements whatever, pay and discharge all Costs and Expences relative or incident to the procuring and passing of this Act, and the Remainder of all such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Money borrowed or now owing by virtue of the said former Acts or any of them on account of the said District of Road, or which may hereafter be bor. rowed on the Credit of this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively, and in repairing, widening, improving, and rendering commodious the said District of Road, and in making and maintaining

1027

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xWx.

the Diversions from such District of Road herein-before mentioned and described, and in otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Sums and Sum of Money now due and owing by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, on account of the said District of Road, and secured by a Mortgage or Mortgages of the Tolls on such Road, and the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the same, and the Interest of the same Sums and Sum of Money, shall, as Mortgages of or Incumbrances on the Tolls to be levied by virtue of this Act, and the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the same, have Priority over and be paid before any Monies to be hereafter borrowed.

XXII. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Lines of the Diversions from the said District of Road, and the Lands through which the same are intended to be carried, together with a Book of Reference, containing a List of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York; be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of the Peace, to the end that all Persons may, at all seasonable Times, have liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, at their Will and Pleasure, paying to the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts from the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees in making the said Diversions shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons through whose Land such Deviation shall be made.

XXlil. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Diversions of Road into, through, across, and over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be the Owner or Owners of any Lands or Grounds set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted or misstated in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York, and be certified accordingly by Writing under their Hands, that such Omission or Misstatement proceeded from Mistake.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the said Trustees to make such Diversions, of Road shall not extend to the pulling down or making use of any Dwelling House or other Building, or to the taking in or making use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Paddock, Park, Plantation, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or of any Part of the same respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

Monies duo under former Acts to be repaid before Monieswhich shall be hereafter borrowed.

Plan deposited with Clerk of the Peace may be inspected.

Lands

marked in the Plan may be used notwithstanding Errors in the Book of Reference.

Dwelling House*, &c. not to be injured

XXV. Arid

1028

Trustees not incompetent Evidence.

Directing how Costs and Damages are to be recovered.

Justices to

determine

Differences

touching

Statute

Work.

4° GEORGII IV. C(tp>xlix.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Dispute, Suit* or Litigation, touching or in anywise relating to the Execution of this Act, or of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, no Person acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, or of the said recited Act, shall be incompetent to give Testimony or Evidence therein, by reason of his being such Trustee as aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered by any Justice or Justices of the Peace to be paid in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act or of this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justices, from any Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Directions or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be, and such Treasurer shall and he is hereby authorized to retain, out of the first Monies which shall come to his Hands by virtue of this Act, the Amount of such Costs and Expences so paid by him as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are subject or liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which the said Road or any Part thereof lies, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money

received

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlix.

received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township. Hamlet, Division, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, are by •Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject or liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such. Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors by their Order shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees) shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off or discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied [Loo?/.] 12 E towards

1030 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. xlix.

towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his and their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways shall live or reside, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees.

[Public Act.]

XX

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and

taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon ment and the Second Wednesday next after the passing hereof, and shall continue Term of Act. and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-oneYears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

4

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 1.

An Act for repairing the Road from Sage Cross in the Town of Melton Mowbray in the County of Leicester to the Town of Grantham in the County of Lincoln.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Sage Cross, 20 (>. T. c. 95. in the Town of Melton Mowbray in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham in the County of Lincoln: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Tears and 41 G.Cl. c. 87. from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twentieth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from Sage Cross in the Town of Melton Mowbray in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham in the County of Lincoln : And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers thereby vested in them, and have from rime to Time for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the 'l olls thereby granted, which Money now remains due and owing: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third [Local.] 12 F Year

1034 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. I.

3 Cm 4. c. 126. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas the said Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, nor can the Money so borrowed be repaid, unless the Term now subsisting under the said Acts be further continued: And whereas it will facilitate the Execution of the Purposes aforesaid if the said recited Acts, passed in the Twentieth and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, were repealed, and if further and other Powers and Provisions were granted instead thereof: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assem-Former Acts bled, anc* by Authority of the same, That upon the Second Thursday repealed. next after the passing of this Act the said recited Acts, passed in the Twentieth and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same are hereby respectively declared to be repealed, and instead thereof this Act shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the present Turnpike Road leading from Sage Cross in the Town of Melton Mowbray in the County of Leicester, to the North-east Side of a certain Lane between or in the Parishes or Townships of Spittlegate in the County of Lincoln and Grantham in the same County, or one of them, called Sand-pit Lane, which said Road passes out of, from, through, or into the several Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, Precincts, and Places follow-Parishes. ing; (that is to say), Melton Mowbray, Thorpe Arnold, Waltham-on-the-WQuids, Branston, Crouton Kcrrial, and Han ton, in the said County of Leicester, and Denton, Harlaxton, Spittlegate, and Grantham, in the said New Term County of Lincoln; and this Act and the Term and Tolls hereby granted SablJto'S shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment formerDebts. of all Monies heretofore borrowed for making, repairing, and maintaining such Road, and now due or owing upon the Credit or on account of the said former Acts respectively, or secured upon or made payable out of such Tolls respectively, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, or on the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected respectively.

3 G.4. c.l‘26. ii. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, passed in this Act W the Third Year of ,he ReiSn of His Present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

Apjjojntiiiein in. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Leicester, and for the Parts of Kesteven in the County of Lincoln, and also Charles Allix, William Alsop, Robert Gordon Andrews Clerk, William Annis, Edward Arnold, George Ashburn, William Atkinson Clerk, William Bagshaw Clerk, John Barston, Gilbert 9 Beresford

1035

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 1.

Beresford .Clerk, John Ber ridge, Janies Thomas Bishop, William Bissill Clerk, Thomas Black, William Blake, William Blower, Richard Boy fields John Bright Clerk, Edward Bright, John Suffield Brown, Henry Brown Clerk, Henry Hinde Brown, Thomas Buck, William Bullivant, John Bul-livant, John Bunting, Thomas Beaumont Burnaby Clerk, Edwin Andrew Burnaby, John Dick Burnaby, Andrew Burnaby Clerk, William Butcher Clerk, Robert Calcroft, John Charles Lucas Calcroft, John William Calvert Doctor of Medicine, Andrew Carpendale, John Carpendale, '7homos Carter, Edmund Cartwright Clerk, William Todkill Catlett, Charles Chaplin, Thomas Chettle, Sir Mountague Cholmeley Baronet, Mount ague John Cholme ley, Lewin Cholmely, Thomas Clarke, John Cleathing Clerk, the Honourable Clifford, Thomas Henry Coles Doctor of Divinity, Christopher Compton, John Compton, James Cook, James Bingham Copestake Clerk, James Copley, John Corrie Clerk, George Coward, John Cowherd Clerk, Richard Cragge Clerk, the Honourable Henry Cust Clerk, the Honourable Richard Cust Clerk, the Honourable William Cust, the Honourable Peregrine Francis Cust, the Honourable Edward Cust, Francis Darker, William Day, Richard Day, John Day, Richard Dickens, Thomas Dixon, William Dodwell Clerk, William Dowdeswell, William Easton Clerk, Richard Etough Doctor of Divinity, Exton, Thomas Exton, John Fabling, George David Faithful Clerk, Norton Fletcher, Francis Forrester, Thomas Fowler, John Garner, William Gibson Clerk, Peter Godfrey, Thomas Godfrey Clerk, Godfrey, George Gordon Doctor of Divinity, George Gordon the younger Clerk, Thomas Gozna, Gregory de Ligne Gregory, Edward Gregory Clerk, John Hack, Thomas Hack, William Hall, Henry Hall, Andrew Hamilton Clerk, Thomas Handley, Dymcck Hardy, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp Baronet, George Harry William Hartopp, Edward Hartopp, Edward Hartopp the younger, Samuel Hartopp Clerk, Evans Hartopp Clerk, Richard Healey, William Healey, Robert Henson Clerk, George I lent on, Wright Henton, Sir Robert Heron Baronet, Thomas Hickling, Richard Hill, William Hill, Richard Holt, Ilopkinson Clerk, Seth Hose, Rowland Hoyle

Clerk, William Humberstone, Samuel Hurst, John Hutton Clerk, John Jackson Clerk, Richard Inett, William Inctt, James Raymond Johnstone, Robert Judd the elder, Thomas Keal, John Keal, George Anthony Legh Keck, Jonathan Kendal Clerk, Charles Edward Kendal Clerk, Sir Charles Egleton Kent Baronet, William King, Robert King, Kipling

Clerk, William Farmorie Kirke, Joseph Kirkby, the Honourable William Lambe, the Honourable Frederick James Lambe, the Honourable George Lambe, John Langwith, Charles Latham, William Latham, Joseph Lawrence, Beaumont Lxeson, Frederic Lely, John Litchford, John Pinchbeck Mackinder, the Honourable Charles Manners commonly called Lord Charles Manners, the Honourable Robert Manners commonly called Lord Robert Manners, Fauston Manners, Edward Manners, Roger Manners, Otbo Manners, Thomas Manners, William Man, George Marriott, John Marshall, William Martin Clerk, John May dwell Clerk, William Miller, Miller, Edward Monkton, John Morres Clerk, William Musson, John Myers Clerk, William Neale, Frederick Newcombe, John Newton, John Noble Clerk, Richard Norman, Charles Norman, Thomas Norris Clerk, George Osborne Clerk, William Ostler, William Ostler the younger, Thomas Paget, Sir Lawrence Palk Baronet, Rawson Parke, James Parke, Samuel Parke, the Honourable William John Frederick Paulet, Richard Peete, the Honourable Edward Perceval, Edward Tufton Phelp, Thomas Plaskett Clerk, William Potchett Clerk, Charles Rahy Clerk, John Reeve,

William

1036

Meetings

Trustee*.

appoint Fi' additional Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 1.

William Key Reeve Clerk, Thomas Birch Reynardson, John Scott Clerk, William Shepherd, William Shuttle-wood, John Simpson of Melton Mowbray, John Simpson of Brentingby, Thomas Simpson, Bernard Smith Clerk, Ayscough Smith, John Snow, Francis Stanhope, Stanhope,

Edmund Stevens, Thomas Stowe, Isaac Taylor, William Pennington Thack-ray Clerk, Sir John Hay ford Thorold Baronet, George Thorold Clerk, Michael Thorold Clerk, James Torkington, Leonard Elye Towne Clerk, William Tupman, John Frewin Turner, Baptist Noel Turner Clerk, George Turner Clerk, John Turner Clerk, Robert Turner, William Turner Doctor of Medicine, Edmund Tumor, Richard Vevers Clerk, Daniel Wagstajf Clerk, John Walker Clerk, David Wall, Chamberlain Webster, William Webster, Sir William Earle Welby Baronet, Glynne Earle Welby, Thomas Earle Welby, Montague Earle Welby Clerk, Charles Cope Earle Welby, Richard Earle Welby, John Earle Welby Clerk, John Whitchurch, Reuben Whitchurch, William Williamson Clerk, George Williamson, George Williamson the younger, Christopher Williamson, Thomas Wilson Doctor of Medicine, Wing, Vincent Wing, Thomas Wingfield Clerk, William

Woodhall Clerk, George Woodcock Clerk, Simon Torke, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall meet together on the Second Thursday next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Sign of The Peacock in the Town of Crouton Kerrial aforesaid, and shall then and there proceed to carry into Execution this Act, and shall also yearly and every Year during the Continuance of this Act meet at some convenient Place at Grantham aforesaid, on the Third Thursday in the Month of March, and at some convenient Place in the Town of Melton Mowbray aforesaid, on the Second Wednesday in the Month of July; and that the General Annual Meeting of the Trustees required by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to be held in the Months of April, September or October, shall be at the Sign of The Peacock, or some other convenient Place at the Town of Croxton Kerrial aforesaid; and the said Trustees shall and may at such Meetings, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet again at such Place or Places on or near to any Part of the said Road as the said Trustees or the major Part of them present at any such Meetings shall think proper and appoint for carrying this Act into Execution.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for. the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at their First or Second Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act at Croxton Kerrial aforesaid, to elect and appoint any Number of Persons (not exceeding Five in the Whole), in addition to the Number of Trustees herein named and appointed, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act $ and such Persons so elected and appointed, and being duly qualified, shall be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act as if they had been herein named.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. I. 1037

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person hereby appointed or Trustees t(> who shall hereafter be chosen or appointed a Trustee, shall be qualified ta e&n al or capable of becoming and acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath, or (being One of the People called Quakers) the Affirmation following, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

' do swear (or, being one of the People called Quakers,

* do solemnly affirm). That I will truly, faithfully, and impartially act

* in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers reposed in me by virtue of

‘ an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act \_here insert the Title ‘ of this Act."\ So help me GOD.’

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words 6 So help me GOD.*]

Provided always, that if any Person not having taken and subscribed the Oath, or being a Quaker not having made and subscribed the Affirmation herein-before mentioned shall nevertheless act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, or the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds tc any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint,

Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person had acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that no Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mort- Mortgagees gage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of the of Tolls not Tolls or receiving Interest thereout for the same, shall on that Account ^n^hat*Ac only be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this count.

Act, any thing in the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any of their Appoint-Meetings shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Clerk or Clerks, nient of Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Sur- Officere* veyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Officer or Officers may appoint another or others in his or their Stead, and every such Appointment shall be entered in the Book of the Proceedings of the Trustees; and the said Trustees shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers as shall be appointed or continued by virtue of this Act, and other Persons employed or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in or about the carrying this Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

11 G

1038

Trustees not to vote in the Removal or Election of Officers on the Day on which they qualify.

old Officers to continue until new Ones elected.

Clerk not to act as Treasurer and

Trustees may appoint temporary Collectors.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 1.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Trustee, except His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall be capable of voting or acting in any Removal, Nomination, or Appointment of any Officer or Officers, upon Death or any other Vacancy, on the same Day on which he shall have taken and subscribed the Oaths required by this Act and the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, to be taken and subscribed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor and other Officer, other than the Treasurer or Treasurers, appointed under and by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or either of them, shall hold and enjoy such their several and respective Offices and Employments until removed therefrom by the Trustees for executing this Act; and each and every such Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer shall have the like Power and Authority for the Purposes of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties, and to the like Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he had been appointed by virtue of this Act.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has or have been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has or have been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls hereby granted shall neglect or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond, resign, or absent himself, or otherwise misbehave or misconduct himself, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver, and in such case to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the Trustees, or until removed by virtue of the Powers

6 and

1039

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 1.

and Provisions of this Act, which Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as if he or they had been nominated and appointed at a Meeting called and held in pursuance of this Act; and if any Collector or Receiver who shall be discharged from his said Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or any of the Children or Family of any Collector or Receiver who shall be discharged, or who shall have absconded or absented himself, or any other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building with the Appurtenances to be continued or erected or set up by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Two Days after Notice to quit shall have been left in Writing at such Toll House or Building signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting), then and in any of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Division, District, Liberty, or Place wherein such Toll House or Buildings shall be situate, upon Application made by the said Trustees or by any Person by them appointed on their behalf, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Daytime, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the same, and to put the said Trustees or any one of them, or their new appointed Officer into the Possession thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the l’ower to said Trustees to continue the Melton Toll Gate, the Braunston Lings Toll continue and Gate, the Spittlegate Toll Gate, and the Side Gate called the Hassock Lane eifctTd!r!1| Bar, and all and every of the Toll Houses and Weighing Machines now °

standing and being near to the said Toll Gates, or such of them as they Weighing shall think proper, and also to erect or set up or build, or cause to be Machines, erected, set up, or built, upon, in, or across the said Road, or in, upon, or &c-across the Entrance or within Two hundred Yards of the Entrance of any Road or Lane that doth or shall lead into or out of the said Road or any Part thereof, when and as they shall judge necessary (subject to the Restrictions and Directions herein-after contained concerning the same), any other Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Gate or Side Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, and any Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, and also any Toll House or Toll Houses with Outbuildings and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Toll Gate or Weighing Machine, and to take in and inclose on the Sides of the said Road suitable Garden-plots for such Toll House or Toll Houses, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre each, with such Lamp or Number of Lamps at or near such Toll House or Toll Houses as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to take down and remove or again to put up in a different Situation, or to alter and discontinue the present or any future Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes,

Side Gate or Side Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, and also any Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, and also any Toll House or Toll Houses with the Outbuildings thereunto belonging, or any of them, as the said Trustees shall think proper and direct or appoint: Provided always, that none of the said Toll Gates or Weighing Machines shall be removed or taken away as aforesaid, or any new Toll Gate erected or set

up,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 1.

up, unless Notice in Writing of the Intention to remove, erect, or set up the same respectively, shall have been affixed upon all the Toll Gates then standing upon and belonging to the said Road, and inserted in some public Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated in each of the Counties of Leicester and Lincoln, Fourteen Days at least previous to the Meeting at which the Order for Removal or new Erection as the Case may be, is intended to be made, and unless Three Trustees at the least shall sign the said Order at such Meeting.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed by virtue of this Act Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take the Tolls following at the several and respectiveTurnpikes or Toll Gates or Toll Houses or Side Bars or Side Gates or Chains which are or is or shall be standing and being or continued or erected by virtue of this Act in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road or any Part thereof, on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say),

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Coach, Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis-a-vis, Barouch, Phaeton, Chaise Marine, Calash, Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whiskey, Hearse, Litter, Chaise, or other Four or Two-wheeled Carriage, of the like kind, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Drug, Cart, or other Carriage of the like kind, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Four-wheeled Carriage in any manner fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage drawing, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Two-wheel Carriage having any Person therein or being laden in any manner, fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage drawing, the Sum of One Shilling:

For the same if unladen or empty, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Pair of Mill Stones drawn by Five or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Drug so constructed as that the Distance between the Axletrees thereof measured at the Ends shall be more than Nine Feet, and laden otherwise than with a single Piece of Timber, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence over and above the Toll or Duty payable for the Horses drawing the same:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said Sumsof Money or Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, Ass, Beast, or other Cattle, Coach, Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike Gate, or Toll Gate, or Side Bar or Side

Gate

JG4J

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 1.

Gate or Chain already erected and continued or to be erected and continued by virtue of this Act upon or across the said Road or any Part thereof, or upon or across any Lane or Way leading into the same; and which said respective Tolls .shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act in manner herein-after directed : Provided always, that upon Payment of any of the Tickets to be Tolls granted or made payable by or by virtue of this Act the Collector or printed. Receiver shall and he is hereby required to deliver gratis to the Persons paying such Toll a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Name of the Gate at which the Toll is received, and of the Gate or Gates, if any, which such Ticket shall free : Provided also, that the Melton Toll Bar and the Side Gate adjoining shall be Ticket Bars to each other, and that any Person having paid Toll at either of the said Gates shall pass free and not be liable to the Payment of Tolls at the other Gate on the same Day; and that the Spittlegate Bar and the Hassock Lane Bar shall be Ticket Bars to each other, and that any Person having paid Toll at either of the said Two last-mentioned Gates shall pass free and not be liable to the Payment of Tolls at the other Gate on the same Day.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Lime for improving Lands.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Tolls to be shall have paid the Toll hereby authorized to be taken for the passing paid but of any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage through any One of the said Once a Day. Toll Gates continued or erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act,

such Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage (except Horses or other Beasts of Draught drawing any Stage Coach, Van, Caravan, or Stage Waggon, or other Stage Carriage, or any Post Chaise or other such like Carriage let out to hire when any new Hiring thereof shall be made), shall, upon a Ticket denoting the Payment thereof for that Day being produced, (which Ticket the Collector or Collectors of such Tolls is and are hereby required to deliver gratis to the Person paying the same, and on such Ticket shall be named and specified the Gate at which the same shall have been paid, and also the Gate and Gates (if any) freed by the Payment of such Toll), be permitted to pass Toll free through the same Toll Gate, and also through such other Gate or Gates as the Ticket for such Payment shall free, at any Time or Times during the same Day,' to be computed as aforesaid, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein jjomore contained shall extend or be construed to extend to empower the said than Three Trustees to cause more than Three full Tolls to be demanded or taken fuhTolls to for or in respect of the Passage of the same Horses, Beasts, Cattle, and Car- |j*ePg^n riages, or other Thing or Things through all the several Turnpike or Toll

Gates now erected or to be erected on the said Road.

Lime used in improving Lands, &c. exempt from Tolls.

12 H

1042

Stage

Coaches and Post Chaises to pay every Time.

No Person to exercise Three Horses at Once, having one on each Side of him.

Former Debts, &c. vested in new Trustees.

under former Acts to be valid.

Books of Proceedings made Evidence.

4° GEORGII IV; Cap. 1.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or other Cattle drawing any Stage Coach, Van, Caravan, or Stage Waggon, ;or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay or Redferd, every Time of passing or repassing along the said Road, and also for and in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Road, upon every Time of a new Hiring of such Post Chaise or other Carriage, on a Ticket being produced denoting a fresh Hiring.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall exercise Three Horses at the same Time upon any Part of the said Turnpike Road, by riding one of them and leading the others, one on each Side of him, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Arrears of Tolls or Rents or other Monies due to, and Property real or personal, and all Choses in and Rights of Action, either at Law or in Equity, vested in the said Trustees under the said former Acts or either of them, shall immediately on the Commencement of this Act be vested in the Trustees for executing this Act, who shall be and are hereby enabled to sue for and recover the same, and for that Purpose to cause to be commenced and prosecuted all Actions and Suits at Law or in Equity, and to act in respect thereof as effectually as if the same had become due to or had been vested in them under and by virtue of this Act; or such Arrears of Tolls or Rents or other Monies so due to the said Trustees under the said recited Acts as aforesaid, or either of them, by virtue of any Deed or Specialty, shall or may be sued for and recovered in the Name or Names of the Trustee or Trustees to or with whom such Deed or Specialty shall have been so made or entered into, at the Option or Election of the Trustees for executing this Act; and that all the Costs to be incurred by the Trustees or Persons in whose Names suchlProceedings shall be had, shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and the Monies when recovered shall be paid over to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Conveyances, Assurances, Mortgages, and Securities, and all Deeds, Bonds, Contracts, and Agreements, granted, made, or entered into under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts or either of them, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as the same respectively would have been in case the said recited Acts had remained unrepealed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Books and Book of Proceedings which may have been kept by the Trustees acting in the Execution of the Acts hereby repealed, or by their Treasurer or Clerk under their Direction, according to the Provisions of such Acts, and also the Book or Books to be kept for the Purposes of this Act, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts, and by all Judges, Justices, and others.

10

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. I

XXII. And whereas divers Creditors on the said Road may have lost or mislaid the Mortgages or Assignments of the Tolls executed by the Trustees, for securing to him, her, or them the Principal Money lent on the Credit of the said Acts hereby repealed, or the Tolls thereby granted, with Interest for the same, or the Transfers of such Mortgages or Assignments j and it is reasonable that in cases where it can be proved to the Satisfaction of the Trustees that any Person is truly and bond fide entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money secured on the Tolls granted by the sad last-mentioned Acts or either of them, although they cannot produce the said Mortgage Security, that another Assignment of the Tolls hereby granted shall be executed, for securing the Repayment of the Money now due on the Credit of the said Acts or the Tolls thereby granted; be it therefore further enacted, That in any case where it shall appear by the Books kept by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees for executing this Act, or by any other satisfactory Evidence adduced at any Meeting of the said Trustees, that any Person or Persons is or are a Creditor or Creditors on Security of the Tolls granted by the said Acts hereby repealed or either of them, and that the Mortgage or Assignment of the Tolls for securing any such Sum or Sums of Money, or the Transfer thereof, has been lost, mislaid, or by Accident destroyed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees or any Three or more of them to execute, at the Expence of the Person or Persons applying for the same, an Assignment of the Tolls by this Act granted, for the Sum or Sums of Money mentioned in such original Assignment or Transfer, and every Assignment so to be executed shall be valid and effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, when and as they shall judge necessary, to set apart such annual Sum as they shall think proper (such Sum not being less than Twenty Pounds) during the Continuance of this Act, to be appropriated and paid out of the Tolls to arise at the several Toll Gates on the said Road, towards the gradual Payment of the Principal Sum or Sums of Money already or hereafter to be borrowed, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think proper and expedient.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That out of any Monies already received by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or out of the first Monies which shall be raised or received by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees shall in the first Place pay and discharge all the Expences and Costs relative to the procuring and passing of this Act, and the Remainder of such Monies shall from Time to Time be employed in erecting Turnpikes, Toll Houses and Weighing Machines, and in amending, widening, altering, and improving the said Road and keeping the same in repair, and in defraying all the Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, and in repaying the Principal Monies by this Act charged or to be borrowed and the Interest due or to grow due thereon.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered by any Justice or Justices of the Peace to be paid in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His pre-

1043

Where old Securities are lost new ones may be executed.

Appropria-

Application of Tolls and other Mo-

Directing how Costs and Damages are to be recovered.

1044 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 1.

sent Majesty or of this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever done or committed by the said Trustees or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justices, from any Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer in pursuance of the Directions or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under Ids Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be; and such Treasurer shall and he is hereby authorized to retain, out of the first Monies which shall come to his Hands by virtue of this Act, the Amount of such Costs and Expences so paid by him as aforesaid.

Statute Labour bow to be regulated and enforced.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road by this Act authorized to be repaired or any Part or Parts thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, and for the Parts of Kesteven and for the Soke of Grantham in the County of Lincoln, within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done and performed upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Tithings, Hamlets, Districts, Divisions, or Places in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, District, Division, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors; and in order thereunto, the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, District, Division, or Place shall, on an Order in Writing made by the said Justices on an Application to them by the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, or by their Clerk or

Surveyor,

1045

4° GEORjGII IV. Cap. 1.

Surveyor, and respectively delivered to such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode, bring and deliver within Ten Days afterwards to the said Turnpike Surveyor, or to his Place of Abode, true and perfect Lists in Writing of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, District, Division, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do and perform Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and the said Turnpike Surveyor having received such Lists, shall within Five Days afterwards give a Notice to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the Time when such Lists will be laid before the said Justices in order to apportion the said Statute Duty, and at the Time appointed in and by such Notice the said Lists shall be laid before the Justices by the said Turnpike Surveyor in the Presence of the said Surveyor of the Highways if he shall attend, and out of such Lists the said Justices respectively shall or may appoint and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest), and on such Part or Parts, of the said Road, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, District, Division, or Place, for the Time being, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do and perform such Statute Work or Duty as aforesaid (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees) shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, or by any Person employed by him, such Surveyor or other Person is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person so coming to work or sending such Labourer as aforesaid shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Penalties aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come or send a Labourer, or such Team or Draught, Horse or Beast, had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; and [Local.] 12 / in

1046 4" GEORGII IV. Cap. 1.

in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, Tithirtgs, Hamlets, Districts, Divisions, or Places in which the said Road lies, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees and applied towards amending the said Road; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, and the Parts of Kesteven and the Soke of Grantham in the County of Lincoln, within their respective Jurisdictions, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor of the said Trustees.

[Public Act.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on Continuance the Second Thursday next after the passing hereof, and shall continue Ot the Act. and be in force for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

LON DON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; 1823.

Q.1J I

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

If

Cap. li.

An Act for improving and maintaining in Repair divers Roads in the County of Stafford, leading from Newcastle-under-Lyme to Blyth Marsh, from Cliff Bank to Snape Marsh, from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, and from Shelton to Newcastle-under-Lyme.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled 30 r sin Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of " G*2’ c,60‘ Derby to the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme in the County tf/’Stafford, whereby the several Roads therein described were divided into Two Districts, and the Road leading from the Town of Uttoxeter in the said County of Stafford, to the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme aforesaid, was thereby declared to be the Second District of Roads comprized therein: And whereas another Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty lung George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing and enlarging the 3G. 3. c. 57. Term and Powers of an Act made in the Thirty-second Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme in the County of Stafford; and for repairing and widening the Road from Cliff Bank to Snape Marsh in the Village of Shelton in the County of Stafford; by which now reciting Act, the said Road from Cliff Bank to Snape Marsh in Shelton was included in and made Part of the Second District constituted by the said first recited Act: And whereas another Act was passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George [Local.] 12 K the

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. li.

c. 109. the Third, intituled An Act to empower the Trustees for amending the Road from Uttoxeter to Newcastle-under-Lyme in the County of Stafford to repair and widen the Road branching out of the said Road at Lower Lane to the Turnpike Road on Hem Heath in the same County: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the

.e.98. Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth T°.ars of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme, and from Cliff Bank to Snape Marsh, and also from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, all in the County of Stafford; by which now reciting Act, the Roads comprehended in the said Second District, were again subdivided into Two other Districts, One of which Districts was thereby directed to be called The Newcastle-under-Lyme District, and to comprize the Road from the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme, to and through the Villages and Places of Stoke-upon-Trent, Lane Delph, Lane End, and Meer, and from thence to a Dwelling House on Blyth Marsh, then in the Tenure of Thomas Bromley, and also the Roads from Cliff Bank to Snape Marsh aforesaid, and from Lower Lane to Hem Heath aforesaid; and in and by the now reciting Act it was provided, that One Moiety or Half Part of the Debts which were then owing upon the Credit of the said before-mentioned Second District, should thereafter be charged (as between the Two Districts created by the now reciting Act) upon the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District, and that the other Moiety or Half Part of the same Debts should thereafter be charged (as between the same Two Districts) upon a District of Roads constituted by the now reciting Act, and thereby directed to be called The Uttoxeter District; and the Repayment of the Entirety of the said Debts was guaranteed to the several Creditors, upon the Tolls arising as well within the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District, as within the said Uttoxeter District: And whereas the principal Sum of Two thousand and five hundred Pounds besides Interest, (being the Amount of the Debts charged in the Manner aforesaid upon the said Two last mentioned Districts) is now due upon Mortgage of the Tolls arising as well within the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District, as within the said Uttoxeter District, and in conformity with the Provisions of the said lastly recited Act, the Interest of the said Debt is defrayed at the joint and equal Charge of the said Two Districts: And whereas the Term and Powers of the said recited Acts will shortly expire, and it is expedient to make Provision by Law, not only for the Security and Repayment of the said Debt so due and owing as aforesaid, but also for the Maintenance and Repair of the several Roads comprized in the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District: And whereas certain Parts of the Roads comprized in the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District are narrow and inconvenient, and as the said Roads pass through a very populous Country, it is of great Importance to the Public Safety and Accommodation that effectual Powers should be granted for widening and improving such narrow and inconvenient Parts of the said Roads: And whereas it would improve the Communications between the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme and Part of the neighbouring Potteries of Staffordshire, and would be of considerable public Utility, if a new Branch of Road were made and main-9 tained.

1051

4° GEORGII IV. CapM

tained, branching from One of the Roads comprized in the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District, near the Potworks now or lately in the Occupation of Messieurs Ford, in Shelton, to another of the said Roads near the East End of the King's Field in Newcastle-under-Lyme aforesaid, and from another Part of the last-mentioned Road, near the West End of the King's Field aforesaid, to the London and Liverpool Turnpike Road at the North End of Penkhull Street in Newcastle-under-Lyme aforesaid, and such new Branch of Road may be executed and maintained conveniently and beneficially for the Public, under the Care and Management of the Trustees for the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike 3G. 4.C. 126. Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : And whereas it would facilitate the Execution of the Purposes aforesaid, if the said first Four recited Acts, so far as the same relate to the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District, were repealed, and other Provisions made for the Maintenance and Repair of the said Roads: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing Four tirst of this Act the said first Four recited Acts, and all and every the Tolls, recited Acts Authorities, Powers, Enactments, Provisions, and Clauses therein con- repealed-tained, so far as the same Acts or any of them relate to the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed; and that this Act shall thenceforth commence and take effect, and continue in full Force and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as well for the Purpose of amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair all the before-mentioned Roads heretofore comprized in the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District; that is to say, the Road from the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme to and through the Villages and Places of Stoke-upon-Trent, Lane Delphi Lane End, and Meer, and from thence to the said Dwelling House on Blyth Marsh, now or heretofore in the Tenure of Thomas Bromley, and also the Roads from Cliff Bank to Snape Marsh in Shelton aforesaid, and from Lower Lane to Hem Heath aforesaid; as also for the Purpose of making and maintaining the said new Branch of Road from Shelton aforesaid to the London and Liverpool Turnpike Road in Newcastle-under-Lyme aforesaid, which new Branch of Road is to form and constitute a Part of the Roads comprized in the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District; and this Act, and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall and the same are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of such Part and Proportion of the said Mortgage Debt herein-before recited to be owing jointly from the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District and the said Uttoxeter District, and the Interest thereof, with which the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District was previously to the passing of this Act justly chargeable, under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of King George the Third; and this Act, and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall and the same are hereby declared to be also subject and liable to the Payment not only of all Monies now due and owing in respect of the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District separately, upon the Credit or on account of the said first Four recited Acts or any or them, but of all Monies which shall or may be hereafter borrowed or

become

1052

Trustees

appointed.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. li.

become due in respect of the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District separately, upon the Credit or on account of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, or of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected; and all and every Persons and Person owing any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing the said first Four recited Acts or any of them, so far as the same relate to the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District, shall be liable to the Payment thereof to the Trustees herein-after appointed or directed to be appointed for executing this Act; and all Conveyances, Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities made to or by, or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for executing the said first Four recited Acts or any of them, so far as the same relate to the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District, shall'remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same be fully satisfied and performed, on account and for the Benefit of the Trusts hereby created; and all Bargains, Contracts, Agreements, or Notices made, entered into, or given by the Trustees for executing the said first Four recited Acts or any of them, so far as the same relate to the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District of Roads, with or to any Person or Persons, for any Purpose relating to the said Roads, or to the Execution of the said first Four recited Acts or any of them, so far as the same relate to the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District, shall remain in full Force and Effect and be observed and kept by the Trustees under this Act, and by the other respective Parties to such Contracts, Agreements, or Notices, according to the Terms, Stipulations, and the true and equitable Intent and Meaning thereof, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said first Four recited Acts. II.

II. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Stafford for the Time being, together with the Right Honourable George Granville Leveson Gower commonly called Earl Gower, the Right Honourable Robert Sewallis Shirley commonly called Lord Viscount Tamworth, the Right Honourable Francis Leveson Gower commonly called Lord Francis Leveson Gower, the Honourable Thomas Windsor, the Honourable William Jervis Ricketts, the Honourable John Edward Ricketts, the Honourable William Scott, Sir John Fenton Boughey Baronet, William Adams of Cobridge, John Adams, William Adams the younger, Joseph Adams, Benjamin Adams Clerk, William Adams of Stoke, Robert Ellis Aitkens Clerk, Thomas Allen, John Anderton Clerk, Laurence Armitstead, John Astbury Doctor of Physic, James Astbury, John Aston, Ralph Aston, Samuel Bagshaw, William Baker, William Baker the younger, William Bailey, William Bailey the younger, John Ball, Thomas Bamford, John Birch Basnett Clerk, William Batkin, John Cooper Beckett, James Beech, Henry Stephens Belcombe Doctor of Physic, John Bennett, Richard Bent Doctor of Physic, John Bent, William Bent, Rowland Bent, John Warburton Berry, John Bill, Edmund John Birch, Edmund John Birch the younger, Thomas Phillips Birks, William Bishop, John Blunt Clerk, Hugh Booth, Joseph Booth, Thomas Fletcher Fenton Boughey, John Fenton Fletcher Boughey, George Fenton Fletcher Boughey, Ralph Bourne, John Bourne, Charles Bourne, Charles Bourne the younger, Thomas Brooke

Clerk,

1053

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. li.

Clerk, Ralph Brown, Richard Bull, Robert Bully Thomas Butt Clerk,

James Caldwell, James Stamford Caldwell, John Carey, Charles Benjamin Charlewood Clerk, George Chetwynd, Roylance Child, Baddeley Child, William Clarke, Ralph Clews, James Clews, Bernard Coombe, Thomas Gorton Coombe, Walter Hill Coyney, Walter Weston Coyney, John Davenport, John Davenport the younger, Henry Davenport, Thomas Drewry, Benjamin Eardley, John Eardley, George Wood Eaton, Thomas Edwards, William Edwards, John Fenton Clerk, Thomas Fenton, Robert Fenton, John Thomas Fenton, Thomas Firmstone, Richard Sutton Ford, George Forrister, John Gardner, James Gardner, James Godwin, James Greaves, Thomas Fenton Grosvenor, John Hadderton, John Hales, George Hall, Robert Hamilton,

Charles Harvey, John Harvey, Charles Hassells, Charles Stephen Hassells,

Richard Edensor Heathcote, Nigel W. Heathcote, Charles B. Heathcote,

Thomas Harley, Samuel Henshall, William Henshall, Richard Hicks, Caleb Hill, Robert Hill, William Hill, Richard Clarke Hill, Robert Hill, William Holland, John Hollins, Richard Hollins, Thomas Hollins, William Hyatt,

William Stevenson Hyatt, William Shepherd Kinnersly, Thomas Kinnersly,

Edward Kinnersly, John Kirkham, Samuel Langley Clerk, James Leech,

Clement Leigh Clerk, Edward John Littleton, John Lockett, James Main-waring Clerk, Matthew Mare, Samuel Mare, Charles Marc, Jacob Marsh,

George Miles Mason, Charles James Mason, John Mason, Thomas Mayer,

Thomas Mayer the younger, Joseph Mayer, Samuel Mayer, Samuel Mayer the younger, James Meakin, Job Mcigh, Charles Mcigh, Thomas Minton,

Thomas Webb Minton, Herbert Minton, Richard Mountford, Richard New-bold, William Nickisson, John Nickisson, Francis Hickin Northen Doctor of Physic, Thomas Hawe Parker, Thomas Peak, John Phillips, John Eldershaw Phillips, Thomas Phillips, John Philips, Thomas Plant, James Poole, Edward Powys Clerk, John Pratt, Felix Pratt, George Ridgway, John Ridg-way, William Ridgway, John Robison, Spencer Rogers, John Hendley Sheridan, Samuel Grey Simpson, John Smith of Fenton, John Smith of Penkhull,

John Smith Clerk, Robert S?nith, James Smith, John Gabriel Smith, Walter Sneyd, Ralph Sneyd, William Sneyd of Bradwell, William Sneyd of Ash-combe, William Debank Sneyd, Thomas Sparrow, Josiah Spode, Josiah Spode the younger, Thomas Stanier, Ralph Stevenson, Thomas Stirrup, William Swift, Thomas Swinnerton, Thomas Thompson, George Toilet, John Tomlinson, John Wickes Tomlinson, Frederick Wright Tomlinson, John Turner,

Francis Twemlow, Peter Walthall, Peter Walthall Clerk, Thomas Walthall,

Jacob Warburton, John Warburton, Thomas Ward, John Wedgwood of Bet-ley, Josiah Wedgwood, Josiah Wedgwood the younger, John Whalley Clerk,

John Whalley the younger, Daniel Whalley, John Turner Whieldon, George Whieldon, Edward Whieldon Clerk, Charles Wicksted, Robert Williamson,

Hugh Henshall Williamson, Thomas Wilson, John Wilson, George Wood, John Chappel Woodhouse Doctor in Divinity, Samuel Wright, John Tates, William Tates, and William Wingfield Tates, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act into Execution, within and for the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District of Roads.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Pro- Extending visoes, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Remedies, Matters, and Things General Ac« enacted and contained in the said last recited Act, passed in the Third to 1,1,3 Act* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act) shall be [LocaF] 12 L of

1054

Five additional Trustees may be appointed.

Trustees to take an Oath to act impartially.

Oath.

Penalty on acting without taking the Oath.

Meeting of Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. li.

of the same Force, Effect, and Validity, for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect and appoint any Number of Persons (not exceeding Five in the Whole, in addition to the Number of Trustees herein named and appointed), to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for any of the Purposes of this Act, (save as to the administering or receiving of the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned in the said last recited Act, and the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned) until at some Meeting of the said Trustees he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath, or being one of the People called Quakers, shall have made and subscribed the Affirmation herein-after mentioned, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby empowered to administer or receive such Oath or Affirmation in the Words following; (that is to say),

‘ do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers,

‘ A do solemnly affirm]. That I will faithfully and impartially, according ‘ to the best of my Judgment, act in the Execution and Performance of ‘ the several Trusts and Powers reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act}.

'So help me GOD.'

[Or, in the case of a Quaker, omit the Words ‘ So help me God.’]

And if any Person not having taken and subscribed the Oath herein-before mentioned, or being a Quaker, not having made and subscribed the Affirmation herein-before mentioned, shall nevertheless presume hereafter to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (save only in the Case before excepted), every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he has taken or made and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation in the Manner aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Prosecutor than Proof of such Person having so acted as a Trustee : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such disqualified Person previously to his being convicted of such Offence, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had duly conformed to the Provisions of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for executing this Act shall meet together at the Public Office, or at some other convenient Place

1055

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 11.

Place within the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme, upon the Third Saturday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall and may then, and from Time to Time thereafter, adjourn to and meet at such Times, and at such Place or Places, in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, as they shall think proper; and in case a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act shall not appear at any Time and Place appointed for a Meeting, then the Trustees or Trustee appearing at such Time and Place, or if no Trustee shall appear, then the Clerk shall, and they and he are and is hereby respectively authorized to adjourn the Meeting to the Place where the same was appointed to have been held, and to such Time as they or he shall think fit, not being more than Fourteen Days nor sooner than Seven Days from the Day of such last intended Meeting; and in case at any Time no Adjournment of any Meeting or intended Meeting shall be made as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk to the said Trustees, or for any Two or more of such Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, to call a Meeting of the Trustees, by Notice to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Stafford, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the said Roads, appointing the Trustees to meet at such Time and Place, in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, as the said Clerk, or the said Trustees, respectively giving such Notice, shall think proper, not exceeding Fourteen Days nor sooner than Seven Days from the Date of advertising such Meeting; and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act, or the said last-recited Act, given to, and all the Matters and Things by this Act, or the said last recited Act, directed or authorized to be done by the said Trustees, shall and may be executed and done by or before the Majority of the Trustees assembled at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, the whole Number present not being less than Three, and the same shall be of as full force and effect as if executed or done by or before all the Trustees for executing this Act (except in such Cases where any such Power, Authority, Matter or Thing is by this Act or the said last recited Act particularly directed or authorized to be executed or done by any other Number of Trustees, or in any other Manner); and at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, a Chairman shall or may be appointed; and in all Cases where there shall be an Equality of Vote9 upon any Question, (including the Vote of the Chairman), such Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote j and all Orders made under the Powers and Provisions of this Act, or of the said first Four recited Acts, may be revoked or altered if Occasion shall require, provided that no such Order shall be revoked or altered, except at some Meeting where not less than Five Trustees shall be present, nor unless the Majority of the Trustees so present shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration, nor unless Three or more Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk under their Hands, and also cause Notice to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Stafford, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the said Roads, specifying that such Revocation or Alteration is intended to be moved for. Ten Days at least previous to any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary,

for

Adjourn-

ments.

If no Adjournment be made, the Clerk or Two Trustees may call a Meeting by Notice.

Powers of the Act may be executed by Three or more Trustees at Meetings, and the Proceedings of the Majority of the Trustees present shall be as valid as if all the Trustees had been present.

No Order to be revoked unless Five Trustees present, and major Part concur.

Meetings on Emergencies.

1056

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. Xi.

for the better Execution of this Act, that the said Trustees should meet on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk to the Trustees, by or under an Order in Writing signed by Two or more Trustees, or for any Two or more Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting), to call a Meeting of the Trustees, to be held at such Time and Place, in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, as they shall think proper, by Notice, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such Meeting, to be inserted in some public Newspaper circulated in the said County of Stafford, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then standing or being across the said Roads (such Time being not less than Fourteen Days after Publication of such Notice); and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment: Provided always, that no other Business than what shall be specified in such Notice shall be transacted at any such Meeting.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Proceedings of the Trustees in the Execution of the said first Four recited Acts, kept according to the Directions or Provisions thereof, and made Evidence thereby, shall be admitted in Evidence in all Courts, and by all Judges, Justices, and others.

Books kept

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Proceedings of the

of Accounts Trustees in the Execution of the said first Four recited Acts, and all and Disburse- Books of Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements made under the said ments under Acts, and all Books for registering Mortgages or Assignments made former Acts in pursuance thereof, so far as the same respectively relate to the said shall be open Newcastle.under-Lyme District, shall be preserved and kept by the Clerk tion oftSe'C" for £he Time being to the said Trustees, and shall at all seasonable Times Trustees and be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, and any Creditor or Cre-Creditors. ditors of the Tolls, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Books, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit or shall not permit the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any of them, to inspect the said Books, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds.

Appointment X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any of their of Officers. Meetings shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, a Clerk or Clerks, a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Removal of any such Officer or Officers may appoint another or others in his or their Stead; and every such Appointment and Removal shall be entered in the Book of the Proceedings of the Trustees; and the said Trustees shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers, and any other Persons employed, or ,4 who

Books of Proceedings kept under former Acts to be Evidence,

1057

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. li.

who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in or about the carrying of this Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every Treasurer who shall have been appointed according to the Directions of the said last recited Act, and each and every Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer appointed under and by virtue of the said first Four recited Acts, shall hold and enjoy such their several and respective Offices and Employments until removed therefrom by the Trustees for executing this Act; and each and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer, shall have the like Power and Authority for the Purposes of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties, and to the like Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations, in all respects whatsoever, as if he had been appointed by virtue of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who hath been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act; or to continue or appoint the Person who hath been or who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suir, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized, directed, and required to take sufficient Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers acting by virtue of this Act, for the due and faithful Execution of his or their Office, and also shall or may take such Security from any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, or any other Officer acting in the Execution of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls hereby granted shall neglect or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, or otherwise misbehave or misconduct himself, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a

\JLocal.~\ 12 M Meeting,

Old Officers to continue until new ones elected.

Clerk not to

Treasurer, &c. to g?ve Security.

Trustees may appoint temporary Collectors.

1058 4° GEORGII IV. Cap.M

Meeting, to discharge such Collector or Receiver; and in such Case, and also in case any Collector or Receiver shall die, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the Trustees, or until removed by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of the said last recited Act and this Act; which Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as if he or they had been nominated and appointed at a Meeting of the said Trustees.

Power to

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said widen certain Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, in the Manner by this Act o^the Road? ^*recte<^> to amend and improve Part of the said Roads, and to render 1 ''the same more commodious, by widening certain narrow Parts of the

Lines of the same Roads, which are described in a Map or Plan and Book of Reference herein-after mentioned, and which lie respectively in the several Townships of Shelton, Penkhull, Fenton Vivian, Lane Endt and Longton; and for the aforesaid Purpose or Purposes it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to purchase and take, and to pull down, use, and lay into the Lines of the said Roads, any of the Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Courts, Yards, Gardens, Lands, and Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and other Persons interested therein for the same, or for the Damage they may respectively sustain thereby.

Powers to

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may also be lawful make a new for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, in the Manner by Shelton to m t^1‘s ^ct directed, to make and maintain the said intended new Branch of Newcastle. Road, leading out of and from One of the Roads comprised in the said District, near the before-mentioned Potworks in Shelton, to another of the said Roads near the East End of the before-mentioned King's Field in Newcastle-under-Lyme aforesaid, and from another Part of the last-mentioned Road, near the West End of the said King's Field, to the London and Liverpool Turnpike Road, at the North End of Penkhull Street in Newcastle-under-Lyme aforesaid; and for the Purpose of making the said new Branch of Road, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make and carry the same, of such Width as they shall think proper, not exceeding Forty-two Feet, together with such Footpaths, Causeways, Culverts, Fences, Ditches, and Drains as they shall think necessary or expedient, in, upon, over, or through any of the private Lands or Grounds described in a Map or Plan and Book of Reference herein-after mentioned, making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and other Persons interested therein for the same, or for the Damage they may respectively sustain thereby: Provided always, that in the Execution of the said Powers, no open Spring shall be stopped up, or the Water thereof or any other Water be diverted, so as to prevent the same from running in the Course or Direction in which it has been accustomed to run previous to the passing of this Act.

6

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. li. 1059

XVII. And whereas Maps or Plans describing the improved and new New Lines Lines of Road herein-before authorized to be made, and the Lands and ^rdTng to Hereditaments through or over which the same are intended to be carried, pjans dep0-have been deposited, together with Books of Reference, containing Lists sited with of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands and Here- the Clerk of ditaments, at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of the Peaoe' Stafford; be it therefore enacted, That the said Maps or Plans and

Books of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies and Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying to such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Maps or Plans and Books of Reference; and that the said Trustees, in making such improved and new Lines of Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Lines described in the said Maps or Plans, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Premises any such Deviation shall be made.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstand- Pr°v,s0 for ing any thing herein-before contained, the said Trustees, in causing the bejnev

said new Branch Road to be made from Shelton to Newcastle-under-Lyme, in Part of the shall and may and they are hereby empowered and directed so far to Line of the deviate from the Map or Plan deposited as aforesaid, as to carry that new Branch Part of the said new Branch Road which is to pass between the old "ot Hart shill Road and Foulhay Brook, so much further to the Southward of U!*' "rc the Line described in the said Map or Plan, as will be the Means of opening a direct Communication between the said new Branch Road and the adjacent Lands respectively belonging to Sir John Fenton Boughey Baronet, and Lawrence Armitstead Esquire, Mary Chatterley Widow, and John Tomlinson Esquire, and as will give to each of their said Lands as much of the immediate Front along the said new Branch Road, as in the Judgment of the said Trustees can be allowed, without material Inconvenience to the same Road; but nevertheless, such Deviation shall not be made without the Consent of the Owners of the Lands through which the same is proposed to pass, nor in any case to any further or greater Distance than One hundred Yards from the Line described in the said Map or Plan.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Lands may be lawful for the said Trustees to make and carry the said improved marked in and new Lines of Road into, through, across, or over the Lands of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owners or Occupiers of any JlUwth-*C ’ Lands or Hereditaments over which the same Lines of Road are set out standing and described in the said Maps or Plans as being intended to be carried, Errors in the although the Name or Names of such Owner or Owners, or of his or p0°k of their Tenant or Tenants, may happen to be omitted or erroneously eerence* stated in the said Books of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stcfford, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Inadvertence or Mistake.

1060

No Houses, &<*. to be taken without the Owners Consent, except scheduled Houses, &c.

Certain Bridges to be enlarged.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. li.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither the Powers and Authorities given by this Act, for making the said improved and new Lines of Road herein-before mentioned, nor the Powers and Authorities given by the said last recited Act, for amending, altering, turning, widening, or improving any of the Roads comprised in the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District, shall extend or be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or use for any of the Purposes of this Act any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Yard, Paddock, Park, Lawn, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted as an Ornament or Shelter to a House, or planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained, except such as are mentioned in the said Schedule annexed to this Act.

XXI. And whereas the Line of the said new Branch of Road hereinbefore mentioned is intended to pass over and along Two several Bridges belonging to the Company of Proprietors of the navigable Canal from the Trent to the Mersey, which have been heretofore erected by and at theEx-pence of the said Company, one of them over the Main Trunk of the said navigable Canal, and the other over that Branch of it which is known by the Name of the Caldon Canal; be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby empowered, for the Purpose of rendering the said Bridges convenient for the Passage of Travellers, either to widen and enlarge the said Bridges, or if need be, to take down and rebuild the same in a more commodious Manner, and to defray all the necessary Expences of such widening and Enlargement or rebuilding of the said Bridges out of the Tolls and Revenues of the said Roads: Provided nevertheless, that whenever such Bridges, or either of them, shall be taken down and rebuilt, the Ascent to the same shall in future not be more than One Foot in Thirteen Feet, and that a good and sufficient Fence shall be made on each Side of the said Bridges respectively, which Fence shall not be less than Four Feet above the Surface of the Bridge; and provided also, that no Obstruction or Impediment shall be occasioned b yor in the Course of any such Alteration of the said Bridges to the Transit of.Vessels along the said Canals, and that no such Alteration shall be made by the said Trustees except under the Sanction and Superintendence of the Engineer of the said Company of Proprietors j and provided also, that when any necessary Repairs shall be wanted to the said Bridges or either of them, after the same shall have been so originally widened and enlarged or rebuilt at the Expence of the said Trustees, the Costs and Charges of all such subsequent Repairs shall, during the Continuance of this Act, from Time to Time be borne and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors and the said Trustees in the Proportions herein-after mentioned j that is to say, One-third Part thereof by the said Company of Proprietors, and the remaining Two-third Parts thereof by the said Trustees.

Fence? to be

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they S des of tire* arf hereby squired to make and erect sufficient Fences on the Sides of new Lnies of said Roads, where any new Line of Road shall pass through or over any Road. private Lands or Grounds; and after such Fences shall be first made, the same

1061

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. li.

same shall be for ever thereafter the Property of the Persons or Parties on whose Lands or Grounds the same shall have been made and erected, and shall be supported and maintained by or at the Expence of the Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds whereon such Fences shall have been so made and erected.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or their Sur- Contracts veyor or Surveyors acting by their Order and under their Authority, shall may be made and may and they are hereby severally empowered to contract with any faltering or Person or Persons for making or amending, repairing, and maintaining the

Roads in the said District, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for erecting Mile or Direction Stones or Posts, or for making or continuing Fences,

Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Tunnels, or other Works, or for the Purchase of Materials, Tools, or Implements for the Use of the said Roads, or for the Carriage of any Materials, Soil, Earth, or other Matters to or from the said Roads, or for executing or performing any other Works necessary to be done or performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, by their Surveyor or Surveyors, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, shall be binding on the said Trustees, and upon all other Parties who shall sign the same, and the Executors and Administrators of such other Parties; and any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall and may be maintained by the said Trustees upon and in virtue of such Contracts or Agreements; and Damages and Costs shall and may be recovered against the Person or Persons making Default in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be requisite for the Purchase,

Execution, or Performance of the several Matters or Things which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively ought to have been done or provided by the Person or Persons so making Default as aforesaid, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in every such Action or Suit, against such Person or Persons so making Default in fulfilling his or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And in order to prevent Accidents from occurring at Night to in certain Travellers and Passengers along the said Roads, be it enacted, That it Cases, Lamps shall be lawful for the said Trustees, whenever any Alteration or Improve- to be set UP ment of any of the said Roads shall be commenced by Order of the said Accidents1. Trustees, in the Progress of which it may be apprehended that Danger

would otherwise arise, to set up and erect Posts along or by the Side of the said Roads, in such Places as they may deem proper, and to affix Lamps thereto, and to cause such Lamps to be lighted at Night, during the Progress of any such Alteration or Improvement as aforesaid, and to order all necessary Expences thereby incurred to be paid out of the Tolls and Revenues of the said Roads.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ^wer to Trustees, if they think proper, to continue all and every or any of the *rectToil Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses now standing and being in, upon, Turnu?ke

1062

Power to take Tolls.

Tolls.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Yu

or across the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof, and also to erect and set up or build, or cause to be erected, set up, and built, Upon, in, or across the said Roads by this Act directed or authorized to be repaired and amended or made, or any Part thereof, or (subject to the Provisions of the said last recited Act) upon or across the Entrance to. any public Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same, or any Part thereof, when, where, and as they shall judge necessary, any Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, and also One or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with Outhouses and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Toll Gate or Turnpike, and to take in and inclose, on the Sides of the said Roads, suitable Garden Spots for the same respectively, not exceeding One Eighth Part of a Statute Acre each, as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to take down and remove or alter or discontinue the same or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and direct or appoint.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed or continued, or to be appointed Collector or Collectors of the Tolls to be taken by virtue of this Act, to demand and take the Tolls herein-after mentioned, at the several and respective Toll Gates or Turnpikes which are or shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the Roads by this Act directed or authorized to be repaired and amended or made, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say),

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Carriage of any Description, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Ox, Cow, or Head of Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Calf, Pig, Sheep, or Lamb, the Sum of One Farthing. Which said respective Tolls or Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken as aforesaid, before any Horse or other Beast or Carriage whatsoever shall be permitted to pass through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike; and such several and respective Tolls or Sums of Money shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act in manner herein-after directed.

Lime for

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That there shall

Manure to not be demanded or taken at any Toll Gate or Turnpike erected or to be pay Half Toll erected within the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District, for or in respect only‘ of any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage employed in carrying or convey-

ing, or going unladen to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning unladen from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Lime for manuring or improving Lands only, any more than One Half of the Toll which is hereby made payable in other Cases of Horses or Beasts drawing Carriages: Provided always, that if any Person or Persons shall by any fraudulent or collusive Means o what-

1063

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. li.

whatsoever claim or take the Benefit of the said last-mentioned Reduction of Toll, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in the Mode by which Penalties imposed by the said last recited Act are thereby directed to be recovered; and in every Case the Proof of Exemption shall be upon the Person claiming the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed by them in that Behalf, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to demand and take at the several Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be erected or set up in, upon, across, or on the Side of any Part of the said new Branch of Road, not only such and the same Tolls which by virtue of this Act and the said last recited Act may be lawfully demanded and taken at any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, across, or on the Side of the other Roads comprised in the said District, but also such additional Tolls as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order to be demanded and taken upon the said new Branch of Road, not exceeding One Half of the Amount of the Tolls which by virtue of this Act and the said last recited Act may be lawfully demanded and taken at such last-mentioned Toll Gates or Turnpikes : Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall compel or oblige the said Trustees to demand or take any such additional Tolls upon the said new Branch of Road any longer than they shall consider it proper and expedient so to do.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall upon any Day have paid the Toll hereby authorized to be taken for the passing of any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, through any one of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes herein-before authorized to be continued or erected upon any Part of the said Roads, such Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage shall, upon a Ticket denoting the Payment thereof on that Day being produced, be permitted to pass Toll-free through the same Toll Gate or Turnpike, and also through all the other Toll Gates and Turnpikes erected or to be erected upon the whole Line of the said Roads, at any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to claim the Benefit of the Provision lastly herein-before contained, at any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected upon the said new Branch of Road, during such Time as the additional Toll herein-before authorized to be demanded and taken upon the said new Branch of Road shall continue to be demanded and taken, by the Order of the said Trustees, until such Person shall first have paid the Amount of such additional Toll at some Toll Gate or Turnpike upon the said new Branch of Road.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing any Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, or Stage Waggon, or other Stage Carriage, conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay or Reward, every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads, or any of them.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for] and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of

Draught

Liberty to take ou the new Branch One Half more Toll than on the old Line of Road.

Tolls to be paid but Once a Day.

Stage

Coaches, &c. to pay for every Time of passing.

Horses let out to Hire, aod drawing Post

1064

Chaises, &c. to be subject again to Toll on every new Hiring.

Lessees of Tolls may occupy Toll Houses.

Enabling Trustees to recover Possession of Toll Houses when let to farm.

Toll Houses becoming useless may be sold by the Trustees,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. li.

Draught let out to Hire, and drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage, every Time of passing along the said Roads, or any of them, whenever any new Hiring thereof shall take place, and a Ticket denoting such Hiring shall be produced.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the Tolls arising on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall be demised or let to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall be lawful for the Lessee or Farmer thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he shall appoint, to occupy and enjoy the Toll House or Toll Houses at which the said Tolls so let are to be collected, with all the Appurtenances and Conveniences thereto belonging, during such Time only as such Lessee or Farmer shall duly pay his Rent, and perform the Covenants, Agreements, and Conditions contained in his Lease or Contract for the said Tolls, but not further or otherwise.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls arising on the said Roads shall be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Farmer thereof shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let; or in case the Rent agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Farmer, or any Part thereof, shall be in Arrear or unpaid for the Space of Three Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid, pursuant to the Lease or Contract for demising or letting the same; or in case such Lease or Contract shall in any Manner become void; then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, upon Application made by the said Trustees, or by any Person authorized on their Behalf, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of the Toll House and Toll Gate or Turnpike demised or let along with such Tolls, and the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the Day-time only, and to remove and put such Lessee or Farmer of the Tolls, or other the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his or their Goods, out of the same, and from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls, and to deliver the Possession thereof to the said Trustees, or such other Person acting under their Authority as aforesaid; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall so think fit, to vacate and determine the Lease or Contract for demising the said Tolls to such Lessee or Farmer, and the same shall thereupon be utterly void, save only so far as respects the Covenants or Agreements therein contained for Payment of Rent, and the other Obligations or Agreements therein which may then remain unpaid or unperformed on the Part of such Lessee or Farmer j and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, in every such Case, again to demise or let to farm the said Tolls to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected in such and the same Manner as if no former Lease or Contract had been made relative thereto.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said Roads absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses already erected on the said Roads, or any Parc thereof, or hereafter to be erected or continued on the same by virtue

of

1065

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. li.

of this Act, together with the Ground whereon the same may stand, and all Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances belonging thereunto, whenever the same shall be considered by the said Trustees to be useless or unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of any such Sale being made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Premises to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money to the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall hold and enjoy the Premises in Fee Simple, discharged from all Trusts, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of the Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such and the like Preference and Priority of purchasing the Premises so to be sold shall always be given to the Owner or Owners of the next adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given, in case of the Sale of any Piece or Pieces of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of a Turnpike Road, and for that Reason sold by the Trustees under the Powers of the said last recited Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Subscribers Persons who have subscribed for or agreed to advance any Sum or Sums to pay their of Money, either for or towards^he improving, widening, or altering of any Subscrip-of the Roads heretofore comprised in the said Newcastle-under-Lyme °

District, or for or towards the making or maintaining of the said intended

new Branch of Road, or any Part thereof, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed by them respectively, within such Time and Times and in such Parts and Proportions as is or are expressed in the Writing or Writings subscribed by them respectively, or as the said Trustees shall order and direct, and the same shall be demanded by and paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall by any Writing authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons having so subscribed or agreed to advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sue for the same in the Name of any Two of such Trustees, or of their Clerk, and to recover the same, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and all such Monies shall be vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied, as far as may be necessary, for or towards the Purposes specified in the several written Agreements by which the same were respectively subscribed or agreed to be advanced; and if any Overplus of such Monies shall afterwards remain, then such Overplus shall be applied for the general Purposes of this Act in regard to the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District.

XXXVI. And whereas several Sums of Money, amounting altogether Certain Sub-to One thousand one hundred and twenty Pounds, have been subscribed sections for

1066

Roads to be paid off to the Lenders within Seven Years.

For continuing the Security of the Creditors, to whom the old Debt is due from this District, jointly with the Uttoxeter District.

Application of the Tolls and Money to be borrowed.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Xi.

or agreed to be advanced by sundry Persons, for the Purpose of enabling the Trustees of the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District to widen the narrow Parts of the said Roads, lying in the several Townships of Shelton, Penkhull, Fenton Vivian, Lane End and Longton, to which reference is herein-before made, upon an express Condition that the Principal Sums so subscribed shall be repaid by Seven equal Instalments within Seven Years after the same shall be respectively advanced; be it therefore further enacted, That the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being is hereby empowered and directed, by and out of the Tolls arising from the said Roads, yearly and every Year after the said before-mentioned Sums of Money or any of them shall be respectively advanced, until the whole of the same shall be respectively repaid, not only to keep down the Interest to accrue for or in respect of the said Sums so advanced as aforesaid, but also to set apart such yearly Sum of Money as shall be equal to One-seventh Part of the Amount of the said Principal Sums, or so much thereof as shall from Time to Time have been advanced as aforesaid, and to pay and divide the same to and amongst the several Persons who shall have so advanced such Principal Sums, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in part liquidation of the same, and so and in such Manner as that all the said Principal Sums shall be wholly repaid within Seven Years after the same shall be respectively advanced as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Creditors to whom the said Debt of Two thousand and five hundred Pounds is owing jointly from the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District and the said Uttoxeter District, as is herein-before recited, shall during the Continuance of this Act respectively be entitled to and have such and the same Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for recovering and receiving the Interest of the said Debt from the Treasurer of the said Newcastle-wider-Lyme District, as previously to the passing of this Act they respectively enjoyed, or were entitled to, by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, and hereby repealed; and that the Treasurer of the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District for the Time being shall during the Continuance of tills Act be subject to the same Liabilities, and be entitled to the same PoweTS and Remedies in respect to the Payment and Apportionment between the said Two Districts of the Interest of the said Mortgage Debt, as belonged to the Treasurer of the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District for the Time being, by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already received by virtue of the said first Four recited Acts hereby repealed, and now in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District, or out of the first Money which shall arise or be received from the Tolls by this Act granted, or otherwise, the said Trustees shall in the first place pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act, with Interest for the same, and in the next place shall keep down the Interest of the said Sums herein-before recited to have been subscribed for widening the said Roads, and set apart such Sum in liquidation of the said Sums as before mentioned; and the

6 Remainder

1067

4° GEORGII IV. Gip.Ii.

Remainder of all such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in keeping down the Interest of such Proportion of the Principal Monies already due as before mentioned upon Mortgage, on the joint Credit of the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District and the said Uttoxeter District, as is justly chargeable to the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District by virtue of the Provisions herein-before contained, and in keeping down the Interest of all Monies hereafter to be borrowed or advanced by virtue of this Act and the said last recited Act, and afterwards in erecting or providing and keeping in Repair Turnpikes and Toll Houses for the Purposes of the said Roads, and in making the said new Branch of Road, and amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the whole of the Lines of Roads comprised in the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District, and in otherwise putting this Act into Execution; and lastly in repaying such Proportion of the Principal Monies already due upon Mortgage as aforesaid as is justly chargeable to the said District, and likewise the Principal Monies hereafter to be borrowed or advanced by virtue of this Act or the said last recited Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are Statute or shall be liable to do Statute Work upon, or are or shall be chargeable Lahour* towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Suras to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject or liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such

1068

To compel Payment of Compensation, &c. by Distress on the Goods oi the Trustees or their Treasurer.

4" GEORGII IV.V Cap. li.

such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors by their Order shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer such Proportion of the Composition Money for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him or them at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees), shall for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off or discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways shall live or reside, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act or the said last recited Act, to be paid as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees or their Treasurer, (which such Treasurer is hereby authorized and empowered to pay out of any Monies received or to be received by him as such Treasurer), to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk of the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. li.

of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and maybe levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act and the said last recited Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as lie shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally subject to or charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage or other Security, to be made to any Person or Persons lending or advancing any Sum or Sums of Money to the said Trustees upon the Credit of the Tolls and Revenues of the said Roads, in pursuance of the Provisions contained in this Act or the said last recited Act j but all such Sums of Money shall be repaid out of the Tolls by this Act granted.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That where by the said last recited Act any Damages or Charges are directed or authorized to be paid or recovered in Addition to any Penalty or Penalties for any Offence or Offences, the Amount of such Damages or Charges, in case of Dispute respecting the same, shall be settled and determined by the Justice or Justices of the Peace by or before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any such Offence or Offences, and shall and may be levied and recovered by such and the like Ways and Means as any such Penalty or Penalties may be recovered by virtue of the said last recited Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in full force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 13

10G9

Trustees not to be personally liable for Mortgages.

Damages, &<*. in certain Cases to be ascertained.

[Public Act.]

Term of the Act.

13 P

[Z.MV1/.J

The

1070

4" GEORGII IV. Cap li.

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Ac(*

Townships. Description of Premises. Owners. Occupiers.

r Barn, small Hovel and J Yard - - Sir John Fenton Boughey, Bart, and Lawrence Armitstead, esq. J>John Sedgley.

House - William Yates, Esq. Elizabeth Moor.

House - Same - John Hill.

House - Same - Thomas Forester,

House - b s Joshua Twiford Roger Tinsley.

House - Same - John Cradock.

House - r r Same - William Simpson.

House t - -r Same - Jonathan Lockart.

Court r Ellen Lomas, Widow Joseph Timmis.

House, Court and Parti of a Garden - -/ Thomas Tams John Mills.

1 Garden, Workshop, and "j Part of another Shop > and Yard - - J Hugh Booth, Esq. - Messrs. Ward and Company.

Penkhull *• r Terrace or Yard in front 1 of Houses - - j Josiah Spode, Esq. John Cornwall, William Tunnicliff, John Cadman, and William Moor.

Part of a Yard and Pali-1 sades in front of > Houses -J Hugh Booth, Esq. andl Joseph Booth, Esq. -J Catherine Hays 8c Richard Cliff.

Fenton Vivian Paddock and Plantation J. Turner Whieldon, Esq. - . J. Turner Whieldon, Esq.

Lane-End - - House *■ - <- Kitty Bridgwood - Jane Adams.

Longton - - { Part of a Hovel, Ware-1 house and Yard -/ Richard Plant -/ 1 Messrs. Platt and Bridgwood.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Stiuiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lii.

An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving certain Roads leading to and from Liskeard, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for 1G. 3. C. 25, repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Taphouse Lane to the Borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House j and also the Road from the said Borough of Liskeard to Crafthole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point; and from Crafthole aforesaid to Saint German’s Beacon, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon : And whereas another Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to enlarge the Term and I0G.3. c. 87. Powers granted by an Act passed in the First Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Tap-house Lane to the Borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House; and also the Road from the said Borough o/Xiskeard to Crafthole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tarpoint; and from Crafthole aforesaid to Saint German’s Beacon, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon j and for amending the Roads from Barn Street to Duloe Church, and from Lux Street to Crathick Ford, and from Bull Post to Treworgey Cross, in the County of Cornwall: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-[LocalJ] 12 Q first

1074 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Xn.

41G.3. c. 92. first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Tears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the First and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Taphouse Lane to the Borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon; all of which aforesaid Roads branch into or pass through the several Parishes of Broad Oak, Saint Pinnock Liskeard (and Borough of Liskeard), Saint Cleery Saint lvey Saint Keyne, Duloey Menheniot, Saint Germans, Sheviock, and Antonyy in the County of Cornwall; and of Saint Johns and Maker in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said recited Acts have widened, repaired, and improved the said respective Roads, and have for that Purpose, in pursuance of the Powers to them thereby given, borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which are still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless further Provision be made by Parliament for the amending, improving, and keeping the same in Repair, and for imposing Tolls for that Purpose, and for altering, increasing, and regulating the same: And whereas the Powers, Provisions, and Authorities given by the said before-mentioned Acts, are in many respects insufficient and inconvenient; and it is expedient that the same be altered, amended, and regulated, and the whole of them reduced into One Act, and that the said before-mentioned Acts be repealed: And whereas the present Line of Road between Tresulgan Lake and Trerule Foot in the Parish of Saint Germans is in many Places incommodious, and it will be attended with Convenience to the Public to divert it into a new Line; and it is also expedient that the Turnpike Road from Barrett*s Cross Gate should be extended for the Space of One hundred and twenty Feet towards Cold Stile; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority aforesaid : And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year 3G. 4. c. 126. of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, Three first afld Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-recited Acts rity of the same. That from and after the Tenth Day of June One thousand repealed. eight hundred and twenty-three, the said recited Acts of the First, Tenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed; and instead thereof this Act shall from thenceforth commence and take Effect, and be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually amending, widening, altering, diverting, straightening, improving, and keeping in Repair the aforesaid Turnpike Roads, including the diverting into a new Line the aforesaid Line of Road between Tresulgan Lake and Trerule Foot in the Parish of Saint Germans, which said Line of new Road is to diverge from Tresulgan Lake, deviating to the South-west of Trebrown Hill to Tinkers Lake, and from thence Eastward by Catchfrench Lodge and Slate Quarry, near Catchfrench House, to Trerule Foot, where it will join the present 4 Road,

1075

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lii.

Road, all in the Parish of Saint Germans; and also that the present Line of Road may be extended from Barrett's Cross Gate towards Cold Stile, for the Space of One hundred and twenty Feet, in the Borough and Parish of Liskeard.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, passed in the Powers of Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the 3^4. ex-Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Reme- I^Act.0 dies, Matters, and Things therein contained (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied or altered by this Act), shall be as good,

valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls by this Act granted and The new imposed for the keeping and maintaining the Roads hereby directed to be liable kept and maintained shall, for and during the Term of this Act, be to f()rmer charged with and made subject to the Payment of all Monies heretofore Debts, &c. borrowed for the making and maintaining, or altering and improving any

of the Roads directed by the said recited Acts of the First, Tenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty to be made and maintained, and now due and owing upon the Credit or on account of the said recited Acts, or secured upon or made payable out of the Tolls thereby granted, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, subject to the Limitations and Provisions herein-after contained, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, or of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected; and that all and every Person and Persons owing any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, which in anywise concern the said Roads, shall be liable to the Payment thereof to the Trustees for executing this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities duly entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for executing the said last-mentioned Acts, or either of them, for or concerning any Matters or Things respecting the said Roads, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed on account and for the Benefit of the said Roads; and all Contracts and Agreements duly made and entered into by the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, or either of them, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees under this Act, according to the Terms and Stipulations thereof respectively, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said last-mentioned Acts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees. Peace acting for the County of Cornwall, together with the Honourable William Eliot, the Right Honourable Reginald Pole Carew, Lord Viscount Valletort, Edward Granville Eliot, Sir Joseph Copley Baronet, Francis Gian-

ville, Francis Hearle Rodd, John Tillie Coryton, Francis Glanville the younger, Edmund Cart hew, William Pedler, John Carthew, ‘Thomas Robins,

William Jope, Joseph Ede, John Glanville Clerk, Charles Trelawny of Coldr innick, John Bur ell of Bur el I, William Lewis Salisbury Trelawny,

John Buller of Morval, Thomas Bond of East Looe, William Marshall of Treworgey, John Coryton Roberts of Trevol, Duke Tenge the younger, Clerk,

John

1076

4' GEORGII IV. Cap. lii.

John Lloyd Lugger ol Treetby, John Roger of Wolsdon, William Rowe Clerk, Hugh Littleton Clerk, Henry Grylls Clerk, Thomas Hoblyn, Abraham Hambly, John Marke, John Jope Clerk, James Cart hew y James Glencross, John Carthew the younger, Richard Doidge of Trenodden, John Allen, John Taunton, Richard Couche, John Borrow, James Cloggy Robert Coad, Richard Dyer, Joseph Bales, John Littleton of Trewin, Richard Sobey of Trencreek, Thomas Sobey of Treburgie, William Maynard of Pe near thy John Sobey of Trewollandy Thomas Little of &2/V2/ Keyne, John Grigg of Tempellowy WiU Ham Hambly of Molinnick, George Rowe of Trewethay John Penwarne of Trehawke, Hugh Suell of Treviddo, William Hicks Lord, John Sly man, William Stephens, John Stephens, John Vos per, Arthur Peter, Anthony Pike, Thomas Nattle, William Vallack, Robert Bint, John Martin, Peter Rogers, Peter Vallack, John Hodge, and they and their Successors shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, altering, straightening, extending, shortening, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Turnpike Roads by this Act intended to be amended, widened, altered, straightened, extended, shortened, diverted, improved, and kept in Repair, and for otherwise putting into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

Additional V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees. Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at their First Meeting hereinafter directed, or any subsequent Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which subsequent Meeting, and of the Purpose thereof, Fourteen Days Notice shall be given, by Insertion in some public Newspaper or Newspapers, usually circulated in the County of Cornwall, and also by affixing such Notice on the Guildhall Door of the said Borough of Liskeard, and at or upon the several Turnpike Gates), to elect and appoint any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees so to be elected and appointed shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed by this Act.

Trustees to

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be sworn. be capable of acung as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and prescribed, and unless, being so qualified, he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath following; (that is to say), Oath. ‘ T A.B. do swear [or affirm, being one of the People called Quakers],

‘ A That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of my Judg-‘ ment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts ‘ reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth 4 Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled 4 An Act [here insert the Title of this AcQ, and also an Act passed in 4 the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to

amend

1077

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. XII.

* amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in ‘ that Part of Great Britain called England. So help me GOD.'

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Guildhall, in the Borough of Liskeard in the County of Cornwall, on the Tenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall then proceed to carry the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act into Execution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby required, at their First Meeting to be held under this Act, and afterwards as Occasion may require, from Time to Time by Writing under their respective Hands, to appoint a Clerk or Clerks, and a Treasurer or Treasurers, and such Surveyors, Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers, as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, Collectors, and other Officers, or any of them; and on the Removal, Death, or Resignation of such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or any of such Surveyors, Collectors, or other Officers, to appoint others in their Stead; and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay to the Clerks, Treasurers, and Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such othei Person or Persons as shall be assisting them or any of them in or about the Execution of this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Services, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time deem reasonable.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor, and other Officer and Officers (except the Treasurer) nominated and appointed under or by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or either of them, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees; and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act and the said former recited Acts into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations, in all Respects whatsoever, as if he or they had been nominated or appointed under and by virtue of this Act.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act; or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person, being the Partner of any

First

Meeting.

Appointing Clerks, Treasurers, and other Officers.

Former Officers may continue until others are appointed.

Treasurer or Clerk not. to be the same

1078

Bdoks, &c. relative to former Acts, to be delivered to Trustees.

Books used under former Acts to be Evidence.

Power to continue and erect Toll Gates, &c.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lii.

such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, and if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law', nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Officers or other Persons who are or have been employed, or who have received or shall receive any Tolls or other Money by virtue or on account of the said Acts hereby repealed, or either of them, or who have or shall have in their Custody or Possession any Money, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or any Thing relating to the said Roads by the before-recited Acts directed to be improved and repaired, or either of them, shall account for and pay and deliver over the same, and every Part thereof, to the Trustees hereby appointed, in like Manner, and under the like Pains and Penalties, and with the like Powers to the Trustees for enforcing the Recovery thereof, as the several Collectors and other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, and this Act, are required to pay or account for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of collecting and receiving the Tolls hereby granted, the Trustees appointed or to be appointed in or by virtue of this Act, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to continue all or any of the Toll Gates and Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, and shall and may erect, or cause to be erected, such and so many other Toll Gates and Weighing Engines, in, upon, or across such Parts of the said Turnpike Roads by this Act directed to be maintained and kept in Repair, and also such and so many Toll Gates on the Side of either of the said Turnpike Roads, and in, upon, or across any Lane or Highway that does or shall lead into or out of the same, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and expedient, subject nevertheless to such Regulations, Restrictions, and Directions as in this Act, or in the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty are laid down, mentioned, or contained, concerning the placing or erecting of such Toll Gates or Weighing Engines j and also shall and may erect and provide

5 a Toll

1079

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Xu.

a Toll House, with such suitable Buildings and other Conveniences, as to such Trustees may seem proper.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates erected by the Authority of the said several Acts hereby repealed, or either of them, or which shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, or the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in, upon, or across any of the said Turnpike Roads, or on the Side or Sides of any Part thereof respectively, or across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the same, to be removed to and erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of such other Part or Parts of the said Turnpike Roads hereby directed to be maintained and kept in Repair, or otherwise to be wholly removed and taken away, as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and direct; provided that none of the said Toll Gates shall be removed or taken away as aforesaid, unless Notice in Writing of the Intention to remove or take away the same shall have been fixed upon the Guildhall Door in the aforesaid Borough of Li shear d, and upon all the Toll Gates then standing upon the said Turnpike Roads, nor unless such Notice shall have been advertised in some Newspaper published in the said County of Cornwall, Fourteen Days at least previous to such Order being made.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to sell Trustees absolutely to sell or otherwise dispose of any Toll House or Toll die present. Houses or Building or Buildings heretofore purchased, erected, or intended °r *nX,uture for the Purpose of a Toll House or Toll Houses, by virtue of the said ouaei’ Acts hereby repealed, or either of them, or hereafter to be erected or purchased by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may

stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, which shall be considered by the Trustees as useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or by private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the samej and to convey, assign, and surrender the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, according to the Nature and Tenure of the Estate by which the same may be holden; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, according to the Nature or Tenure thereof, discharged from all Trusts, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be answerable for the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money : Provided always, that such Preference of Purchase shall be given to the Person or Persons from whom any Land on which any l oll Houses may have been erected was purchased, leased, or taken in Exchange, or to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto, as is by the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground, not

wanted

Power to remove Toll Gates, &c.

1080 4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Yii.

wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road is or are authorized to be sold and disposed of.

Power to

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

take Tqlls. Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed by virtue of this Act Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required to demand and take (subject to the Restrictions and Exemptions herein-after mentioned), at each and every of the respective Toll Gates and Side Gates which shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, or across any of the said Turnpike Roads, or any Lane or Highway leading into the same, before any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, or any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the same, the several Tolls following; (that is to say).

Tolls. For every Horse or other Beast, (Oxen and Asses excepted) drawing any

Carriage whatever, any Sum not exceeding Nine-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Burden, laden or unladen, and not drawing, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence:

For every Ox drawing any Carriage whatever, any Sum not exceeding Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Ass drawing any Carriage whatever, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, any Sum not exceeding Twenty-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, any Sum not exceeding Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Double Tolls

XVII. And be it further enacted, That Double the Amount of Toll shall be paid hereby authorized to be taken, may be demanded and taken at the re-unti^after^ sP^ctive Gates on each Sunday, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September the 29th Day ^ne thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, after which Day it shall of September not be lawful to demand or take any greater Toll on a Sunday than the 1823. Toll hereby authorized to be taken on any other Day.

'Two full Tolls to be taken between the East End of West Tap-house Lane and Coombe Row House, and between Liskeard and Crimble and Tarpoint Passages.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to order and cause Two full Tolls, and no more, to be demanded and taken in the same Day, for ali Cattle, Horses, Beasts, and Carriages passing on that Part of the said Roads which lies between the East End of West Taphouse Lane and Coombe Row House aforesaid; and also Two full Tolls, and no more, shall be demanded and taken in the same Day for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage passing on that Part of the said Road which lies between Liskeard and Crimble and Tarpoint Passages aforesaid; any thing contained in the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in this Act notwithstanding.

Tolls rated

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Tolls by the iu Trustees, said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and by this Act authorized to be taken, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise and be produced therefrom, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being.

4° GEORGII IV. CapM. 1081

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll shall be de- Exemption# manded or taken by virtue of this Act for any Horse, Beast, or other

Cattle, Cart, or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going duce< empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Lime, Dung, Soil, Compost, or Manure for improving Lands, or'any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, (unless laden also with some other thing not hereby exempted from Toll, or any Hay, Straw, Fodder for Cattle, and Corn in the Straw, which has grown or arisen on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, Potatoes, or other agricultural Produce, which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor is going to be sold or disposed of, or for any Horses or other Beasts employed in Husbandry, going to or returning from Plough or Harrow, or to or from Pasture or Watering Place, such HorScs or other Beasts going to or returning from Plough or Harrow, or to or from Pasture or Watering Place, not going or returning on those Occasions more than Two Miles on the said Road; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemption, not being legally entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Proof of Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming the same.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the First After January

Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, no such 1826, Ex- Exemption from Toll shall be claimed or allowed (save and except all allowed Carriages attending on or belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal in certain Family, and all Carriages carrying any Military Stores or Baggage, or Cases. Soldiers on their March), unless the Tires of the Wheels of the Carts,

Wains, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying Lime, Dung, Soil, Compost, or Manure for improving Lands, with Two Wheels, be of the Breadth of Three Inches or more, if drawn by One Horse, Beast, or other Cattle; or of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half or more, if drawn by Two Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle; or of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, if drawn by Three Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle; nor unless the Tires of the Wheels of such Waggon, Wain, or other such Carriage with Four Wheels, be of the Breadth of Three Inches or more, if drawn by Two Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle; or of the Breadth of Four Indies and a Half or more, if drawn by Four Horses,

Beasts, or other Cattle; or of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, if drawn by Five Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle; nor unless the Nails of the Tires of such Wheels be in all such Cases countersunk, so as not to project more than One Quarter of an Inch above the Surface of such Tires when new and fresh driven, nor unless the Wheels of such Carts, Waggons, Wains, or other such Carriages, be in all other respects constructed in conformity to the Regulations of the said recited Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

XXII. And be it further provided and enacted, That none of the Tolls Exemption of made payable by this Act shall be demanded or taken for any Carriage, Corn gmund Horse, or Beast carrying any Corn or Grain, ground or to be ground at jyji]jgdsara Bodgara Mills, in the aforesaid Borough of Liskeard.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid ToH8.to be • Toll for passing through any Gate erected upon or by the Side of any of s^Ce

[Local.'] 12 S the Day.

1082

Stage Coaches to pay every Time of passing and repassing.

Not to extend to the Streets of Liskeard.

No Money to be borrowed without public Notices.

Road to be made according to Plan.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Ya.

the said Turnpike Roads, with any Horse or other Beast or Beasts or Cattle drawing, or laden or unladen, shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Toll for passing, returning, or repassing through the same Toll Gate on the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the same Horse, Beast or Beasts, or Cattle, but shall pass, return, or repass Toll-free; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away or reduce the Exemption given by the last recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in respect to Horses travelling for Hire, under the Post Horse Duties Acts, and returning within certain Hours with the same Carriage empty or without a Carriage.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and in respect of all Horses or other Beasts, drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, or Caravan, or other Stage Carriage, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like manner as if no Toll had been before paid; and that the Toll shall be payable for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Roads on the same Day, with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to empower the said Trustees to lay out or apply any of the Money raised by the Tolls hereby granted, or borrowed on the Credit thereof, in paving or repairing the Streets of the Town of Liskeard.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Money shall be borrowed by the said Trustees on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, unless Notice for that Purpose in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, be by Order of such Trustees or any Five or more of them, affixed upon the Guildhall or other public Place within the Borough of Liskeard, and likewise at or upon all the Gates or Turnpikes, and in some Newspaper or Newspapers, published in the said County of Cornwallt of the Time or Times of borrowing such Monies, and of the Sums intended to be borrowed, at least Fourteen Days before borrowing the same.

XXVII. And whereas Maps or Plans, describing the Lines of the several new Pieces of Road herein-before mentioned, and the Lands through which the same are to be carried, together with a Book of Reference containing Lists of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited with the Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon respectively; be it therefore enacted, That the said Maps or Plans, and Book of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the Clerks of the Peace for the said Counties respectively, to the End that all Persons may, at all seasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and take Copies and Extracts therefrom, at their Will and Pleasure, paying to such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts.

8

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lii. 1083

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Pieces of new Road into, through, across, or over the several Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands or Premises over which the same, or any Part thereof, is or are set forth and described in the said Maps or Plans or Lists as aforesaid, although such Lands or Premises, or the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, may happen to be erroneously described, omitted, or misstated in the said Maps or Plans or Lists, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cornwall, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake, or was not wilful, and such Certificate shall be deposited with and remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County: Provided always, that the said Trustees, in making such respective new Roads, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Lines described in the said Maps or Plans, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviations shall be made.

marked in the Plan may be used notwithstanding Errors in the Book of Reference.

Trustees not to deviate more than 100 Yards.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Trustees re-Authorities hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to strained from empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling Pullln? doWD House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Garden, Yard, HouseTwith Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed out Consent Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof of the respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietors thereof first had and obtained, other than and except so much and such Part of such Dwelling Houses, or other Buildings, Gardens, Yards,

Parks, Paddocks, planted Walks, Avenues, and Nurseries for Trees as are described in the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and their Surveyor or Surveyors and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Premises through which or whereupon the said new Pieces of Road hereby authorized to be made and maintained, or any Alteration or Deviation thereof, is intended to pass, and also upon any adjoining Lands or Grounds, and to stake out the said new Pieces of Road, and cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part thereof, and to make a temporary Way or Ways through or over any Lands or Grounds adjoining to the Parts of the Road hereby directed to be amended, widened, and improved, to be made use of as a public Highway, whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road are being widened or altered, and until the said Road shall be made safe and convenient for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think necessary or proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damages that shall be thereby

occasioned,

Power to enter Lands to make Road.

1084

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lii.

occasioned, such Damage to be ascertained and settled, in case of Dispute concerning the same, in the same Manner as the Value of Lands to be purchased or used by virtue of this Act is directed by the said last recited Act to be ascertained and settled in case of Dispute; and if any Person shall pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out any Part of the Road hereby directed to be made, amended, widened, improved, and maintained, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Trustees to

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said fence the Trustees shall, by virtue of this Act, make any Part of the said new new Road. pieces of Road over and through any private Grounds, or shall take away any Fence for widening, diverting, or turning any Road already made, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made proper Fences or Stone Walls on both Sides of such new made Road, or on the Side upon which such Fence shall be so removed as aforesaid, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to such Road, and also proper Gates or Bridges and Arches where necessary, out of the said Roads, into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep such Fences so to be made in good Order and Repair for and during the Term of Three Years from the Time that such Fences shall have been made or set up.

Trustees may contract for Repairs, or other Works.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for widening, altering, diverting, improving, or repairing the said Roads, or any Parc thereof, or erecting Arches or Bridges upon the same, or for doing any other Work, in pursuance or Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money annually, or for a Term of Years or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

Application

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall of the Money, arise and be produced by and from the Tolls by the said recited Acts and this Act granted and made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue thereof, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; that is to say, in the First Place, in payment of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which have been incurred or incidental to or attending the applying for and obtaining and passing of this Act; in the Second Place, in defraying the Expences of purchasing Land which may be necessary for the making and widening of the said intended Road, and erecting and keeping in repair the necessary Toll Gates and Toll Houses thereon; in the Third Place, in paying the Interest due upon the several principal Sums of Money which have been borrowed and secured in pursuance of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, and accruing from Time to Time upon the several principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be borrowed and secured in pursuance of this Act; in the Fourth Place, in keeping the said Road in repair; and lastly, in discharging the several principal Sums of Money which have been borrowed and secured in pursuance

1085

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Yn.

suance of and for the Purposes of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, and the several Sums of Money which may hereafter be borrowed and secured by virtue of this Act.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and In case of as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to Non-pav-be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His Materials, present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfac- Damages, or tion for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature JAW

or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Per- Trustees) kc. son or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or the same to ' Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or be levied by Parties entitled to receive the same, within Fourteen Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, staring the Order of such Justice or suchTru-Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pur- tees or their suance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then Treasurer, and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs,

Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain, after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, as the Case maybe:

Provided always, that every such Treasurer or Treasurers shall and may retain, out of any Monies which may come into his or their Hands, in pursuance of this Act or the said last recited Act, all such Sum or Sums of Money, Costs, and Expences, as he or they shall pay, bear, or be put unto by reason of such Order to be made by such Justice or Justices as aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are Regulation or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards as to Per-repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still formance of remain liable thereunto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in [Local] 12 T _ lieu

1086 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Xu.

lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them (said to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways, and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had jiot been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads j and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over 10 such

1087

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lu.

such Composition Money or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Highways shall be situate, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor of the said respective Trustees.

[Public Act.]

XXXVL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the Commence-Tenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and shall continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. liii.

An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair certain Roads passing through or near the Town of llminster in the County of Somerset.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for more effectually 43G. 3. C. 23. amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard to the South End of West Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road through llminster to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to llminster, and from White Cross to Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks over Ilford Bridges to Old Way, and from the Cross Keys to Catherine Wheel in the Parish of Ashill in the County of Somerset: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act have proceeded to carry the same into Execution, and several considerable Sums of Money were borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and authorized to be collected,

Part of which Money still remains due and owing, and the same cannot be repaid, nor can the Roads be properly and effectually amended, improved, and maintained, unless the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act are enlarged and amended, and some of the Tolls altered and increased, and further Powers granted for raising a sufficient Sum for the Purposes aforesaid : And whereas several Roads herein-after mentioned, branching out of the aforesaid Roads or some of them, that is to say, the Road from a Place called the Butts, through the Lane behind Butts and Strawberry Bank, to West Street in the Parish of llminster, the Road from Durston's Corner to the Cross in Hinton Saint George, in and through the [Local."] i% U , several

1090

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. liii.

several Parishes of Dinnington and Hinton Saint George, and the Road from Whitecross to the Turnpike Road in Puckington, in and through the several Parishes of Lopen, Sevington Saint Michael, Sevington Saint Mary, llton, Shepton Beauchamp, Barrington and Puckington, and from the Cross Ways in Barrington through Ruskway Lane to West Moor, in and through the Parish of Barrington, all in the County of Somerset, are much out of repair, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, and it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if the same were made Turnpike, and included under the Powers and Provisions of this Act: And whereas it would be of great public Utility, in order to avoid the steep Part of Ilminster Hill, to make a new Road from West Street to or near Ashwell in Ilminster aforesaid, and it would be expedient that when the said new Road is completed, the present Turnpike Road from the Bell Inn in Ilminster to or near Ashwell, where such new Road will re-enter the present Turnpike Road, should cease to be a public Road : And whereas it is expedient that Part of the said Road from Whitecross to Chillington Down, that is to say, from Lopen Head to Chillington Down (except such Part thereof as lies between Dur-ston*s Corner and Hinton Saint George aforesaid) should no longer be Turnpike Road, and that the Trustees for executing this Act should be relieved from the Care and Management thereof: And whereas it would facilitate the Execution of the Purposes aforesaid if the said recited Act was repealed, and further and other Powers and Provisions granted and made instead thereof: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, former Act That from and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight repealed. hundred and twenty-three, the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third shall be and the same is hereby declared to be repealed, and instead thereof this Act shall from thenceforth commence and take effect, and be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of making, repairing, widening, diverting, altering, straightening, improving, and maintaining the several Districts of Road herein-after mentioned.

3G.4.C. 126.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the tobeexe- Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the cuted with Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Reme-this Act. dies, Matters, and Things therein contained, (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act) shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

Roads di- HI. And be it further enacted, That such Part and Parts of the said »ided into Roads leading from the East End of the Town of Chard to the South-Districts. west Corner of the Market House in the Town of Ilminster, and from the West End of Pease Marsh Lane, in the Parish of Ilminster, through the Parish of Donyatt, to a Place called Horton Elm, in the said Parish of 5 Ilminster,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Xin.

llminster, shall be the First District of the said Roads, and shall be known and called by the Name of the Southern District; and such Part and Parts of the said Roads leading from the said South-west Corner of the said Market House in the said Town of llminster, to a Place called Park Gate, at or near the South End of a certain Moor commonly called West Moor, and the said new Line of Road from West Street to or near Ash-well in the Parish of llminster, and from Lopen Head to Whitecross, and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Puckington, and from the Cross Ways in Barrington through Ruskway Lane to West Moor aforesaid, shall be the Second District of the said Roads, and shall be called or known by the Name of the Northern District; and such Part and Parts of the said Roads leading from the West End of the Teovil Turnpike Road in the Parish of Brimpton, through the Parishes of Odcombe, Mon-tacute, East and West Stoke (commonly called the Lower Way), over South Petherton Bridge, to the West End of the said Market House in the said Town of llminster, and from a Place called the Butts, through the Lane behind Butts and Strawberry Bank, to West Street in llminster, shall be the Third District of the said Roads, and shall be called and known by the Name of the Eastern District; and such Part and Parts of the said Roads leading from the said West End of the said Market House in llminster to a certain Place called Kenny Gate in the Parish of Ashill, and from a certain Place called Three Oaks, in the said Parish of Ashill, to Oldway, and froth a certain Public House called the Cross Keys, in the said Parish of Ashill, to a certain Place called the Catherine Wheel in the same Parish, shall be the Fourth District of the said Roads, and shall be called or known by the Name of the Western District; and such Part and Parts of the said Roads leading from the Chard Turnpike Road on Saint Rune Hill, through Kingstone, to a certain Public House called the White Horse, at the East End of the said Town of llminster, and from Durston*s Comer to the Cross in Hinton Saint George aforesaid, shall be the Fifth District of the said Roads, and shall be called and known by the Name of the Kingstone District.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the whole of the Tolls and Duties by this Act granted and imposed shall, for and during the Term of this Act, be charged with and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed or are now due and owing on the Credit of the said first recited Act, or on the Security of the Tolls thereby granted, together with the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit of this Act, or of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected; and that all and every Person and Persons owing any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing the said first recited Act, which in anywise concern the said Roads or either of tham, shall be liable to the Payment thereof to the Trustees for executing this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities, duly entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for executing the said first recited Act, or their Treasurer for the Time being, for or concerning any Matters or Things respecting the said Roads or either of them, or the Tolls arising thereon, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed on account and for the Benefit of the said Roads j and

all

1091

Southern.

Northern.

Eastern.

Western.

Kingstone.

This Act made subject to the Payment of all Money borrowed and

Persons owing Money to continue liable, and all Bonds, &c. to remain in

1092 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. liii.

all Contracts or Agreements duly made or entered into by the Trustees for executing the said first recited Act, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees under this Act, according to the Terms or Stipulations thereof respec-Respecting tively, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said first recited Act; and all Lettings of Lettings of Tolls, Orders, Contracts, and Agreements, already made or ormer o s. entere2 into v,y the saij Trustees for executing the said Act hereby repealed, shall, so far as the same are not altered or avoided by this Act, remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees under this Act, according to the Terms and Stipulations thereof respectively.

Roads made V. And be it further enacted, That all Roads made, opened, widened, or shut up diverted, shut up, or discontinued under or by virtue of the Powers and Trustees to Provisions of the said Act hereby repealed, shall remain and continue remain made open, widened, diverted, shut up, and discontinued, in such and the same or shut up. Manner as if such Act had not been repealed, and that the Trustees under this Act shall be discharged from the Care and Management of all Roads so shut up or discontinued.

Trustees

VI. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the appointed. Peace acting for the County of Somerset, together with the Honourable George Poulett, Robert Abraham, Thomas Abraham, Samuel Alfotd Clerk, Robert Bagehot, Edward Baker, William Banger, John Bowden, Thomas Beagly, Robert Collins Bryant, John Chaffey, Robert Chaffey, William Chaffy Thomas Edward Clarke, Thomas Clifton, James Benjamin Coles, John Collins, Robert Collins, Thomas Collins, Charles Collins, Edward Combe Clerk, John Cook, Richard Cook, Joseph Duke, John Baker Edmonds, John Baker Edmonds the younger, John England, John Inglett Fortescue, James Gifford, John Scott Gould, John Hallett, John Lee Hanning, Philip Hext, James Hine, William Hoskins, John Jesse, Giles Lang, John Langdon, Vincent Lang-worthy, John Hawkes Mules Clerk, John Nicholetts, George Notley, George Notley the younger, Stephen Pitt, Robert Poole, William Rossiter, John Row-sell, Robert Hooper Scott, John Slatter, Samuel Slatter, Samuel Slee, Henry Stambury Clerk, John Standerwick, Thomas Stephens, Sumner Smith Clerk, James Stayner, William Speke, William Speke the younger, Richard Toller, Charles Benjamin Tucker, Edward Raw Vere, John Vincent, Theophilus Wal-lington, John Wheadon, Janies Winter, John Wyatt, and their Successors, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for making, amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the said Roads by this Act intended to be made, amended, altered, turned, widened, improved and kept in repair, and for otherwise putting into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, at their First Meeting hereinafter directed, or at any subsequent Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (of which subsequent Meeting, and of the Purpose thereof. Twenty Days Norice shall be given by Insertion in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the County of Somerset), to elect and appoint any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of

Power to appoint additional Trus-

1093

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Ym.

of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees so to be elected and appointed shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed by this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall 10

be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and prescribed, and unless, being so qualified, he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, and the Oath hereinafter mentioned), take and subscribe, before One or more of the said Trustees, an Oath, or being a Quaker, an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, \or, being a Quaker, do affirm,) That I will truly ‘ and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, execute and ‘ Perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as ‘ a Trustee, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign ‘ of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Ad [here set forth f the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the ‘ Reign of his said Majesty, intituled [here set forth the Title of the general ‘ Turnpike Act.] So help me GOD.’

And if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign,

Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that no Act ot Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previouslyjto his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Tim‘ an;l George Inn, or some other convenient Place in Ilminster aforesaid, on the

First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, or as Truatefs. soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall then proceed to carry the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, into Execution.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at any of their For appoirn-Meetings, shall and may from Time to Time nominate and appoint a '"S Clerln, Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the aV"other!' Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other accountable

[Locals IB X < • . • Officers Officers.

1094

Trustees n( to appoint

Two Offices

Present Officers to continue.

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.liii.

Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time afterwards, when they shall see fit, to displace and remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, Collectors, and other Officers, or any of them; and on the Death, Removal, or Resignation of any such Clerk,' Treasurer, Surveyor, Collector, or other Officers, may nominate and appoint others in their Stead; provided nevertheless, that Fourteen Days previous Notice of such intended Removal, Nomination, or Appointment shall be given in some Newspaper usually circulated in the County of Somerset; and the said Trustees shall and may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries, and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed, or who shall assist in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, for their Services in or about the carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons, in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of rhis Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Parmer of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act; ori if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor, and other Officer and Officers (except the Treasurer) nominated and appointed under and by virtue of the said former Act hereby repealed, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments until he or they shall die, resign, or be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees; and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act and the said last-recited Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he or they had been nominated or appointed under and by virtue of this Act.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lm.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Officers or other Persons who are or shall have been employed, or who have received or shall receive any Tolls or other Money by virtue or on account of the said Act hereby repealed, or who have or shall have in their Custody or Possession any Money, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or any Thing relating to the said Roads, by the before recited Act directed to be improved and repaired, or either of them, shall, when required so to do, account for and pay and deliver over the same and every Part thereof to the Trustees hereby appointed, in like Manner and under the like Pains and Penalties, and with the like Powers to the Trustees for enforcing the Recovery thereof, a6 the several Collectors and other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of the said I 't-recited Act and this Act are required to pay or account for the same; and that the several Books and Accounts of the Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said Act hereby repealed, which are thereby directed to be Evidence in any Courts of Law, shall, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said Act, be deemed and taken in all Courts of Law to be Evidence of such Proceedings.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That for the Tkirposes of collecting and receiving the 1 oils hereby granted, the Trustees appointed or to be appointed in or by virtue of this Act, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to continue all or any of the Toll Gates and Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said recited Act hereby repealed, and shall and may erect or cause to be erected such and so many other Toll Gates and Weighing Engines in, upon, or across such Parts of the said Turnpike Roads by this Act directed to be nraintained'and kept in repair; and also such and so many Toll Gates on the Sides of either of the said Turnpike Roads, and in, upon, or across any Lane or Highway that does or shall lead into or out of the same, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and expedient, subject nevertheless to such Regulations, Restrictions, and Directions as in this Act or the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty are laid down, mentioned, or contained, concerning the placing or erecting of such Toll Gates or Weighing Engines; and also shall and may erect and provide a Toll House with suitable Buildings and other Conveniences at or near each Toll Gate; and also shall and may take in and inclose from the Sides of the said Roads convenient Garden Spots for the Toll Houses respectively, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre to each Toll House.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or their Lessee or Lessees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by virtue of this Act, Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to demand and take (subject and liable to the several Restrictions and Exemptions contained in this and the said recited Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) at each and every of the Toll Gates and Side Gates which shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, or across any of the said Turnpike Roads, or any Lane or Highway leading into the same, before any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, or any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same, the several Tolls and Duties following:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, drawing any Coach, Chaise, Marine, Barouche, Sociable, Landau, Berlin, Vis-a-vis, Chariot, Chaise, Phaeton,

Curricle,

1095

Books, Monies, and Effects under the former Act to be delivered tip to the Trustees.

Books used under former Act to be Evidence.

For continuing present Toll Gates and erecting other Toll Gates.

Power to take Tolls.

Tolls.

1096

Tolls to be paid but once in the same Day.

Stage

Coaches, &c. to pay each Time of passing.

Post Chaises. to pay each Time of passing with a

Exemptions from Toll.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. liii.

Curricle, Chair, Whisky, Calash, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, Taxed Cart, or other such like Carriage, any Sum not exceeding Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, any Sum not exceeding Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, any Sum not exceeding One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, any Sum not exceeding Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, any Sum not exceeding Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be paid, levied, applied, disposed of, and assigned, in manner directed by the said last recited Act and this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject or liable to the Payment of the respective Tolls by this Act granted more than once in any one Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night (except as by this Act or the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty otherwise provided^ directed, or mentioned) for passing or repassing any Time or Times, with the same Carriage, Beast, or Cattle, through one and the same Turnpike to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, or any other Gate or Turnpike on the same District of the said Road.s, nor to the Payment of such Tolls on the same Day at more than Two Turnpikes upon the whole Length of the said Roads,

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through any Turnpike or Toll Gate on the same District of the said Roads, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be again paid for re-passing through such Turnpike or Toll Gate, in like manner as if no Toll had been before paid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be payable for and in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing Postchaises and other Carriages travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or re-passing along the same District of the said Roads on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid), with a Ticket denoting a new Hiring.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act for any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle drawing any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Lime to be used for Manure only for improving Lands, or any Grass, Clover, Vetches, and Saintfoin cut green, which has grown or arisen on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such Grass, Clover, Vetches, and Saintfoin, and which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor is going to be 6old or disposed of.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. liii.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Incapacity, Misbehaviour, or Negligence of any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls hereby granted, the said Trustees or any Two or more of them, though not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, may discharge any such Collector or Receiver; and also shall and may nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall so become incapable, or misbehave, or be negligent, or in the Place of any such Collector or Receiver as shall die or abscond; which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as the Person he or she shall succeed would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees as aforesaid, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged as aforesaid, or any other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Toll Houses, Toll Gate, Toll Bar, Chain, or Weighing Machine, Buildings, and Premises, continued or erected by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made and Notice in Writing, to be given for that Purpose by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which the Toll House, Buildings, and Premises shall be situate, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the same County, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter and take Possession of such House, Buildings, and Premises, Toll Gate, Bar, Chain, or Weighing Machine, in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, or in the Possession thereof, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of and from the same, and to put the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, or their new appointed Officer, in the Possession thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates erected by the Authority of the said Act hereby repealed, or which shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, or across either of the said Turnpike Roads, or on the Side or Sides of any Part thereof respectively, to be removed to and erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of such other Part or Parts of the said Turnpike Roads hereby directed to be maintained and kept in Repair, or either of them, or otherwise to be wholly removed and taken away, as the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall from Time to Time order and direct, provided that none of the said Toll Gates shall be removed or taken away as aforesaid, unless Notice in Writing of the Intention to remove or take away the same shall have been affixed upon all the Toll Gates then standing upon the said Turnpike Roads, nor unless such Notice shall have been advertised in some Newspaper published in the said County of Somerset, Fourteen Days at least previous to such Order being made.

CLofal.] 12 r XXII. -And

1097

Trustees may appoint temporary Collectors.

For recovering Possession of Toll Houses from Collectors, &c.

Trustees tray

remove

Gates.

1098

Power to sell the present or any future Toll Houses.

Plan of the new Line of Road to remain with the Clerk of the Peace.

Trustees to make the new Branch conformable to the Plan, notwithstanding Errors or Emission*

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. liii.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses, or Building or Buildings, heretofore purchased, erected, or intended for the Purpose of a Toll House or Toll Houses by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed, or hereafter to be purchased or erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, which shall be considered by the said Trustees as useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or by private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same, and to convey, assign, and surrender the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, according to the Nature and Tenure of the Estate by which the same may be holden; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased according to the Nature or Tenure thereof, discharged from all Trusts and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be answerable for the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money : Provided always, that such Preference of Purchase shall be given to the Person or Persons from whom any Land on which any Toll Houses may have been erected was purchased, leased, or taken in exchange, or to the Person or Persons whose Land shall adjoin thereto, as is by the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be given, where any Piece or Pieces of Ground, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is or are authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XXIII. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the new Line of Road from West Street to or near Ashwell in llminster, and the Lands through which the same is expressed and intended to be carried, together with a Book of Reference containing Lists of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners or Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Somerset; be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may at any reasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Three-pence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to set out and make the said Branch or new Road into, through, across, or over the several Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands and Premises over or through which the same is or are set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although such Lands and Premises, or the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, may happen to be erroneously described, omitted, or misstated in the said Map or Plan or List, in case it shall

6 appear

1099

4° GEORGII IV. CapM.

appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, in making, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of the said intended new Road, to deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers for the Time being of the Lands and Grounds which may be affected by any such Deviation or Alteration; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Autho- Trustees re-

rities hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to em- strained from power or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling down

House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Garden, Yard, Houses with-Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed out Consent Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof of the respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor 0wnsr»-thereof first had and obtained, other than and except so much and such

Part of such Dwelling Houses, or other Buildings, Gardens, Yards, Parks,

Paddocks, planted Walks, Avenues, and Nurseries for Trees as are described in the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to said Trustees and for their Surveyor or Surveyors, and Workmen, with enter Lands or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the 5£0<j',te Lands and Premises through which or whereupon the said Road hereby authorized to be made and kept in Repair, or any Alteration or Deviation thereof is intended to pass, and also upon any adjoining Lands or Grounds, and to stake out the said Road, and cut and make any Drains

or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part thereof, and to make a temporary Way or Ways through or over any such adjoining Lands or Grounds (not being a Garden, Yard, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), to be made use of as a public Highway whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road are being widened or altered, and until the said Road shall be made safe and convenient for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think necessary or proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands for the Damage that shall be thereby occasioned; such Damages to be ascertained and settled, in case of Dispute concerning the same, in the same Manner as the Value of Lands to be purchased by virtue of this Act is directed to be ascertained and settled in case of Dispute; and if any Person shall pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out any Part of such Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Notto deviate more than One hundred Yards.

1100 4° GEORGII IV. CapXm.

Trustees may

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful PersSfo^ ^or sa^ Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered making and from Time to Time at any of their Meetings as occasion shall require, repairing to contract and agree with any fit Person or Persons, Artificers, Work-Roads, &c. men or others, for the making, repairing, widening, altering, improving, and maintaining the said Roads, and for the doing all Matters and Things authorized or directed to be done and performed in pursuance or execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, or for the supplying any of the Materials for the same, which Contract or Contracts shall specify the Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of the Nonperformance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, and the Person or Persons contracting for such Works respectively, which Contracts or a Copy thereof shall be entered in a Book for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; Notice to be but previous to making any such Contracts for Works, the Expence of published of which shall amount to Fifty Pounds or upwards, Ten Days Notice at the contract''l° ^east he given in One or more public Newspaper or Newspapers

circulated in the said County of Somerset, expressing the Intention of entering into such Contracts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the same may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Trustees at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned; and that all such Contracts, Agreements, and Assurances shall be made at the Expence of the said Trustees, and shall be kept by the Clerk to the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time deliver attested Copies thereof at the Expence of any Person or Persons whomsoever requiring the same; and such Clerk shall have and receive Sixpence and no more for every Seventy-two Words of such attested Copy, (exclusive of the Duty payable in respect thereof), and so in proportion for any less Number of Words.

Surveyor

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Obstructions anc^ sa'l<* Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as

in the Roads. he or they shall appoint, from Time to Time, without giving any previous Notice, to remove all such Earth, Trees, Roots of Trees, and such other Things as shall slide or fall or be blown down from any Hedge, Bank, or Land into or upon any of the said Roads, so as to narrow or obstruct the Passage through the same, and to carry and place the same on any Waste Ground near thereto, so as to prevent the same from being an Annoyance to Travellers; and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands from whence such Earth, Trees, Roots, or other Things shall so slide or fall or be blown down as aforesaid; and the Charges of carrying away the same shall be reimbursed and paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers respectively, and shall be recovered by such Ways and Means as any Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty are directed to be recovered.

Surveyor to

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Trees°grow- anc^ ^0l sa'^ Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he ing over the or they shall appoint (by the Direction and under the Hands of any Three

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. liii.

or more of the said Trustees) from Time to Time to cut down, lop, or top any Tree or Trees growing in any Part of the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, being within Fifteen Feet of the Centre of any of the said Roads, in case the Owner or Owners of such Tree or Trees, or the Person or Persons who ought to cut down, lop, or top the same, shall not, within Ten Days after Notice given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors for that Purpose, cut down, lop, or top such Tree or Trees: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to empower any Person or Persons to cut down any Tree or Trees now growing in or upon the Banks of any Land or Ground, now being a Park or Paddock stocked with Deer, or now growing in or upon a certain Farm called Hill Farm in the Parish of Chil-lington, or in or upon the Banks or Hedges between Standlands Knap and Chillington Down, or between Dinnington Gate and Saint Rane Hill; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already received by virtue of the said first recited Act, and now in the Treasurer’s Hands, or out of the first Money which shall arise or be received from the Tolls by the said recited Act and this Act granted, or out of such Money as shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof, the said Trustees shall in the First Place pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act, and such Monies shall, in the Second Place, be applied in erecting Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and in making, amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the said Roads, and in otherwise putting this Act into Execution, and in keeping down the Interest of the Principal Monies advanced or borrowed, or now due and owing on the Credit of the said first recited Act, and which may be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and lastly, in repaying the Principal Monies already due or to be borrowed by virtue of the said last recited Act or this Act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so

often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil or Injury, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Applicator^/.] 12 Z tion

1101

Road, or within a cer-tainDistanoe.

Application of the Toll* and Money to be bor-

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Trustees, 8:c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

1102

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. liii.

tion made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties enti* tied to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in silch case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be.

Regulations

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are formance of or to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable

Statute towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof. Work. shall still remain liable thereunto in like manner as heretofore; and it

shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, (at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct j and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, 4 or

1103

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Yin.

or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or hem, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Somerset, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

[Public Act.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by

all Judges, Jusdces, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commence-upon and have continuance from the First Day of January One thou- »'ent.anJ sand eight hundred and twenty-four, for and during the Term of ontlDuance* Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

CapAiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Wibsey Low Moor, near Bradford, through Brighouse to Huddersfield, with Three Diversions or Branches from such Road, in the West Riding

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Turnpike Road from a certain Highway leading from Wibsey Bank Foot over Wibsey Low Moor to the Township of Wike, and commencing at or near to the Low Moor Iron Works, in the Township of North Bierley in the Parish of Bradford, and to pass from thence through the said Township of North Bierley, and also through Upper and Lower Wike to Bailiff Bridge in the Parish of Birstal, and from thence through or near to the Town or Village of Brighouse to Brighouse Bridge, and from such Bridge, in a South-eastwardly Direction, to the Corner of Hilly Wood, and from thence unto or near to a Place called Toothill within the Parish of Halifax, and from Toothill through Fell Grove Wood to Cuckold's Clough, and from thence by Far Town Green to the Town of Huddersfield, all within the Parish of Huddersfield, together with Two Diversions from such Road, One to commence at or near to Upper Wike aforesaid, and to extend from thence in a South-westwardly Direction unto or near to Bailiff Bridge aforesaid, and the other to commence at or near to the Occupation Road leading to Lands belonging to William Edward Ledgard in the Parish of Halifax aforesaid, and passing from thence along Bone Gate to join the said Road at or near to the Friends Meeting House in Rastrick, in the Parish of Halifax aforesaid, and with a Branch from such Road to commence at or near to a certain Close of Land belonging to Thomas Thornhill Esquire, in Rastrick aforesaid, and extending from thence in a South-westwardly Direction to the Village of Rastrick in the Parish of Halifax, all in the West Riding of the County

[23d May 1823.]

1iJS

of

1106

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. liv.

of Turk, would be of great Advantage to Persons travelling between the Two great Commercial Towns of Bradford and Huddersfield, as well at to the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within and in the Vicinity of the said several Parishes or Places, and to the Public in general, by avoiding many steep, long, and dangerous Hills, and by effecting a considerable Saving in Distance between the said Towns of Bradford and Huddersfield: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His 3G. 4. c. 126. present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas the beneficial Purposes before mentioned cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. General That the said recited Act, and all and every the Powers, Provisions,

Turnpike Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and

tortlsAct*6'1 Things therein contained, shall (except where the same is or are hereby expressly varied, altered, or repealed), be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

Trustees.

II. And be it further enacted, That Sir George Armytage Baronet, John Armytage, Henry Armytage, Edward Armytage, George Armitage Lightcliffe, Joseph Armitage, John Armitage Woodhouse, William Arch-bell, Benjamin Haigh Allen, Samuel Broadley, William Brook, John Blesard, William Battye, John Blackburn, William Walker Battye, John Bower, Timothy Bentley, John Blackburn of Bradford, John Ness Blakey, John Barnes, John Bottomley, James Cartledge, John Clay, Thomas Cooper, Samuel Crowtber, John Clay, John Cooper, Richard Crosley, Joseph Clay, Joshua Crosland, James Crosland, John Chapman, James Cousen, Samuel Cousen, Sir Edward Dodsworth Baronet, Joseph Dawson, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson, Thomas Drake, John Dobson, Francis Duffield, William Earruhaw, Henry Lees Edwards, Richard Fawcett, John Wilmer Field, John Farrer, John Field, Robert Firth, Thomas Firth, John Fisher, Samuel Freeman, William Freeman, Joseph Fryer, Joseph Jowitt Fryer, Charles Fryer, George Golithorp, John Goldthorp, Gilbert Goldthorp, James Garnett, John Hustler, Charles Harris, Henry Harris, William Horsfall, Samuel Hailstone, John Hustler the younger, John Hardy, John Hardy the younger, Lamplugh Hird Clerk, Henry Wickham Hird, Richard Hodgson, Joseph Hollings, Edward Hinchliffe, John Holland, William Holland, Samuel Holland, John Holland the younger, Joseph Holland, Richard Howarth, John Horsfall, Abraham Horsfall the younger, John Horsfall the younger, Thomas Hollings, Joseph Hardcastle, John Knight, Benjamin Knight, Ellis Cunliffe Lister, Henry Leah, George Thompson Lister, Daniel Ledgard, William Edward Ledgard, John Lee Wakefield, Richard Lupton, James Marshall, John Mann, Joshua Mann, William Marshall, Thomas Marshall, Charles Mayer, Martin Manley, William Maud, Samuel Margerison, Thomas Mason, James Edward Norris, William John Norris, Richard Oastler, John Ormerod, John Ormerod the younger, Hanson Ormerod, Henry Ormerod, Richard Ormerod, Thomas Outhwaite, John Outhwaite Doctor of Medicine, Sir William Pilkington Baronet, John Green Paley, Joshua Pollard, John Priestley Bradford, William Pearson, Henry Priestley, William Priestley, John Priestley, Walter Priestley, Edward Priestley, Charles Pitchforth, Solomon Pitchforth, William Pollard, ro Sir

1107

4" GEORGII IV. CapMv.

Sir John Ramsden Baronet, Sir Joseph Radcliffe Baronet, John Charles Ramsden, Benjamin Rawson, William Rawson, John Rawson, William Henry Rawson, Thomas Rawson, Thomas Rishworth, Thomas Rishworth the younger, John Rand, William Rand, Joseph Rushforth, Christopher Rawson, John Robinson, George Stansfeld, William Skelton, Michael Stocks,

Joseph Stocks, William Sharp, James Sellers, Jonathan Scholefield, Samuel Schofield the younger, William Stocks, Francis Simes, Thomas Thornhill,

Matthew Thompson, Benjamin Thompson, Matthew Wilson, Matthew Wilson the younger, John Walker, John Walker the younger, Jo&xi BW the younger, Matthias Whitehead, Richard Bradley Wainman, Joiw

Godfrey Wentworth Wentworth, William Wilkes, James Wiglesworth,

William Wood, being qualified in manner by the said recited Act directed, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Meeting appoint to be held for that Purpose, (of which Meeting, and of the Purpose Trustees1 thereof. Ten Days Notice shall be given in manner by the said recited Act directed, with respect to Meetings for the Appointment of Trustees on Vacancies), to elect and appoint any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five in the whole, to be Trustees for executing this Act and the said recited Act, in Addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees so elected and appointed, and being duly qualified, shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act and the said recited Act as if they had been named in this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Trustees to be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless be sworn, he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act

is directed and prescribed, nor unless he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation mentioned in the said recited Act, and the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe, or being of the People called Quakers, make and subscribe, before One or more of the said Trustees, (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath or Affirmation following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly Oath.

* affirm], That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of

* my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities,

* and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, e intituled An Act {here set forth the Title of this Act], and of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, inti-‘ tuled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating ‘ Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England.

'So help me GOD.’

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words 1 So help me God/]

And if any Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken or made and subscribed such Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts . of

1108

Meetings of Trustees.

Appointment of Officers.

Trustees may appoint temporary Collectors.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. liv.

of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or oy Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, which shall be done or performed by any Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take or make and subscribe the Oath or Affirmation by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or nullified; but every such Proceeding shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath or made such Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet together at the Sun Inn at Bradford, or at some other convenient Place upon or near to the said Road, on the Third Monday after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall and may then, and from Time to Time after, adjourn to and meet at such Times, and at such Place or Places upon or near to the said Road, as they shall think proper : Provided always, that no Adjournment of the said Trustees shall be for a longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months, and that all Meetings of the said Trustees shall be held between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at any of their Meetings, shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Removal of any such Officer or Officers may appoint another or others in his or their Stead; and Seven Days Notice shall be given by any Two or more of the said Trustees, and shall be inserted in some Public Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates standing or being on or across the said Road, of every Meeting when any such Appointment or Removal shall be intended to be made after the First Meeting of the said Trustees, specifying the Intention of appointing or removing such Officer or Officers; and the said Trustees shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries, and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed, or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, for their Services in or about the carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls hereby granted shall neglect or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, or shall otherwise misbehave or misconduct himself, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver; and in such Case, and also in case any Collector or Receiver shall die, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the Trustees, or until removed by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of this Act; which Person or Persons so nominated and appointed

1109

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Hr.

pointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as if he or they had been nominated and appointed at a Meeting called and held in pursuance of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be law- Clerk and ful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any the sarae such Clerk, or the Clerk of or other Person in the Service or Employ Person, of such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk for the Purposes of this Act; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person, being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk of or other Person in the Service or Employ of such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of such Treasurer, shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any Treasurer shall hold any Place of Profit or Trust under this Act other than that of Treasurer, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees to erect, set up, and build, in, upon, or across the Road, Diver-

sions, and Branch hereby intended to be made and maintained in Repair, ale8’ c' or any Part of the same, or upon or across the Entrance to any Road,

Lane, or Way leading into the same, or any Part thereof, when and where and as often as they shall judge necessary, any Gate, Turnpike,

Bar, or Chain, and also One or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniences thereto, at or near to any Toll Gate or Weighing Machine upon the said Road, and to take in and inclose on the Sides of the said Road suitable Garden Spots for such Toll House or Toll Houses, (not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre each), with such Number of Lamps to such Toll House or Toll Houses as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to take down and remove, or to alter and discontinue the same, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and direct or appoint.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Third Monday Power to next after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trus- take To,ls* tees, or for any Person under their Authority, to demand and take the following Tolls at every Turnpike, Toll Gate, Side Bar, or Chain to be continued, erected, or placed by virtue of this Act in, upon, across, or

on the Sides of the said Road, and in, upon, across, or on the Sides of the Diversions or Branch herein-before directed to be made from and out of such Road, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same respectively \ (that is to say).

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Barouche, Landau, Toll*.

Chariot, Chaise, Curricle, Caravan, Chair, or other wheeled Carriage,

not being a Waggon or Cart, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For

1110 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. liv.

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels whereof shall be of the Breadth of Six Inches, or more, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Horse or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Five Shillings per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number than a Score : And,

For every Drove of Calves. Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of One Shilling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number than a Score.

Which said respective Sums of Money hereby authorized to be demanded and taken as aforesaid shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Toll; and the same shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied and disposed of in manner hereafter directed.

Tolls for

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person, passing and having paid the said Tolls, and producing a Ticket from the Collector Oncethrough denoting such Payment, shall be permitted to pass and repass Once in the same Toll the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Gates in One Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, through the Toll Gates or Day- Toll Bars mentioned in such Ticket, with the same Horses or other

Beasts, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, without being subject or liable to any additional Toll for so doing; and no Person shall be permitted to pass a subsequent Time in any One Day (to be computed as aforesaid) with the same Cattle through any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars aforesaid, until he shall have paid for every such subsequent Time of passing through any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid) with the same Horses, Beasts, or Cattle, such Toils, not exceeding the Tolls herein-before mentioned, as the said Trustees shall direct or appoint; and such Person for every such Payment for such subsequent passing, shall be permitted to repass through such Toll Gates or Toll Bars, with the same Horses, Beasts, or Cattle the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid, without paying any other Toll.

Tolls for passing through all the Toll

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no more than Five full Tolls shall be demanded or taken of or from any Person or Persons for or in respect of the same Horse or Horses or other Beasts or Cattle, or Carriage or Carriages, in any One Day, (to be computed as aforesaid) for passing and repassing Once through all or any of the said Toll Gates or Toll Bars to be erected under the Powers of this Act.

Coaches to

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Tolls j>°yeveV° s*la" Pa’^ ^°r ani* *n respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught

Time of drawing any Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, or Stage Waggon,

passing. or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay or Reward, every Time of passing along the said Road.

Enabling

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls uke'posses- ans'n8 on *l*e said Road shall be demised or let to farm to any Person

.4 or

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. liv. 1111

or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer sion of Toll or Farmers thereof shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and iet°"*£^en Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let; or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Part or Instalment thereof, shall be in Arrear or unpaid for the Space of Fourteen Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid pursuant to the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting thereof; or in case such Lease, Agreement, or Contract shall in any other Manner become void; then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said West Riding, upon Application made by the said Trustees, or by any Person by them appointed on their Behalf, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of every or any Toll House, Toll Gate, Bar or Chain, or Weighing Machine, and the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the Day-time, and to remove and put such Lessee or Lessees, Fanner or Farmers of the Tolls arising thereout respectively, or other the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the same, and from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls, and to give to the said Trustees, or other Persons acting by or under their Authority, Possession thereof; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall think fit, to vacate and determine the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall accordingly be utterly void, to all Intents and Purposes,

(save as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other unperformed or broken Obligations,

Covenants, or Agreements on the Lessee’s Part,) as if such Lease,

Agreement, or Contract had never been made; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected in such and the same Manner as if no former Lease, Agreement, or Contract had been made relative thereto.

XV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Tolls and other Application Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act or the said recited °^dt^oUs Act, the said Trustees shall in the first Place, and in Preference to all borrowed other Disbursements whatsoever, pay and discharge all Costs and Expences relative or incident to the procuring and passing of this Act, and the Remainder of all such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying any Money which may be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and the Interest to grow due thereon, and in making, rendering commodious, improving, and maintaining in Repair the said Road, and in making and maintaining the Diversions and Branch from such Road, and in otherwise carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Road may be Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make the raade*

said Road, Diversions, and Branch in, upon, over, or through any private Lands or Grounds, of such Width as they shall think proper, not exceeding Forty-two Feet, together with such Footpaths, Causeways,

Bridges, Culverts, Fences, Ditches, and Drains, as they shall think necessary or expedient, and for such Purpose or Purposes to pull down, or

take

1112

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. liv.

take and use, and lay into the said Roads any Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the same, or for the Damage they may sustain thereby, and also in, upon, over, or through any Commons or Waste Grounds, without making any Satisfaction for such Commons or Waste Grounds; and it shall also be lawful for the said Trustees, and for their Surveyors or Surveyor and Workmen, from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Premises through which or whereupon such Roads, Footpaths, Causeways, Fences, Ditches, and Drains is or are intended to be made or pass, and also upon any adjoining Lands or Grounds, and to stake out the same in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think necessary or expedient, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon such Lands or Premises respectively for any of the Purposes of this Act; and if any Person shall pull up, remove, or destroy any of such Stakes, or other Marks used for the Purposes aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Trustees may

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said the Purchase Trustees from Time to Time to treat, contract, and agree with the Parties of Land. or Persons who shall be Owners of or interested in any private Lands, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be taken or made use of in the Execution of this Act, or who shall sustain any Loss or Damage by means thereof, for the Purchase of such Lands, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and for the Value, Consideration, Compensation, or Satisfaction to be made for the same, or for such Loss or Damages aforesaid j and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, or Committees, and all other Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on the Behalf of the Person or Persons entitled in Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy after them, and for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Femes Covert, Wards, Infants, or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Persons of unsound Memory and Understanding, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any such Lands, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat, contract, and agree with the Trustees for executing this Act for the Value, Consideration, Compensation, or Satisfaction to be made for such Property or Interest, or for any Loss or Damages as aforesaid, and to sell and convey unto the said Trustees any such Lands, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for any of the Purposes of this Act; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, without Fine or Recovery, and shall be a complete Bar to all Estates Tail, and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Trusts, and Interests whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Lifeor in Tail, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees,

1113

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. liv.

tees, Committees, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XVIII. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Line of the said Road to be Roads, and the Lands through or over which the same is to be made .made accord" or carried, together with a Book of Reference containing a List of the JJJp'or Hao Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been depo- deposited at sited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the West Riding of the the Office of County of York; be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and tke £lerk of the Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the 1 e eace" Peace for the said Riding, to the End that all Persons may, at all seasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to

take Copies or Extracts thereof, at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference j and that the said Trustees in making the said Roads shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands such Deviation shall be made.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Lands lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Roads into, through, across, marked in or over the several Lands of any Person or Persons who is or are or ^eu^n JJJJJ may be Owner or Owners of Lands over which the same is or are set withstanding out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Errors in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted Book of

or mis-stated in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear Reference* to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake; and such Certificate shall be deposited with and remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Trustees Authorities given by this Act for making the said Roads, shall not ex- restrained tend or be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trus- d?wn Dwell-tees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to i,)g Houses, take in or make use of any Curtilage, Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, &c. without Paddock, Lawn, Shrubbery, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or t^eConsent any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or ° 1 e°wncr* any Part thereof respectively, (other than and except such as are mentioned in the said Map or Plan, and in the Schedule to this Act annexed),

without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof, or other Person interested therein, first had and obtained.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so Directing often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered by any how Costs Justice or Justices of the Peace to be paid in pursuance of the Directions a:,d Daraag«* of the said recited Act or of this Act, as or by way of Compensation covered6

or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, cr Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Five Days after [Local.] 13 C Demand

1114

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. liv.

Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justices, from any Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Directions or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned, on Demand, to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be; and such Treasurer shall and he is hereby authorized to retain, out of the first Monies which shall come to his Hands by virtue of this Act, the Amount of such Costs and Expences so paid by him as aforesaid.

Statute

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or

Labour. shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards the repairing and amending the said Road, shall be and remain liable thereto in like Manner in every respect as they now are or have heretofore been; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said West Riding, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places in or through which the said Road doth or shall lie, lead, or pass, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, to bring in a List before the said Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such List the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work 5 as

1115

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. liy.

as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Part of the said Roads,as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct j and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force or effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on any Part of the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be so found idle and negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor of the said Trustees.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That Ditches, Drains, or Water- Ditches, courses, of a sufficient Depth and Breadth for keeping the said Road dry. Drains, and conveying the Water from the same, shall be made by the said ?rid«es’ &c' Trustees, or their Surveyor or other Officer, on the Sides of the said be made a° 1 Road, and also, where necessary, into or through any Lands or Grounds cleansed. ' adjoining to or lying near the said Road (not being a Yard, Garden,

Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House), at the Expence of the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; and sufficient Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, Tunnels, or Plats shall be made by the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or other Officer, upon or out of or across the said Road, also at the Expence of the said Trustees, out of the Monies aforesaid, any thing in the said General Turnpike Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Ditches, Drams, and Watercourses, Bridges, Arches, Culverts,

Trunks,

1116

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. liv.

Trunks, Tunnels, or Plats, when made and completed by the said Trustees, shall for ever afterwards be scoured, cleansed, and kept open, repaired and maintained, by the Occupiers of the adjoining Lands or Grounds; but all such new Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, Tunnels, and Plats as shall cross or pass in or under the said Road, shall be scoured, cleansed, and kept open, repaired and maintained, by the said Trustees, subject to the Provisions of the said General Turnpike Act.

Trustees not

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Dispute, Suit, Evidence16"4 or litigation touching or in anywise relating to the Execution of this Act or of the said recited Act, no Person acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, or of the said recited Act, shall be incompetent to give Testimony or Evidence therein by reason of his being such Trustee as aforesaid.

[Public Act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Acs shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon ment and the Third Monday next after the passing hereof, and shall continue and erm o c • in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Owners. Occupiers. Description of Property.

BRIGHOUSE: Devisees of the late John r Goldthorpe - \ Thomas Aspinal John Clay RASTRICK: William Hoyle - f and < Thomas Hoyle - j Martin Manley Joseph Denham John Rushworth -HUDDERSFIELD: Mary Skelbeck - | FAR TOWN: Sir John Ramsden, Baronet Thomas Richardson, and Charles Firth Emanuel Stocks John Brook Sarah Bottomley James Pinder Thomas Hoyle Joseph Pawson, and William Booth James Collison Benjamin Broughton Joseph Hirsi -Joseph Crowther Benjamin Bradley Leonora Driver Joseph Cockcroft A Cottage and Privy. A Privy. A Shed or Hovel. I Five Cottages, with Coal J Houses. A Cottage, Shop, and Coal Houses. A Cottage, Coal House, and Privy. 1 Two Cottages, a Stable, and / Privy. ■» A Cottage, Workshop, and / Coal Houses. A Cottage.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap Ax.

An Act for more effectually amending the Iloads from the Little Bridge over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's Fields and the Bell Inn in Wisbeach in the Isle of Ely, to the West End of Long Bridge in South Lynn in the Borough of King's Lynn in the County of Norfolk; and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Norfolk.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for 5 ^.3. r.|0i. repairing and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper’s Fields and the Bell Inn in Wisbeach in the hie of Ely, to the Sign 0/The.Bear in Wal-soken in the Comity g/* Norfolk, and from Walsoken Bridge, lying over the same Drain, to the said Sign of The Bear, and to Lord’s Bridge in Islington, and from thence to the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge and German’s Bridge in the County of Norfolk, and from the East End of German’s Bridge aforesaid to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn in the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk, and from Islington aforesaid to Cross-Keys Wash, in the said County : And whereas [Local.'] *3 D an

1118 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lv.

26G.3. c. 127. an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fortyrseventh Year of

47G. 3. c. 26. His said Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Two Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the

3G.4. C. 12G. Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Three first recited Acts have proceeded from Time to Time to put the said Acts into Execution, and great Improvements have been made in the said Roadsj but a large Sum of Money having been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads by virtue of the said Three first recited Acts, great Part of which Money still remains due and owing and cannot be paid off, nor can the said several and respective Roads mentioned and described in the said Three first recited Acts be kept in good Repair unless the Term granted and continued by the said Three first recited Acts be further continued; and it would be more convenient if the said Three first recited Acts were repealed, and other Powers and Provisions granted instead thereof; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas many Alterations have been made in the Roads herein-after mentioned and described within the last Two Years, under and by virtue of the various Eau Brink Acts of Parliament, by which a new River or Cut has been made from Eau Brink aforesaid to the Borough of King's Lynn aforesaid, and a free Bridge built across the same, by which Bridge the Road from South Lynn aforesaid to Wisbeach aforesaid will (when completed) be shortened full Three Miles out of a Distance of Sixteen Miles, and the Road from South Lynn aforesaid to Cross-Keys Wash aforesaid will likewise be shortened about Six Miles out of a Distance of Fourteen Miles; and the Public in general will thereby be greatly benefited, but the Creditors upon the Tolls will be considerably injured until new Houses are built and Toll Gates erected, in lieu of those which by the said Change of Roads have been deserted and evaded, to the great Loss of the Persons who havealready advanced Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls: And whereas the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at or near the Turnpike Gate called Long Bridge Gate or Bar in South Lynn aforesaid, to the East End of the said Bridge called Marshland Free Bridge, and also the Road leading from the West End of the said Bridge called Marshland Free Bridge, lying in the several Parishes of South Lynn All Saints, West Lynn Saint Peter's, Clenchwarton, fVig-genhall Saint Mary's, Tilney All Saints, Tilney cum Islington, Tilney Saint Lawrence, and Terrington Saint John's, in the said County of Norfolk, to another Bridge or Tunnel called the Rose and Crown Tunnel in the said Parishes of Terrington Saint John's, and Tilney Saint Lawrence, and adjoining a certain Bank called the Five Mile Bank: And also the Road leading from the said Road at the West End o! the said Bridge called Marshland Free Bridge, lying in the several Parishes of fFt?st Lynn Saint Peter's and Clenchwarton aforesaid, and also in the several Parishes of Terrington Saint Clement's and Walpole Saint Andrew's in the said Cminty of Norfolk, to the common Sea Bank in the said Parish of Walpole Saint a Andrew's*

1119

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lv.

Andrew's, adjoining the Road or Way leading over the Wash called Cross-Keys Wash, and from the North-west End of the Ferry House in West Lynn Saint Peter's aforesaid, to and through the said Parish of Clenchwarton, and also from the Boundary of Clenchwarton aforesaid to the End of the Weir Bank or Boundary Bank near Kenwick Farm, between the said Parishes of Clenchwarton and Tilney All Saints, and along the said Road from Clenchwarton aforesaid, to join the said Turnpike Road in Tilney Saint Lawrence aforesaid, are greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be a great Accommodation to the Neighbourhood, and of great public Utility, if the same were to be repaired and put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said last recited Act and this Act: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That The Three the said Three first recited Acts, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, ^rst recited and Things therein respectively contained, shall be and the same is and ct9rePea e are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that this Act and the said last recited Act shall commence and take Effect in lieu and instead thereof, and shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as well for the Purpose of amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Roads included in the said Three first recited Acts, as for the surveying, amending, turning, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said several additional Roads herein mentioned and described, as fully and effectually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said additional Roads had been Part of the Roads comprized in the said T hree first recited Acts and this Act; and the Term and Tolls hereby granted shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on account of the said Three first recited Acts, and also of such other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed by virtue of or become due on the Credit of the said Three first recited Acts and of this Act, any or either of them, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Reme- 3G.4.C. 126. dies, Penalties, Exemptions, Matters, and Things contained in the said extended to recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said present th,s Act-Majesty, shall extend and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend to this Act, in as full, large, and ample a Manner, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same respectively were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, save and except where the same are or any Part thereof is expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Bonds and and Securities, made or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with Securities any of the Trustees for executing the said Three first recited Acts, accord- entered into

1120 4" GEORGII IV. CapAv.

former Acts ing to the Provisions and Directions thereof respectively, shall remain in force'until^ ^orce ail(* and shall be and continue available in all Courts of

satisfied and

Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed; and all paid. Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, and Securities, duly made or entered into by the Trustees for executing the said Acts hereby repealed, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees for executing, this Act and the said last recited Act, and be observed and kept by them according to the Terms and Stipulations and Tenor thereof respectively.

Irustecs. jv# And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being acting for the said County of Norfolk, together with Sir Jacob Astley Baronet, Stephen Allen Clerk, Stephen Allen the younger, Clerk, Thomas Allen, John Maxcy Allen, the Right Honourable William Henry Cavendish Scott Bentinck commonly called the Marquis of Titchfield, the Right Honourable William Cavendish Bentinck commonly called Lord William Cavendish Bentinck, Sir Charles Brown, Philip Bell Clerk, Thomas Philip Bagge, William Bagge, Henry Birkbeck, William Bagge the younger, Richard Bagge, Edward Bagge, Henry Case Bagge, John Prescott Blencowe, John Prescott Blencowe the younger, Alexander Bowker, John Brett Clerk, George Barnes Clerk, Philip Bell the younger, George Brown, James Coldbam, Henry Waller Coldham, John Coldham C lerk, William Davy Clerk, John Davy, James Dillingham, Edward Everard, Edward Everard the younger. Scarlet Everard, William Everard, James Eve-rard, Edward Brown Everard, Salisbury Everard, Wallen Everard, Edward Edwards Clerk, George Edwards, Henry Elsden, Edmund Els den, Sir William John Henry Brown Folkes Baronet, Price Fountain, Andrew Fountain, Andrew Fountain the younger, William Fawssett Clerk, Daniel Gurney, Robert Green, Thomas Gales, Frederic Goldfrap Clerk, Ambrose Goode Clerk, Ambrose Goode the younger, Clerk, Sir Andrew Snape Hamond Baronet, Sir Thomas Hare Baronet, Graham Eden Hamond, Thomas Hoseason. Thomas Pellew Hoseason, John Cochrane Hoseason, Charles James Hoseason, George Hogg, George Hogg the younger, Martin Hogg Clerk, Henry Hogg, Richard Hamond, Philip Hamond, Robert Hamond Clerk, Henry Hoste Henley, Henry John Henley, John Turner Hales, George Harwood, Robert Hales Clerk, William Hoste, Dixon Hoste, Derick Hoste, Robert Hankinson Clerk, Robert Edwards Hankinson Clerk, Thomas Huh ton, Francis Hulton, John Hemington, Henry Helsham, Cornelius Pateman Herbert, William Hardyman Clerk, Hugh Jackson, Arthur Iveson Clerk, Saint Andrew Saint John, Samuel Lane, Frederick Lane, John JJoyd, John Mills, James Edward Rose Nelson Clerk, Edward Roger Pratt, Edward Roger Pratt the younger, John Davis Plestow Clerk, Charles Plestow, Edward Paston, Algernon Peyton Clerk, William Seppings, Jonathan Townley Clerk, Gale Townley Clerk, Thomas Upwood, Thomas Thorogood IJpwood Clerk, Edmond Wodehouse, the Honourable John Walpole, William Wilson, Lee Warner, Peter Skrimpshire Wood Dean of Middleham, John Whing, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for putting the said last recited Act and this Act into Execution.

Power to V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the

appoint said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby autho-

.-ulditional rized and empowered, at their First Meeting to be holden in pursuance

Trustees. r of

J121

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Iv.

of the said last recited Act and this Act, to elect any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five in the Whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act and the said last recited Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby and by the said last recited Act appointed; and such Trustees so elected, and being qualified according to the Directions of the said Act and this Act, shall be and are hereby vested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this and the said last recited Act, as if they had been hereby nominated and appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of act- Trustees to ing as a Trustee, for putting the said last recited Act and this Act in Exe-

cution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said toagXecruutg last recited Act is directed and prescribed; and unless (being so quali- the Acts, fied) he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last recited Act, and the Oath hereinafter mentioned), take and subscribe, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, an Oath, or, being a Quaker, an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, [or, being a Quaker, do affirm,] That I will truly, Form of the ‘ honestly, and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, Oath.

‘ execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts re-

* posed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth

* Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An

‘ Act, &c. [ here insert the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to 1 amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in 1 that Fart of Great Britain called England. So help me GOD.

Which Oath or Affirmation any Two or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign,

Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said last recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Acts and Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said First Meet-Trustees shall be held at the Guildhall, or at some other convenient ing of the House or Place, in the Borough of King’s Lynn aforesaid, on the Fifth Trustees* Day of June next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, at which Meeting the said Trustees shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers,

and a Clerk or Clerks, and also a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and of all the Monies to be collected, or which shall or may be due and [Local."] 13 E payable

1122 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lv.

payable under or by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, and shall likewise appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and that they the said Trustees shall and may, from Time to Time, remove all such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, when and as often as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others in their Stead, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper; and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Tolls and other Monies to be collected and received under or by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, make such Allowance, by way of Salaries or otherwise, unto the Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers so to be appointed, for and in consideration of the Care and Pains by them respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper.

Trustees not to appoint the same Person to Two Offices.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner, of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act; or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Old Officers may continue until others are appointed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor, and other Officer and Officers (except the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees) nominated and appointed under and by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees; and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations,

1123

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lv.

lations, in all respects whatsoever, as if he or they had been nominated or appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Books containing the Accounts Books used and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and

made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases Evidence, of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said Three first recited Acts had not been repealed.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who have been employed or who shall have received any Tolls or other Money by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or who shall have in their Custody or Possession any Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to the said Roads, shall account, pay, and deliver over the same to the said Trustees, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are by the said last recited Act inflicted in respect to the several Persons receiving any Monies, or having the Possession of any Books, Writing, or other Things, by virtue of the said Act and this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers

Treasurers for the Time being, of the Monies arising by virtue of up

the said last recited Act and this Act, shall and they are hereby required counls

to settle his or their Account or Accounts with the said Trustees, or any annually. Three or more of them, on the last Friday in the Month of April in every Year during the Continuance of this Act, in such Manner as is directed in and by the said last recited Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and Power to for the said Trustees for putting the said last recited Act and this Act make new into Execution, or any Three or more of them, or for such Persons as Roads, they or any Three or more of them shall employ for that Purpose, and they

are hereby fully authorized and empowered to enter in and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons into or through which the said new Pieces of Road are intended to pass, to set out, form, make, and complete the same, from the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road, at or near the Turnpike Gate or Bar in South Lynn aforesaid, to the East End of the said Bridge called Marshland Free Bridge; and also from the West End of the said Bridge called Marshland Free Bridge to another Bridge or Tunnel, called The Rose and Crown Tunnel, in the said Parishes of Terrington Saint John*s and Tilney Saint Lawrence, and adjoining the said Bank called the Five Mile Bank; and also from the said Road at the West End of the said Bridge, called Marshland Free Bridge, to the common Sea Bank in the said Parish of Walpole Saint Andrew's, adjoining the Road or Way leading over the Wash called Cross Keys Washy and from the North-west End of the Ferry House, in West Lynn Saint Peter's aforesaid, to and through the said Parish of Clenchwarton, and also from the Boundary of Clenchwarton aforesaid to the End of the Weir Bank, or Boundary Bank, near Kenwick Farm, between the said Parishes of Clenchwarton and Tilney All Saints, and along the said Road from Clenchwarton aforesaid, to join the said Turnpike Road in Tilney Saint Lawrence aforesaid j and to cut and make such Drains, Gutters, and Tunnels

Officers under the former Acts to account to the Trustees for executing this Act.

1124

Act not to extend to Works made by Eau Brink Commissioners.

Plans, &c. deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace, to remain there for Inspec-

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lv.

nels in and upon the Lands adjoining and near such Roads, as shall be by them the said Trustees thought necessary or proper for draining the Water from such Roads, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the Powers to them hereby granted; and for this Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of, and Persons entitled to or interested in such Lands and Grounds, for the Purchase thereof, or of any Part thereof respectively, in such Manner, and under the same Powers and Provisions, as are given and granted in and by the said recited Act for ascertaining and settling the Value of any Lands, not being Common or Waste Land, to be taken or made use of for the Purposes thereof.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable the said Trustees to the Repair of any Bank, Bridge, or Dam, made or to be made by or under the Authority of the Commissioners appointed under or by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament for making a River or Cut from Eau Brink aforesaid to the Borough of Kings Lynn aforesaid.

XV. And whereas Maps or Plans describing the Lines of the new Pieces of Road leading from the present Turnpike Road, at or near the Turnpike Gate or Bar in South Lynn aforesaid, to the East End of the said Bridge called Marshland Free Bridge; and also from the West End of the said Bridge called Marshland Free Bridge to another Bridge or Tunnel called The Rose and Crown Tunnel, in the said Parishes of Terrington Saint John's and Tilney Saint Lawrence, and adjoining the said Bank called the Five Mile Batik j and also from the said Road at the West End of the said Bridge called Marshland Free Bridge, to the common Sea Bank in the said Parish of Walpole Saint Andrew's, adjoining the Road or Way leading over the Wash called Cross Keys Wash, and from the Northwest End of the Ferry House in West Lynn Saint Peter's aforesaid, to and through the said Parish of Clenchwarton, and also from the Boundary of Clenchwarton aforesaid to the End of the Weir Bank or Boundary Bank, near Kenwick Farm, between the said Parishes of Clenchwarton and Tilney All Saints, and along the said Road from Clenchwarton aforesaid, to join the said Turnpike Road in Tilney Saint Lawrence aforesaid, and the Lands through which the same are intended to be carried, together with Books of Reference, containing Lists of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk: Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Maps or Plans and Books of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk for the Time being, to the End that all Persons may, at seasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will or Pleasure, (paying the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being a reasonable Compensation for making such Copies or Extracts); and that the said Trustees, in making the said new Pieces of Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Lines described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent in Writing first had and obtained of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic,

Corporate,

1125

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lv.

Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Premises such Deviation shall be made.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Trustees may may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to make the said Roads nJ,ake Roads through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Per- Grounds son or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of the although the Lands over which the same are set out and described in the said Owners’ Maps or Plans as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Names are Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Book of t^Bookof Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Reference, Peace for the said County of Norfolk, and be certified by Writing if omitted under their Elands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from by Mistake. Mistake.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Powers Houses, &c. and Authorities hereby and by the said recited Act made in the Third P1 tobe Year of the Reign of His present Majesty given or granted, shall not ,n^ure extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Trustees, in making the said new Pieces of Road, to take or pull down,

injure or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XVIII. And whereas the Traffic on the said new Pieces of Road will be Power to greatly increased by Horsemen, Waggoners, Drovers, and others, in passing ro11 to and from the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, and Norfolk, into and from Lincolnshire, Yorkshire, and other Northern Counties; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to erect or cause to be erected Two Turnpike Gates on the said Roads; that is to say. One on the said Road

at or near Cross Keys Wash, in the Parish of Walpole Saint Andrew's aforesaid; and the other on the said Road in the said Parish of Clench-\warton, at or near a Place known by the Name of the Weir Bank, or Boundary Bank, between the said Parishes of Clenchwarton and Tilney All Saints; and shall and may also set up and erect a Toll House to each such Turnpike, with suitable Conveniences thereto; and may also inclose from the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Ground adjoining such Toll Houses, convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses respectively, as they the said Trustees may judge proper, not exceeding in the Whole One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre to or for each Toll House; and that all such Tolls as are by this Act authorized to be collected and paid at the several and respective Gates or Turnpikes which have been or shall hereafter be erected in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, by virtue of this Act, and also the Tolls granted by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall and may be demanded and taken thereat.

XIX. And whereas, by the said Change of Road since the said Eats Power to re*. Brink River or Cut was made, it will be expedient that the Toll Gate Ger-erected at or near German's Bridge aforesaid should be removed to such "ansBridg«

M 13 F Place *

1126

Trustee discharged from the Care of the Road from the old North Sea Bank to Lord’s Bridge.

Power to continue the present Gates or to erect others.

4" GEORGII IV. Caju.lv.

Place as the said Trustees may think proper and convenient; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at any Time hereafter, to remove, sell, or dispose of the Toll-Bar House, or cause to be removed, sold, or disposed of, the above-mentioned Toll-Bar House and Toll Gate near Germans Bridge aforesaid, and in lieu thereof to erect or cause to be erected one other Turnpike Gate on such Part of either of the said Roads already made or hereafter to be made between King's Lynn aforesaid and Wisbeach aforesaid, as they may think proper and convenient, and shall and may also set up and erect a Toll House to such Turnpike, with suitable Conveniences thereto, and may also inclose from the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Ground adjoining such Toll House, a convenient Garden Spot to the said Toll House, as they the said Trustees may judge proper, not exceeding in the whole One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre}; and that all such Tolls as are by this Act authorized to be collected and paid at the several and respective Gates and Turnpikes which have been or shall hereafter be erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, by virtue of this Act, and also the Tolls granted by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall and may be demanded and taken thereat.

XX. And whereas it will be proper that as soon as the Toll Gate is removed from near German's Bridge and Parish aforesaid, that the said Trustees should be discharged from the Care and Management of such Part of the Roads comprised in the said first recited Act hereby repealed, as leads from the old North Sea Bank, in the Parish of South Lynn aforesaid, to Thornton's Bridge in the Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's and Islington aforesaid, and also lying in the several Parishes of South Lynn All Saints, Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, and Wiggenhall Saint German's aforesaid; be it therefore further enacted, That from and immediately after the Removal of the said Toll Gate from German's Bridge and Parish aforesaid, the said Trustees shall be and are hereby discharged from the Care and Management of the Roads leading from the North Sea Bank aforesaid to Thornton's Bridge aforesaid; and also that from and immediately after such Removal of the said Toll Gate near German's Bridge aforesaid, no Toll shall be collected on the said Roads from North Sea Bank aforesaid to Thornton's Bridge aforesaid; and the said Trustees shall not have any Controul, Power, or Authority over the same Roads by virtue of the said recited Acts, any or either of them, or this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may continue the Five several Turnpike Gates which now stand across or on the said Roads, and also such Side Gate or Side Gates as are erected on the Sides thereof, or across any Lane or Way leading out of or near the same, or from Time to Time to remove the same, or any of them, and set up or erect in lieu thereof, and in addition thereto, one other Turnpike Gate on the said Roads between Wisbeach aforesaid, and Maudlin and German's Bridge aforesaid, as by the said first recited Act they the said Trustees are authorized and empowered to erect, if they should think proper; and also such other Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the Roads directed by this Act to be amended, widened, and repaired, or within a reasonable Distance of the Sides of such Roads, or across any Lane or Way leading

6 out

1127

4U GEORGII IV. Cap. lv.

out of or near the same, to prevent the Tolls being evaded, as they the said Trustees may deem expedient; and may also set up and erect a Toll House to each such Turnpike, with suitable Conveniences thereto; and may also inclose from the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Ground adjoining such Toll Houses, convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses respectively, as they the said Trustees may judge proper, not exceeding in the whole One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre to or for each Toll House7; and the said Trustees may cause all or any of such Turnpikes Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, and set up again, or altered, in such Place or Places, across or on the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall judge proper.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to sell Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses To^HousL erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, on the said Roads to

be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is by the said last-recited Act directed to be given, where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Tolls following Power to shall be demanded, taken, collected, and paid at the several and respective take To113, Gates or Turnpikes which have been or shall hereafter be erected in,

upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads; (that is to say),

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Coach, Stage Toll?. Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Barouche, Phaeton, Calash,

Curricle, Chair, Chaise, Caravan, Gig, Hearse, or Litter, or other Four or Two-wheeled Carriage of the like Kind, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Drug, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Kind, the Sum of Threepence:

For every Ass, drawing any Chaise, Gig, Tax Cart, or other Two or Four-wheeled Carriage, the Sum of Two-pence:

For

1128

Application of Tolls.

Tolls to be paid but once a Day.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lv.

For every Horse or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number; and,

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number. Which said Tolls, and also the Tolls granted by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees $ and the same and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, varied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the same Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said last recited Act, but subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Exemptions, and Regulations therein and in this Act contained.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Tolls and other Monies to be collected and levied under or by virtue of the said last-recited Act and this Act, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, the said Trustees shall, after Payment of the Charges and Expences incurred in, about, and relating to the obtaining and passing of this Act, defray the Expence and Charge of erecting and providing the Turnpikes, Toll Gates, and Toll Houses, and of repairing, widening, altering, turning, keeping in repair, and improving the said Roads, and of executing the other Purposes of the said last-recited Act and this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to the Payment of more than one full Toll for passing or repassing through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate on the same Day, (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night), with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages, through any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates continued or erected, or to be erected and set up and provided by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, across or on the Sides of such Part of the said Roads, or across any Lane or Way leading out of or near the same; but that all and every Person or Persons, after having paid a full Toll once, as aforesaid, for passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate across or on the Sides of such respective Parts of the said Roads as aforesaid, or across any Lane or Way leading out of or near such respective Parts of the said Roads, shall, during the Remainder of such Day, to be computed as aforesaid, pass Toll-free at the said Gate or Side Gates) as aforesaid, with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate where such Toll was paid, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting that the Toll hath been paid on that Day, which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll in manner aforesaid.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lv. 1129

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Limiting the contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to empower the said Trustees, or any of them, to cause more than Three full Tolls to be taten on demanded or taken for the Passage of any Horses, Beasts, or Carriages, each Branch through all the Toll Gates to be continued, erected, provided, or set of Road.

up by virtue of the said last recited Act or this Act in the whole Length or Branch of Road leading from Wisbeach aforesaid, through the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen aforesaid; nor more than Two full Tolls to be demanded or taken for the Passage of any Horses,

Beasts, or Carriages, through all the Toll Gates to be erected, provided, or set up by virtue of this Act in the whole Length or Branch of Road leading from The Rose and Crown Tunnel in Terrington Saint John’s and Tilney Saint Lawrence aforesaid, to the West End of Long Bridget in South Lynn aforesaid; nor more than One full Toll to be demanded or taken for the Passage of any Horses, Beasts, or Carriages, through all the Toll Gates to be erected, provided, or set up by virtue of this Act in the whole Length or Branch of Road leading from Lord’s Bridge aforesaid, to German’s Bridge aforesaid; nor more than Two full Tolls to be demanded or taken for the Passage of any Horses, Beasts, or Carriages, through all the Toll Gates to be erected, provided, or set up by virtue of the said last recited Act or this Act in the whole Length or Branch of Road leading from the West End of Marshland Free Bridge aforesaid, to the common Sea Bank in Walpole Saint Andrew’s aforesaid; nor more than Two full Tolls to be demanded or taken for any Horses, Beasts or Carriages, through all the Toll Gates to be erected, provided, or set up by virtue of this Act in the whole Length or Branch of Road leading from the said common Sea Bank to the Ferry House in West Lynn Saint Peters aforesaid; nor more than Two full Tolls to be demanded or taken for the Passage of any Horses,

Beasts, or Carriages, through all the Toll Gates to be erected, provided, or set up by virtue of the said last recited Act or this Act in the whole Length or Branch of Road leading from Cross Keys Wash to Islington aforesaid.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That for or in Stage respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach or any Coaches, Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage, carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall chaises*to have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the pay every same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be Time of paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like manner as if no Toll Pas,lnS-had been before paid; and that Toll shall be payable for and in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing Post Chaises and other Carriages travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along

the said Road on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Enablme ful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them present at any Trustees8to Meeting or Meetings to be held by them under the Provisions of the l,orro'v said last recited Act and this Act, to borrow of and from the Commis- J?°ne-V from sioners for carrying into Execution an Act made and passed in the sionerjT"

{Local.-] 13 G Third

1130

tte Issue of Eafchequet-Bills.

Mortgages granted to the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills to have Preference over other Mortgages.

Trustees may contract for the making or repairing the Roads.

No Toll Gate to be erected within Three Furlongs of Wisbeach Great Bridge.

Exemptions from Toll.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lv.

Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Ads of the Fifty-seventh Tear of His late Majesty and the First Tear of His present Majesty, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor, and to authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills for the Purposes of the said Acts, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Majority of the said Trustees present at such Meeting or Meetings may deem expedient for the Purposes of the said last recited Act and this Act, or either of them, upon Mortgage or Assignment of all Tolls arising and to arise on the several Roads herein mentioned or referred to, and the Toll Gates and Toll Houses erected or to be erected for collecting the same, with their Appurtenances, subject nevertheless to such of the Provisoes and Conditions particularly mentioned and expressed in the said last-mentioned Act, and the Acts therein recited and referred to, and in such Form as the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills shall direct and appoint.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Mortgage or Assignment which shall be given by the said Trustees to the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, shall have Priority over and shall precede all other Mortgages or Securities granted by the Trustees for the Execution of the said Three first recited Acts hereby repealed, or which shall hereafter be granted under the Authority of this Act, or any Act herein recited or referred to; any thing contained in the said last recited Act or this Act, or in any Mortgage or Security already granted, or which shall hereafter be granted as aforesaid, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, diverting, widening, repairing, or otherwise improving the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and that all Contracts or Agreements in Writing, entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, Surveyor, or other Officer, with any Workman or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the same, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to empower the said Trustees to erect any Toll Gate or Gates nearer to the Great Bridge, in Wisbeach Saint Peter’s, than the Distance of Three Furlongs.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Toll shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act for any Hemp or Flax, passing from the Grounds where it grew to the Place where it is proper and convenient for it to be rotted or watered,

7 and

1131

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lv.

and from thence to the Place where it is proper and convenient for it to be spread upon the Ground, and from thence to be laid up in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or from the Owners or Occupiers of any'Lands, or their Servants, going to or from their respective Lands, on the Business only of looking after such Lands, or the Stock upon the same, or for any Sheep going to or returning from any Wash, Dike, River, or other Place used for the washing of Sheep, in or near any Part of the said Roads, or for any Sheep going to or returning from any Place used for the clipping of Sheep near the said Roads; and if any Person shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the same, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the last recited Act and this Act.

XXXIII. And whereas by the said first recited Act of the Fifth Year of Trustees may His said late Majesty's Reign, hereby repealed, it is enacted, that from and cause the after the Road leading from Wisbeach aforesaid to Long Bridge aforesaid ^n<rton?o should be repaired and widened as therein mentioned, and the Sum of One cross Keys thousand Pounds should be subscribed for the repairing and widening the Wash to be Road leading from the Cross Keys Wash to Islington aforesaid, and the Sum raade. of Five hundred Pounds, Part thereof, should actually be laid out in repairing and widening the said Road, that then and from thenceforth it should and might be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to erect and provide such Turnpikes and Toll Houses upon the said Road as should be necessary, and cause to be taken such Tolls, and in such Manner, as was therein-before directed to be taken at the Turnpikes or Toll Houses to be erected upon the Road leading from Wisbeach to Long Bridge aforesaid; and the said Trustees were thereby vested with the same Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purposes, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Cross Keys Wash to Islington aforesaid, and to do or cause to be done and executed every Act relative thereto, as well as for repairing and widening the Road leading from Wisbeach to Long Bridge aforesaid, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; be it therefore further enacted, That whenever the said Sum of One thousand Pounds shall be subscribed for the repairing and widening the said Road leading from Cross Keys IVash to Islington aforesaid, and the said Trustees shall at any Meeting, to be held under and by virtue of this Act, think proper to order and direct the said Road to be made, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, and the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, Part of the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, shall actually be laid out in repairing and widening the same, that then and from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to erect and provide, or cause to be erected and provided, Two Turnpikes or Toll Gates upon the said Road leading from Cross Keys Wash to Islington aforesaid, and may also set up and erect a Toll House to each such Turnpike, with suitable Conveniences thereto, and may also inclose from the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Ground adjoining such Toll Houses, convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses respectively, as they the said Trustees may judge

proper,

1132

No Materials to be taken within Fifty Feet of any Sea Bank.

Materials for repairing Roads may be conveyed on Drains.

Power of Court of Sewers reserved.

Regulations as to Performance of Statute Work.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lv.

proper, not exceeding in the whole One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre to or for each Toll House; and the said Trustees may cause all or any such Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, from Time to Time, to be taken down, removed, and set up again, or altered, in such Place or Places, across or on the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall judge proper; and that all such Tolls as are by this Act authorized to be collected and paid at the several and respective Gates or Turnpikes which have been or shall hereafter be erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, by virtue of this Act, and also the Tolls granted by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall and may be demanded and taken thereat.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said last recited Act or this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to empower any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons employed by him or them, or by the said Trustees, or any of them, to cut, dig, take, or carry away any Flag, Soil, or Earth from any Salt Marsh, or in the Front next the River of any Sea Bank, or defensive Bank against the Tidal Waters, or within Fifty Feet of the Foot or Seat at the Back of any such Banks, or within Fifty Feet of the Foot or Seat of any Ward Bank; any thing in the said last recited Act or this Act, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them shall appoint, to make use of any Public or Parish Drains leading to or near the said Roads, or of any Ditch lying contiguous to the said Roads, for the Conveyance in Boats of any Materials to be used in widening and repairing the Roads directed to be amended, improved, and repaired under and by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, and to hale with Men and Horses on the Bank or Banks of such Drains and Ditches, and also to have free Passage over the aforesaid Bridges called Maudlin Bridge and German's Bridge, for all Horses, Carts, and Carriages bringing or going for any such Materials, without paying any Toll for the same.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to prejudice, lessen, or in any way defeat the Powers of the Court of Sewers over such Drains and Works as have been heretofore subject to the Laws of the said Court, other than and except the Powers herein-before given to the said Trustees for conveying of Materials for repairing the said Roads, and for enlarging any Bridges, Drains, or Arches in or across any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be repaired.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, Liberty, or Place in which such Roads are situate (as the Case may be), and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application

1133

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.U.

tion made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish* Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the Service of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish, Township* or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition of such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute W°rk- as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor and Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said 1 rustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or [Local.'] H—/ Treasurers

1134

Power to vacate Leases.

No Person to exercise Three Horses at once, having One on each Side

In case of Non-payment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods vested in such Trustees, or their Treasurer.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. Iv.

Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, if they shall think proper, to vacate, make null and void all Leases or Contracts entered into by any of the said Trustees, with all or any Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, Contractor or Contractors, for the Hire of all or any of the several Tolls payable to the said Trustees, at the several and respective Toll Gates now erected on the said Roads; any thing in such Leases and Agreements contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for such Trustees, if they shall think fit, forthwith to cause the said Tolls to be relet, from the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, on a Day and at a Place to be by them appointed for that Purpose, according to the Directions of the said last recited Act; and thereupon to proceed to relet the same, and to relet the same for the best Price they may then be enabled to obtain for the same.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall exercise Three Horses at the same Time upon any Part of the said Turnpike Roads, by riding One of them and leading the others, One on each Side of him, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials or Costs, or for any Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same within Fourteen Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods 6 and

1135

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lv.

and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain, after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expenses of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that the said Treasurer shall and may retain, out of any Monies which may come into his Hands in pursuance of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Saving the Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to invalidate, lessen, R'zhts of the or diminish, alter, or takeaway any of the Rights, Powers, Authorities, and Liabilities vested in the Commissioners for Drainage under the several sjoners for Eau Brink Acts of Parliament, one of which said Acts was made and Drainage, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle 35G.3. c. 77. and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining or near to the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining or near to the River Ouze in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea by the Harbour of King's Lynn in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouz e,from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish o/Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King’s Lynn; and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze; another of which said Acts was passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for extend- .36 G. 3. c. 33. ing the Term of the Tax on Lands, and Tolls on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, granted by an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled ‘ An Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle 4 and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level,

and the Low Lands adjoining or near to the said Levels, as also the Lands 4 adjoining or near to the River Ouze in the County of Norfolk, draining

* through the same to Sea by the Harbour of King's Lynn in the said County,

* and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouz e,from

* or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary,

4 in the said County, to the said Harbour of King’s Lynn; and for improving 4 and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouzeanother of which said Acts was passed in the Forty-fifth

Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for explaining 45 q. 3.C. 72. and amending an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Tear of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and certain Low Lands adjoining or near thereto, and to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk; and for improving the Navigation of the said River, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, to the Harbour of King’s Lynn; and for improving the

Navigation

1136 4" GEORGII IV. Cap. Iv,

Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze; another of which said Acts was passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign 56 G. 3. c. 38. of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for amending several Acts of Hit present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned, and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating therewith \ another of which said Acts was passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the 58G.3. c. 48. Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for increasing the Fund for carrying into Execution several Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned, and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating therewith; another of which said Acts was passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late 59G. 3. C. 79. Majesty, intituled An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned, and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating therewith; and the last of the said Acts was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled 2 G. 4. c. 64. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned, and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating therewith j but that all Rights, Powers, Authorities, and Liabilities, which are now vested in the said Commissioners, or every or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain and continue, and be in the said Eau Brink Commissioners for Drainage, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

For paying

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences the Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be this Act.8 Pa^ out any Money already raised under or by virtue of the said Three first recited Acts, or out of the first Money to arise by virtue of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Public Act.]

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commencement and Continuance of Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence ard take effect upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap.Wx.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgford Lane in the County of Nottingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering in the County of Northampton.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fcrty-fnst Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgford 41CL3.C. 117. Lane in the County of Nottingham to the Bowling Green at Kettering in the County of Northampton, and for repealing Two Acts passed for repairing the said Road: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An 3G.44c. 126. Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said first recited Act have made great Progress in repairing the Roads thereby directed to be repaired, for which Purpose they have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, widened, altered, improved, and kept in repair, unless the Term granted by the said first recited Act be continued; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authoriiy of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That [Local.'] 13 A do

1142

41G. 3. C. 11 further continued.

Money not due liable t Payment under this Act.

Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wi.

7* so much and such Parts of the said first recited Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, as are herein-after particularly mentioned, shall be and continue in full force and effect, and, together with the said second recited Act and this Act, shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended for and during the Term herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the additional Term

J hereby granted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable

to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing-on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, and of such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may hereafter be borrowed for the Repair of the said Road, and all Interest due and to grow due for the same respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace acting for the respective Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, and Northampton, together with William Ades, William Alsop, Anderson Clerk, James Amps, Charles Bowyer Adderley, Gilbert Affleck, William Affleck Clerk, John Allinson Clerk, Sir Thomas Hussey Apreece Baronet, Shugh-borough Ashby Apreece, George Ashby, Thomas Babington, Mathew Babington, Henry Defoe Baker Clerk, Robert Barfoot, John Barnett, Gilbert Beresford Clerk, John Berridge, William Bissell Clerk, Thomas Black, William Blake, William Blower, Richard Boy field, Thomas Brett, John Bright Clerk, Edward Bright, Henry Brown Clerk, John Suffield Brown, Henry Hinde Brown, Samuel Bryans, Thomas Buck, William Bullivant, John Bullivant, Thomas Bullock, Sir Francis Burdett Baronet, Thomas Beaumont Burnaby Clerk, Edwin Andrew Burnaby, John Dick Burnaby, Andrew Burnaby Clerk, William Beeiham Clerk, Thomas Beaumont Clerk, Robert Booth, Daniel Barker, William Briggs, Thomas Brett, Jonas Bettison, John Burnside Clerk, William Stanford Burnside, John Buttery, Thomas Barber, Samuel Bloomfield Clerk, John Brittle, Thomas Bryan, Samuel Barker, William Belgrade, Richard Brooke de Capel Brooke, Arthur Brooke de Capel Brooke, Thomas Barfoot, Francis Barnes Doctor in Divinity, Culver ley John Bewicke Clerk, Jeremiah Belgrade Clerk, Charles Belgrave Clerk, Robert Boon Clerk, William Baker Clerk, Thomas Kaye Bonney Clerk, Gregory Bateman Clerk, Charles Berkeley, Thomas Bryan, William Boon, John Bullock, John Bradford Clerk, Ephraim Busmell, William Bre-reton Clerk, William Beetham Clerk, John William Calvert Doctor of Medicine, Andrew Carpendale, John Carpendale, Edmund Cartwright Clerk, John Chapman, Thomas Clarke, William Clarke (of Oakham), John Cleathing Clerk, Collier Clerk, Christopher Compton, James

Copley, John Costall, Richard Cragg Clerk, Joseph Cragg Clerk, John Crabtree, Leonard Chapman Clerk, Richard Cole, John Musters Chaworth, Joseph Cooper, the Right Honourable Charles Viscount Cullen of the Kingdom of Ireland, the Honourable Cecil, the Honourable William

Cockayne, John Cook, Francis Cheselden, Nedham Cheselden, William Ralph Cartwright, Richard Carey Clerk, William Bunbury Clarke, Charles Crompton, Francis Darker, the Honourable Thomas Dawney Clerk, William Day, Robert Day, John Day, Sir Willoughby Wolston Dixie Baronet, Thomas Dixon, John Doncaster Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Dufty, Richard Dixon, John Dixon, Richard Day, Thomas Dixon, Thomas Dodson, John Giles Dymock Clerk, Francis Darker, William Dickins, Dashwood Clerk, Richard Etough Doctor in Divinity, John Exton, Thomas Exton, William Elliott

4 Elliott,

1143

4° GEORGII IV. CapM■

Elliott, John Elliott, Robert Edmunds, William Fabling, George David Faithfull Clerk, Faithful Clerk, Heneage Finch Clerk, John Floar,

Thomas Floar, Thomas Forrester, Thomas Fowler, Thomas Freer Doctor of Medicine, Andrew Gideon Fisher, Alexander Foxcrcft, Alexander Harrington Foxcroft, John Foxcroft, Daniel Freeth, Samuel Freeth, John Freeth, Joseph Franklin, George Fludyer, William Forster Clerk, Thomas Forster Clerk, Richard Farrer Clerk, William Gilson, John Gibson, John Cole Gilson, William Gibson, Peter Godfrey, Thomas Godfrey Clerk, Godfrey, Andrew Guy, John Gill, John Gardener, Jonathan Gibbons, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp Baronet, John Hack, Thomas Hack, Dymock Hardy, Henry Hall, William Hall, Henry Harrison, George Harry William Hartopp, Edward Hartopp, Samuel Hartopp Clerk, Evans Hartopp Clerk, Peter Healey, Richard Healey, George Henion, Wright Heaton, John Hey cock, Richard Hill, William Hill, John Hurman Clerk, John Hopkinson Clerk, Seth Hose, John Hutton Clerk, George Hopkinson, George Hopkinson the younger, Alexander Hadden, John Hadden, William Hopkinson, Gabriel Hebb, Thomas Hoe Clerk, James Hooley, Joseph Heath, Thomas Hall, Thomas Hind, Ralph Hodgkin, John Heycock, George William Finch Hatton, Sir Gilbert Heathcote Baronet, Robert Heathcote, John Heathcote, Thomas Hodgkin, John Hunt, Thomas Hunt, Robert Hotchkin, John Hinman Clerk, Richard Inett, William Inett, William Jackson, John Ellington Jones, Robert Judd the elder, William Jamson, Joseph Innes, Edward Jones Clerk, Francis Jones Clerk, Abraham Jobson Clerk, Gibson Jalland, Thomas Keal, John Keal, William Tomlin Keal, George Anthony Legh Keck, Robert King, Joseph Kirkby, Jonas Kewney, Godfrey Kemp, Thomas Knight Clerk, the Honourable Williatn Latnbe, the Honourable Frederick James Lambe, the Honourable George Lambe, Charles Latham, John Leadbeter, Thomas Lead-beter, William Leadbeter, the Honourable William Lowther commonly called Lord Viscount Lowther, the Honourable Henry Cecil Lowther, William Lowe, Richard Lucas Clerk, Richard Lucas the younger,

Lideard Clerk, the Right Honourable Charles Manners commonly called Lord Charles Manners, the Right Honourable Robert Manners commonly called Lord Robert Manners, the Honourable Sir William Manners Baronet commonly called Lord Huntingtower, William Man, Fauston Manners, Edward Manners, Roger Manners, Otho Manners, William Marriott, George Marriott, John Marshall, John Missing, William Miller, John Moore, John Morris Clerk, Campbell Morris, Charles Morris, Frederick Mortlock, John Mould, Thomas Mould, Thomas Moore, William Melville, William Mars don Doctor of Medicine, Thomas Malt by, John Mills, the Honourable John Monkton, the Honourable Fitzwilliam commonly called Lord Milton, Sir Morgan Baroner, Thomas Cecil Maunsell,

Thomas Morris, John Morris, Charles Morris, William Lockwood Mayd-well Clerk, Peter Nicol, William Neale, Nicholas Needham, William Henry Neville Clerk, Charles Nixon Clerk, James Nixon, Noble Clerk,

Richard Norman, Thomas Norris Clerk, Robert Nicol, Sir Gerard Noel Noel JJaronet, Noel, Noel Noel, Noel Noel, Cosmos Neville,

Stafford O'Brien, Henry O'Brien, Richard Orlebar, Richard Orlebar the younger, George Osborn Clerk, Sir John Palmer Baronet, Sir Lawrence Palk Baronet, Sir Charles Palmer Baronet, Thomas Paget, Rawson Parke, James Parke, Samuel Parke, Edward Tufton Phclp, Cecil Phelp, the Honourable William John Frederick Paulet, George Pochin Clerk, Robert Padley, Samuel Parsons, John Palmer, Henry Palmer, John Page, William Pochin Clerk, William Pochin the younger, Conyers Peach, Sir George Robinson Baronet, John Reeve, Reeve Clerk, William Robinson, Barry

Rusbland, Frederick Robinson, Martin Roe, George William Ricbardsony

James

1144

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wi.

James Robinson, George Robinson, Thomas Roberts Clerk, Thomas Jekyll Rawson, Charles Robinson Clerk, William Villiers Robinson, Charles Roberts, Sir Lumley Saint George Skeffington Baronet, Richard Sharpe, William Sharrad, William Shepherd, William Shuttlewood, John Finch Simpson, John Simpson of Melton, John Simpson of Brentingby, Thomas Simpson, Ascough Smith, John Snow, William Spencer, Francis Stanhope, Thomas Stowe, Sykes, Octavius Sterland, William Sanday, George

Stretton, Christopher Swann, John Swann, Kenaz Smith, William Sherbrooke, Samuel Smith, Thomas Slater, Samuel Stokes, John Stokes, the Honourable and Reverend Richard Bruce Stopford, Robert Stanley, Mathias Sly Clerk, John Sly Clerk, William Shield, Henry Shield Clerk, Thomas Stokes, William Sandy, John Smith Doctor of Medicine, Robert Stafford, Edward Smith Clerk, Henry Smith Clerk, Robie Sherwin Clerk, Christopher Swan, Robert Shield, Charles Swan Clerk, Isaac Taylor, James Tiptaft, James Torkington, Leonard Elyc Town Clerk, Samuel Tupman, William Tupman, Baptist Noel Turner Clerk, John Turner, Isaac Taylor, William Taylor, Thomas Tollinton, the Right Honourable the Marquis of Titchfald, Charles Tibbits, Thomas Tryon, Thomas Tryon the younger, George Tryon, Tiptaft, Robert Tomlin, Cotton Tompson,

Richard Vevers Clerk, Sir William Earle Welby Baronet, Dan:.I Wagstaff Clerk, David Wall, William Webster, Chamberlin Webster, Clynne Earle Welby, Thomas Earle Welby, Montague Earle Welby, Charles Cope Earle Welby, John Earle Welby, John Whitchurch, Reuben Whitchurch, George Williamson, Henry Wilson, Vincent Wing, John Muxloe Wingfield Clerk, James Wingfield Clerk, William Woodall Clerk, Thomas A.icock Woods, John Wilson Clerk, Thomas Wilkinson Clerk, Samuel Wright, Charles Wylde Doctor in Divinity, John Sutton Webster, John Wright, Ichabod Wright, Joseph Wood, Thomas Witchcote, Benjamin Ward, John Godfrey Ward, the Honourable Henry Watson, the Honourable George Watson, Robert Wilson, Robert Walker, Thomas Woods, John Wingfield, Thomas Wingfield Clerk, Bentley Warren, John Waller Clerk, William Gregory Williams, Richard Williams Clerk, Richard Williams the younger, Christopher Wilson, Joseph Wood, Allen Edward Toung, John Toung Clerk, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for putting the said recited Act and this Act in Execution.

Time and Place of Trustees annual Meet ing for the whole Road

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Trustees hereby appointed, or any Seven or more of them, shall meet together at the Crown Inn in Oakham aforesaid, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Three in the Afternoon, or such other convenient House there as shall be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for that Purpose, of which Appointment Fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given upon all the Toll Gates upon the said Road, and adjourn themselves from Time to Time (provided always that Two such Trustees shall be sufficient for such Adjournment), yearly and every Year during the Continuance of this Act, on the First Thursday in July, for the Election of new Trustees to fill up such Vacancies as may have happened by Death or Refusal to act, and for the determining upon the expediency of raising more Money upon the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, and for entering and registering all Securities and Assignments thereof granted by virtue of this Act or the said former Acts, or either of them, and for passing and settling the Accounts of all Receivers, Collectors, Toll Bar Keepers, and other Officers belonging or relating to the said Road, and for the transacting of such other Business as relates to the 1 ■* whole

1145

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. Ivi.

whole of the said Road; and if there shall not appear at any such yearly Meeting so appointed a sufficient Number of Trustees to act at such yearly Meeting, or to adjourn to another Day, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, or either of them, shall and may, by public Notice in Writing, to be fixed on all the Toll Gates at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint another Meeting of the said Trustees, to be held at the House where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, and the said Trustees at their said Meeting shall defray their own Expences.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall make no No Order*

Order in pursuance of the said first recited Act, which shall relate only to relating to that Part of the Road leading from the North End of Bridgford Lane to 6

the Watercourse which divides the Counties of Nottingham and Leicester, Jobe madfin or only to that Part of the Road which lies between the said Watercourse the General and the Crown Inn in Oakham aforesaid, or that shall relate only to that Meetings. Part of the Road leading from the said Crown Inn in Oakham aforesaid

to the Bowling Green at Kettering aforesaid, at such yearly Meetings of the said 1 rustees or any Adjournments thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three Meetings of or more of them, shall meet at the Mermaid Inn, in the Town of Plum- the Trustees tree in the said County of Nottingham, on the Second Monday after the for tJle re' Fourth Day of July next after the passing of this Act, between the ^ctI-ve Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Three in the Afternoon, or as soon ,stnct5‘ after as conveniently may be, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act, as far as the same relates to that Part of the said

Road that lies between the North End of Bridgford Lane and the Watercourse which divides the Counties of Nottingham and Leicester, being the North Part of the Northern Division of the said Road, and adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and afterwards meet there, or at any other Place in the County of Nottingham on or near the said North Part of [Local.13 L the

Clerk and Treasurer not to be the same Person.

1146

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. lvi.

the said Northern Division of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think proper and appoint, or in the Town of Nottingham, as often as it shall happen to be necessary for putting this Act into Execution; and that the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall meet at the White Swan Inn, in Melton Mowbray in the said County of Leicester, on the Second Monday after the Fourth Day of July next after passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten o'clock in the Forenoon and Three o'Clock in the Afternoon, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then and there proceed in the Execution of this Act, as far as the same relates to that Part of the said Road that lies between the said Watercourse which divides the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham, and the said Crown Inn in Oakham aforesaid, being the South Part of the Northern Division of the said Road, and adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and afterwards meet there, or at any other Place near the said South Part of the said Northern Division of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think proper and appoint, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution; and that the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall meet at the Falcon Inn, in Uppingham in the County of Rutland, on the Second Monday after thie said Fourth Day of July next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Three in the Afternoon, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then and there proceed in the Execution of this Act, as far as the same relates to that Part of the said Road that lies between the Crown Inn in the Town of Oakham aforesaid, and the Bowling Green in Kettering aforesaid, being the Southern Division of the said Road, and adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and afterwards meet there, or at any other Place near the said Southern Division of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think proper and appoint, as often as it shall be necessary for putting the said Act in Execution.

iou v*aies

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five to be erected, or more of them, shall and may either continue the Six principal Turnpikes or Toll Gates and Toll Houses now standing in, upon, or across the said Road at the several Places herein-after mentioned; ("that is to say), one of them in the Town of Vlumtree aforesaid, another of them at a certain Place in the Town of Melton Mowbray in the said County of Leicester called Spittle End, another of them near and on the South Side of the Way Post which stands about One Furlong from the Town of Langham aforesaid on the North Side thereof, another of them at the South End of Ayston Lane, which lies about Three Furlongs on the North Side of the Town of Uppingham aforesaid, another of them at the South End of Rockingham Bridge, and the other at the South End of Glen Lane, which lies about a Mile and a Half on the North Side of Kettering aforesaid, or remove the same or any of them; and also shall and may continue or remove all or any of the other Toll Gates erected or set up by virtue of the said former Acts, and may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, any other Toll Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Road by this Act directed to be repaired, and upon the Sides thereof, and also in, upon, or near unto, or across any Street, Lane, Common, or Way leading into or out of the same, and may also continue, erect, or provide a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniences at or near each Toll Gate, and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, 5 or

4" GEORGII IV. CapM. l\47

or discontinue the Toll Gates or Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them> shall think expedient, and also may take in and enclose from the said Road, or any Part thereof, convenient Garden Spots for each of the said Toll Houses, not exceeding One-eighth Part of an Acre, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct or appoint; and that the respective Tolls following shall be demanded at each and every such Toll Gates of the Person or Persons attending any Cattle or Carriages, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time authorize or appoint for that Purpose, before any such Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same on any Day of the Week; (that is to say),

For every Chaise, Gig, Whiskey, or other Carriage of the like Kind, Toll*, drawn only by One Horse, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Chair,

Gig, Whiskey, or other Carriage of the like Kind (if drawn by more than One), or drawing any Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot,

Vis-a-Vis, German Waggon, Phaeton, Chaise, Calash, Chaise Marine,

Curricle, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Drug, Cart, or other Carriage (except such Chair, Gig, Whiskey, or other Carriage of the like Kind, drawn only by One Horse), the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Four-wheeled Carriage fixed in any Manner to any Waggon,

Wain, Drug, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

And for every Two-wheeled Carriage so fixed, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Drug so constructed as that the Distance between the Axle-trees thereof shall be more than Nine Feet, and laden otherwise than with a single Piece or Block of Timber or Stone, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence over and above the Duty or Toll payable for the Horses drawing the same:

And for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three Halfpence:

And for every Drove of Oxen, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in proportion for every less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in proportion for every less Number.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to *ell Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses the present erected by virtue of the said recited Act on the said Road, to be improved Toll Houses, and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple j and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by

1148

Stage Coaches, Caravans, and Post Chaises to pay every Time of passing.

Tolls may be varied with Consent of Creditors.

Number of

Tolls to be taken in each District.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lvi.

him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid; and the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise and other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, whereof at least Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in Writing, affixed on all the Toll Gates erected on the said Road, and published in the County Newspaper, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time (in case it shall appear requisite or expedient) to lessen and reduce, and again to raise and advance the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, so that the respective Tolls so varied never exceed the Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, nor are ever lessened until the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, together with the Interest, be repaid, except the Person or Persons entitled to Five-sixth Parts or more of such Money consent thereto, and such Tolls or Duties so varied, and every of them, shall be collected, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as the Tolls and Duties thereby authorized to be taken are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

XII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to empower the said Trustees, or any of them, to cause more than One full Toll to be demanded or taken for the Passage of the same Cattle, Carriages, or Beasts through all the Toll Gates erected or to be erected between the North End of Bridgford Lane and the Watercourse which divides the Counties of Nottingham and Leicester on the same Day; nor more than Two full Tolls for the Passage of the same Cattle, Carriages, or Beasts through all the Toll Gates erected or to be erected between the said Watercourse and the said Crown Inn in Oakham aforesaid on the same Day; nor more than Three full Tolls for the Passage of the same Cattle, Carriages, or Beasts through all the Toll Gates erected or to be erected between the Crown Inn in Oakham aforesaid, and the Bowling Green in Kettering aforesaid, the Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock the next Night i nor to erect or cause to be erected any Toll Gate across

or

1149

4° GEORGII IV. CapAvi.

or at the End of any Road now being a Turnpike Road leading into or across the said Road hereby directed to be repaired.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That out of any Monies already received by virtue of the said Act, or out of the Monies which shall be raised or received by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall, in the Proportions herein-after mentioned, pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences relative to procuring and passing this Act, and the Remainder of such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in putting this Act in Execution, and in repaying the principal Money by this Act charged or to be borrowed, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall arise from the Tolls collected on the said Road, and be applied in the repairing and widening and improving thereof, shall be laid out and applied in manner following; (to wit), Two-third Parts thereof (the whole into Three equal Parts to be divided) shall be expended and applied in amending, repairing, and improving that Part of the said Road which lies between the North End of Bridgford Lane aforesaid, and the said Crown Inn in Oakham aforesaid, being the Northern Division of the said Road, in the Manner and Proportions following; (viz.) Eleven Parts out of Twenty-eight Parts of the said Two-third Parts of the whole of the said Tolls shall be expended and applied in amending and repairing that Part of the said Northern Division of the said Road which lies between the said North End of Bridgford Lane and the Watercourse which divides the Counties of Nottingham and Leicester, being the Northern District of the Northern Division of the said Road; and the remaining Seventeen Parts of the said Two-third Parts of the whole of the said Tolls shall be expended and applied in repairing that Part of the said Northern Division of the said Road which lies between the said Watercourse and the said Crown Inn in Oakham aforesaid, being the Southern District of the Northern Division of the said Road; and the other Third Part of the whole of the said Tolls shall be expended, applied, and laid out in amending and repairing that Part of the said Road which lies between the said Crown Inn in Oakham aforesaid, and the said Bowling Green in Kettering aforesaid, being the Southern Division of the said Road; but in case either or any of the said Parts or Divisions of the said Road shall at any Time hereafter be well and effectually repaired, it shall be lawful for the Trustees, or any Three or more of them acting upon such Division, to order any Surplus Monies to be paid to the Treasurer of the other Division for the Purposes of repairing such other Divisions.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees at their General annual Meetings to be held as aforesaid shall order and direct the Balances that shall appear upon the Statements of the Receipts in their respective Districts, to be in the Hands of any or either of the respective Treasurer or Treasurers, to be paid over to the other Treasurer or Treasurers, so as to give to each District of the said Road its due Proportion of the Tolls that shall have been received in the Course of the preceding Year, according to the Proportions herein-before directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall exercise Three Horses at the same Time upon any Part of the said Turnpike Road,

[Local.'] 13 M by

Application of Money.

Apportioning Toll*.

Balance* in the Hands of the Treasurer of each District to be paid over to the Treasurer of the other District.

Three Horses at the same Time not to be exercised on the Road.

1150

Regulations as to the Performance of Statute Work.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap-lvi.

by riding one of them and leading the others one on each Side of him, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether withTeams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways, and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses* Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and! liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to io work

1151

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wu

work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as in case of often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be Nonpayment paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Direc- of Contentions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His Materials, present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfac- Damages,&c. tion for any Materials or Costs, or for any Damages, Spoil, or Injury, the same to of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trus- pjt7g9e9d0fy tees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and tj,e Goods of such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to such Trus-the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same within Five Days after tee9 or their Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such irea8Urer* Justice or Justices from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace j which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid $ and in case any Overplus shall remain, after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the said Treasurer shall and may retain, out of any Monies which may come into his Hands in pursuance

• • of

1152 4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wi.

of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall not be a sufficient Sum of Money in the Hands of the Treasurer of either of the above-mentioned Divisions of the said Road, arising from the Tolls collected upon the said Road, to pay the Proportion herein-before directed to be borne by such Division of the Expences of the obtaining and passing this Act, the Deficiency shall be advanced and paid by the Treasurer of the other Division out of the Monies in his Hands arising from the Tolls collected upon the said Road; and that the Money so to be advanced for the Purpose aforesaid shall be allowed in account, or otherwise repaid to such Treasurer as shall advance the same, by the Treasurers of other Districts of the said Road, in the Proportions in which they shall be respectively entitled, out of the first Monies they shall respectively receive from the Tolls applicable to the repair of their respective Districts, so that such Demand shall not extend to more than Half the Tolls that shall then have been collected on such Divisions.

For paying

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, the Act. shall, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever, be paid and discharged by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, in the Proportions herein-before mentioned, out of the first Money which has arisen or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act.

[Public Act.]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Term and

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Continuance take effect from the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force, of this Act. ancj be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Treasurer of either District having Money in his Hands to pay it over to the other.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1828.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

ft

Cap. lvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the City of Canterbury to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham in the County of Kent; and for lighting, watering, and watching Part of the said Road, leading into the said City of Canterbury.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing an Act made in the Thirty-first Tear 43G.3. c. 17. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled ‘ An Act for making a new 4 Road from Saint George’s Gate in the City of Canterbury to a Place ‘ called Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present 1 Turnpike Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish ‘ of Barham in the County of Kent,’ and for making further and better Provision for the several Purposes of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Act have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and divers Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are still due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Road, which cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually maintained and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be altered and enlarged; and it would be [Local.] 13 N convenient

1154

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wn.

convenient if such Act were repealed, and the Powers and Provisions thereof were altered and enlarged: And whereas it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants, as well also to the Public, if Powers were granted to the Trustees herein appointed to light, water, and watch certain Part or Parts of the Line of Road herein-before mentioned : And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign 3 6.4. c. 126. of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Recited Act assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately repealed, and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act passed in the Forty-3*G 4°to be tkird Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, put in force. s^la^ be an^ same is hereby repealed, and instead thereof this Act and the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall be put into Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually repairing the said Road, and for lighting, watering, and watching Part thereof, leading into the said City of Canterbury.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed, and are now due and owing on the Credit of the lolls authorized to be taken by the said Act on the said Road, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed, or become due and owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls granted by this Act; and all and every Person and Persons who may owe or be subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees of the said Road, or to any other Person or Persons for the Benefit of the said Trust, shall be liable to the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants and Agreements, Contracts and Securities, entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees of the said Road or any of them, according to the Provisions and Directions of the said recited Act, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed on account and for the Benefit of the Trust created by this Act; and all Contracts or Agreements duly made or entered into by the Trustees of the said Road to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the

r Trustees

Powers of 3 G. 4. extended to this Act.

New Term and Tolls

Debts, &c.

1155

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lvii.

Trustees for executing this Act, according to the Terms or Stipulations thereof respectively, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said recited Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees. Peace acting for the County of Kent, the Honourable George Watson, the Honourable George Watson Mills, the Honourable and Reverend William

Eden, Charles Baron de Montesquieu, Sir Edward Henry Joseph Hales,

Sir John Fagg, Sir Henry Oxenden, Baronets, Sir John William Head Brydges Knight, John Abbott, William Abbot, James Drake Brockman,

Brook Edward Bridges Clerk, Robert Tournay Bar grave, John Boys,

James Sladden Brown, William Fuller Boteler, John Buckley, Richard Price, Harry William Carter M. D., George Carter, Mawer Cowtan,

John Callaway, Henry Cooper, Henry Collard, John Cooper, Richard Blackett De Chair Clerk, Watson William Dickins Clerk, John Dilnott,

Charles Delmar, Thomas De Lasaux, William Delmar, Thomas Foord,

Robert Foote, John Farley Frances, James Finch, Richard Frend, John Furley, George Frend, Thomas Garrett, John Garrett, Robert Gardner,

Austin Gardner, John Gillman, William Homers bam, Richard Halford the elder, Richard Halford the younger, James Hammond, John Hartley,

Thomas Harrison Clerk, William Johnson, William Jones, George Keen,

William Keen, Edward Kingsford, Thomas Kingsley, Frederick William Mulcaster, Richard Mount, George Moss, John Nutt, George Chichester Oxenden, John Plumptre, John Pemberton Plumptre, Richard Peckham, John Peirce, Charles Pout, Deane John Parker, John James Peirce, Thomas Pain,

John Parnell, John Partridge, Robert Rushbrooke, Joseph Royle, William Rigden, Nicholas Simons Clerk, James Minet Sayer Clerk, John Hollingbery Stringer, John Sankey, Thomas Starr, Osborn Snoulten, Osborn Snoulten the younger, William Tournay Clerk, Edward Tiddeman, James White, William White, Richard Wilde, James Warren, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing and maintaining the said Road, and for carrying into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to ap-Trustees, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (of which Meeting

and of the Purpose thereof Fourteen Days Notice shall be given as is tees, directed by the said last recited Act respecting the Appointment of Trustees on Vacancies), to elect, nominate, and appoint any Number of fit Persons, not exceeding Five, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in Addition to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed; and such Trustees so elected and appointed shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said last recited Act and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed by this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Trustees to be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, be 8worn* unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed and prescribed, and unless, being so qualified, he shall, before

he

1156

Oath.

Meeting of Trustees.

Appointing Officers, Salaries, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lvii.

he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe, before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath following; that

is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will truly and impartially, according to the A best of my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers,

( Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act ‘ passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George e the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Tide of this Act], and also 6 an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty,

6 intituled [here set forth the Title of the General Turnpike Act.]

'So help me GOD.*

And if any Person shall act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Star Inn, in the City of Canterbury, or some other convenient Place within the said City, on the Third Monday after the passing of this Act, and proceed to put the said last recited Act and this Act into Execution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered by Writing under their Hands to appoint such Collector or Collectors of the Tolls and Rates arising on the said Road, and Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as the said Trustees shall think necessary, and such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove, and on Removal, Death, or Resignation of any such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, or other Officers, to appoint others in their Stead; and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any of the Monies arising by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, to allow and pay to the several Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting them or any of them in or about the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Services, as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable.

X. Pro.

4° GEORGII IV. CapAm. 1157

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Clerks, Sur- Former veyor, and Treasurers appointed under the Provisions of the said recited Oncers to Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all continue-other Officers who have been appointed under and employed in the Execution of the said former Act hereby repealed, shall respectively continue to exercise their Offices under this Act until they shall respectively die, resign, or be displaced, or be removed by the said Trustees, or be incapable of executing them, and shall be subject to the like Rules and Regulations, and Pains and Penalties, in all respects whatsoever, as if they had been appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Treasurer be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or and clerk Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or Person, the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ

of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or have been Books, ftc. employed, or who have received any Tolls or other Money on account relating to of the said Road, or who have or shall have in their Custody or Posses- forJ"er Act sion any Money, Books, Accounts^ Papers, Writings, or other Things ^ihfc relating to the Road by this Act directed to be improved and repaired. Trustee* unshall account for and pay and deliver over the same and every Part der this Act. thereof to the Trustees in and by this Act named and appointed, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as the several Collectors and other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of this Act, are by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act required to pay or account for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books, Books used containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing under former the said recited Act, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or pCV° be entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given hn enCe' in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and [Local."] 13 Q Actions

1158

4 GEORGII IV. Cap. lvii.

Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Act had not been repealed.

Power to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they continue and are hereby authorized to continue the Toll Gates or Toll Bars, or Gates, Toll ^ide Gates or Side Bars, Weighing Machine and Toll House, which Houses, &c. have t>een erected in, upon, or across the said Road by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed, and shall and may erect or cause to be erected such and so many other Toll Gates or Toll Bars, or Side Gates or Side Bars, and Toll Houses, Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, in, upon, or across any Part of the said Road, and also such and so many ToH Gate or Toll Gates on the Sides of the said Road, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and expedient.

Power to sell

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Toll Houses. Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed on the said Road, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

Power to

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

take Tolls. Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by virtue of this Act

Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take the several

Tolls following at the Toll Gate or Toll Bar, or Side Gate or Side

Bar already erected by virtue of the said Act upon the said Road to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and which by virtue of this Act shall be continued or erected on, upon, or across any Part of the said Road, and across or on the Side of any Street, Lane, Road, or Way leading into or out of any Part of the said Road, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say),

Tolls For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Carriage of whatever

Name or Description, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Ass drawing any Carriage of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

7 For

1159

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wu.

For every Horse or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number than a Score : And,

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number than a Score.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That Double the Amount of Toll °"b'e To,‘ hereby authorized to be taken may be demanded and taken at the re- gune,] spective Gates on each Sunday, until the Eleventh of October One thou- until after the sand eight hundred and twenty-three, after which Day it shall not be Itth Day of lawful to demand or take any greater Toll on a Sunday than the Toll

hereby authorized to be taken on any other Day.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Tolls shall Tolls to be (subject to the Restrictions in the said last recited Act and this Act con- battle Ste* tained) be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, Steer, pasJ ,j,e Gale, Bull, or other Beast, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatso- Gates, ever, be permitted to pass through any Toll Gate erected or to be erected

or continued upon the said Road by virtue of this Act, or in, upon, or across any Lane, Street, or Way leading into the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Tolls by the Tolls to be said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty Z,e5led m and this Act authorized to be taken, shall be vested in the said Trustees,

and the same and every Part thereof shall be levied, collected, paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned in manner directed by the said last mentioned Act and this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, having paid the Toll or Duty hereby directed to be paid at any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes through which such Person or Persons shall pass, and producing a Note or Ticket that such Toll was paid, shall be liable to pay the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night, any Toll or Duty at any other Gate or Turnpike on the said Road, such Person or Persons passing with the same Carriage, Cattle, or Goods that he passed the former Turnpike; and no Person or Persons having occasion to pass through any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes where the said Toll shall be taken, and who shall return through the same Toll Gate or Turnpike the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night with the same Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Cattle, and shall produce a Note or Ticket of the Payment of the Toll, shall be liable or compelled to pay the Toll on such Return at such Toll Gate or Turnpike.

Tolls lo be paid but Once a Day.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be Limiting th« liable to the Payment of more than One full Toll for passing or repassing Number of

with To,ls-

1160 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lvii.

with the same Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage on the same Day the whole Length of the said Road.

XXI. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That for and in respect of all Horses drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat; and that the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of such passing and repassing along the said Road on the same Day with aTicket denoting a fresh Hiring.

Trustees re-

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and strained from Authorities hereby or by the said last recited Act given, shall not in pulling down any case construed to extend to empower or authorize the said

Houses8 Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building,

without Con. or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, sent of the planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted

Owners. and set apart as a Nursery forTrees, or any Part thereof respectively, with-

out the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

Application

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which before of the Money, the Day of the Commencement of this Act shall have been raised and produced by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed for or in respect of the said Road, and by this Act directed to be kept in Repair, and which shall be remaining undisposed of on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, and also all the Monies which shall arise and be produced by and from the Tolls by the said last recited Act and this Act granted and made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue thereof, and not otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; (that is to say), in the first Place in the Payment of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall have been incurred in applying for, preparing, obtaining, and passing this Act, and otherwise relative thereto respectively, and in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Toll Gates, Toll Bars, Side Gates, Side Bars, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and keeping the same in Repair, and of altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving the said Road by this Act directed to be kept in Repair as aforesaid, and of erecting and making necessary and convenient Bridges upon the same, and otherwise executing the other Purposes of this Act, and in reducing, paying off, and discharging the several Principal Sums of Money and Interest which shall have been borrowed and secured in pursuance of and for the Purposes of the said Act hereby repealed, in respect of the said Road, and the several Principal Sums of Money which may be hereafter borrowed and secured by virtue of this Act.

Stage

Coaches, &c. to pay each Time of passing.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wn.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall at any Time or Times be desirous of paying off any Portion of the Principal Monies due and owing upon the Credit of the said Road, it shall and may be lawful for them, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid. Notice of such intended Meeting and of the Purposes thereof being first given at least Fourteen Days preceding the same, by Advertisement in some Newspaper printed in or usually circulated within the said City of Canterbury, if they shall think fit, instead of paying the same rate-ably amongst all the Creditors, to determine by Lot to which of such Creditors the whole or any Portion thereof shall be so paid, and to pay the same to such Creditor or Creditors only, or to any of the Creditors with the Consent of all the other Creditors; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally subject to or liable to be charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or other Security made by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act: Provided always, that in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be defrayed out of the Toll arising on the said Road.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Fourteen Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Jusdce or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid j and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such

[Local] 13 P Case

1161

For paying Creditors by Lot.

Trustees not personally liable for Mortgages.

In case of Nonpayment of Contpen-

Materials,

Injury done by the said Trustees,

&c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

1162

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wn.

Case such Overplus shall be returned to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Treasurer or Treasurers shall and may retain, out of any Monies which may come into his or their Hands in pursuance of this Act or the said last recited Act, all such Sum or Sums of Money, Costs, and Expences, as he' or they shall pay, bear, or be put unto by reason of such Order to be made by such Justice or Justices as aforesaid.

Regulations

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are as to Per- or shan be ljabie to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable to-StatiTte* of warc's repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof. Labour. shall still remain liable thereunto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or City of Canterbury, within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road lies; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and are liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct j and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after

Notice

11 ()3

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wn.

Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses,

Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if such Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent or City of Canterbury, in their respective Jurisdictions, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXVIII. And whereas it is expedient that a Rate should be laid upon Trustees to the Occupiers of Houses and other Buildings, Courts, Yards, and Gar- appoint As-dens, situate, adjoining, or near to such Part or Parts of the said Road or

as shall be, or is or are intended to be so lighted, watered, and watched. Rates on towards defraying the Expences thereof; be it therefore enacted, That it Houses, &c. shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at any of their Meetings, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands to 'vaTerf> ’,u' nominate and appoint Two or more substantial Inhabitants or Householders of the Houses adjoining or near, or which may be hereafter erected and built adjoining or near to such Part or Parts of the said Road as shall be, or is or are intended to be so lighted, watered, and watched as aforesaid, any or either of them, to be Assessors for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned; and the respective Persons so appointed shall, within Twenty Days next after being served with such Warrants or Appointments, by the same being delivered to or left for them at their respective Places of Abode, make, sign, and return to the said Trustees or their Clerk, such Rates or Assessments as are herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), any Rate or Assessments not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound upon the several Inhabitants or Occupiers of Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, or other Buildings, Yards, Courts, or Gardens (not being Public Gardens or Nursery Grounds occupied by Gardeners or Nurserymen), situate by the Sides of or near to such

Part

1164

give Notice of making the Rates.

Assessors

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wn.

Part or Parts of the said Road as shall be, or is or are intended to be so lighted, watered, and watched as aforesaid, not extending Eastward beyond the Gutteridge Turnpike Gate, nor Westward beyond the House and Hereditaments now in the Occupation of William Smith, situate on or near the Scite whereon Saint George's Gate in the City of Canterbury formerly stood, nor extending on the North or South Side of the said Road beyond the Distance of One hundred and thirty-five Yards from the Centre of the said Road; in which said Rates or Assessments there shall be specified and set down, in different Columns, the Names of the respective Inhabitants or Occupiers, the annual Rents or Value of their respective Premises, and the Amount of the Rate or Assessment charged on each of the said Inhabitants or Occupiers; and where the Premises shall be unoccupied, the comparative annual Value of the said Premises: Provided always, that no Inhabitant or Occupier of Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, or other Buildings, Yards, Courts, or Gardens, situate by the Sides of or near to such Part or Parts of the said Road as shall be, or is or are intended to be so lighted, watered, and watched as aforesaid, shall be liable to be rated or assessed for any such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, or other Buildings, Yards, Courts, or Gardens as aforesaid, unless some Part or Parts of his or her said Inhabitancy or Occupation shall immediately adjoin one or both of the Sides of the said Part or Parts of the said Road so to be or intended to be lighted, watered, and watched as aforesaid, or have an immediate Communication therewith by some Approach thereto, not being a Public Highway.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any such Rates or Assessments shall be made as aforesaid, the said Assessors shall cause Notice thereof to be given in the Parish Churches of Saint George the Martyr in the City of Canterbury, and Saint Paul in the Borough of Longport in the County of Kent, or by fixing such Notices to the principal Doors of each of the said Churches, at least Ten Days before the said Rates or Assessments shall be returned to the said Trustees or their Clerk as aforesaid, to the end that all or any of the Persons concerned may, if they think proper, inspect the same, which Inspection the said Assessors are hereby required to permit and suffer gratis, at convenient Times in the Day-time, upon Application made to them for that Purpose; and in case the said Rates or Assessments shall not be appealed against within Twenty-one Days next after such Notice, the same shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties; and in case the same shall be appealed against in one or more Particular or Particulars, the same shall nevertheless be binding and conclusive in all other Particulars; and such Parts of the said Rates or Assessments, which shall not be appealed against, shall and may be collected as if no such Appeal was made, and the Proceedings on the said Rates or Assessments shall only be stayed on those Parts thereof which shall be so appealed against.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person so appointed - Assessor shall refuse or neglect to take upon him the said Office of Assessor, without sufficient Excuse (to be allowed by the said Trustees), or shall be negligent in the Execution of his Duty, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case of such Neglect or Refusal, or if any Person so to be appointed Assessor as aforesaid shall shew to the said Trustees such Excuse as they shall

io judge

1165

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lvii.

judge sufficient for his Discharge from such Office of Assessor, or shall, after being so appointed, by Death or otherwise become incapable of executing such Office, then and in either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at any subsequent Meeting, by Warrant under their Hands, to nominate and appoint some other substantial Householder of the Houses and other Buildings situate adjoining or near to such Part or Parts of the said Road as shall be or is or are intended to be so lighted, watered, and watched as aforesaid, to be Assessor in the Room, Place, and Stead of such Person so neglecting, refusing, becoming incapable, or being excused or discharged as aforesaid; and every Person so appointed shall immediately enter upon and execute the said Office of Assessor, and shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties, Orders, and Rules in every respect as if he had been originally appointed Assessor as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Persons Person shall be liable or required to take upon him the said Office of having served Assessor after he shall have once served the said Office, or paid the said ^sse^sornot Penalty, unless and until all and every the Male Inhabitant Householders uable to be of the said Houses shall have been in turn appointed to the said Office; called upon and in no case shall any Person be liable to be appointed to the said except in Office of Assessor after he shall have attained the Age of Seventy certain Cases. Years.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessors so to be ap- Collectors pointed as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, of the Rates, from Time to Time to name and return to the said Trustees or any

Three or more of them, some fit and proper Person, to be approved of by the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, and by them or any Three or more of them to be appointed Collector of and to collect the several Rates or Assessments hereby empowered and directed to be made and collected, and which said Collector for the Time being shall make such Collection as to all Parts of the said Rates or Assessments which shall not be appealed against, immediately after the said Rates or Assessments shall respectively become conclusive as aforesaid; and as to such Parts as shall be appealed against, such Collection shall be made of the Sum allowed on the Hearing of such Appeal immediately after such Appeal shall be heard; and the Amount of the Money received for the said Rates or Assessments not appealed against, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees within Six Days then next following; and as to such Part or Parts as shall be appealed against, the Sums allowed on such Appeal shall be collected and paid to the said Treasurer within Six Days after the Hearing of every such Appeal; and in case any Part of the said Rates or Assessments cannot be collected within the Times aforesaid, the said Collector for the Time being shall make a Return in Writing to the said Trustees of the Sums so remaining unpaid, and of the Names of the Persons from whom the same are due and owing, and shall attend the Trustees from Time to Time at their Meetings, to be examined if required relating thereto; and in case any such Col- Penalty on lector shall be negligent in the Execution of his Duty, he shall for Neglect of every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Dutjr'

«3'e

1166 4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wxx.

Assessors and

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said be allowed for Trustees shall, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of the said making and Rates or Assessments, allow and make Compensation to the several collecting the Persons who shall from Time to Time make such Rates or Assessments, Rates. and collect the Monies specified therein, for making and collecting the same respectively, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound of the said Monies to be raised by virtue of such Rates or Assessments; such said Compensation to be apportioned between the said Assessors and Collector in such Manner as the said Trustees shall in their Discretion think just and proper.

Apportionment of Rates on •Change of Tenants.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall have removed from or quitted any House, Building, or other Property, for and in respect of which he, she, or they shall have been rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons shall be liable to pay a Portion of the Rates or Assessments to which such Person or Persons would have been subject or chargeable in case he, she, or they had not removed from or quitted the same, in proportion to the Time he, she, or they shall have continued to occupy the same; and in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall enter into the Occupation of any House, Building, or other Property liable to be rated by virtue of this Act, out of or from which any other Person or Persons who shall have been rated or assessed for the same shall have removed, or which at the Time of making such Rates or Assessments was or were empty or unoccupied, the Person or Persons so entering into the Occupation of the same shall be liable to pay and to have recovered from him, her, or them, a Portion of such Rates or Assessments, in proportion to the Time during which he, she, or they shall occupy the same, in like Manner as if he, she, or they had been originally rated or assessed for such House, Building, or other Property j all which respective Portions, in case of Dispute, shall be settled and ascertained by any Justice of the Peace acting in or for the County or Place where the Cause of Dispute shall arise, on Application of any Parties interested therein.

Landlords

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person, whether Land-of ready l0rd. Landlady, or Tenant, who shall let his or her House in separate

Lodgings Apartments, or ready furnished to a Lodger or Lodgers, shall for the

liable to the several Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be the Occupier

Rates. thereof, and may be rated or assessed accordingly, and shall be liable and

subject to the Payment of the several Sums so rated or assessed: Provided always, that the Goods and Chattels of every Person renting or occupying any separate Apartment in any such House, or renting or occupying any ready furnished House, shall be liable to be distrained and sold for the Payment of the said Rates or Assessments; and that every Person who shall pay any such Rates or Assessments so charged on his or her Landlord or Landlady, or upon whose Goods and Chattels the same shall be levied in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the same from and out of the Rent due and payable from Time to Time to his or her Landlord or Landlady; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to his or her Landlord or Landlady for so much Money as he or she shall have so paid, or which shall have been io levied

1167

4" GEORGII IV. Cap.Wn.

levied on his or her Goods and Chattels in pursuance of this Act: Provided always, that the Goods and Chattels of any such Person so renting or occupying any separate Apartment in any such House, or renting or occupying any ready furnished House as aforesaid, shall not be liable to be distrained or sold for the Payment of any such Rates or Assessments further or to a greater Amount than the Rent or Proportion of Rent that shall at the Time of making such Distress or Sale be in Arrear or due and owing from him or her to his or her Landlord or Landlady for and in respect of any such separate Apartment or ready furnished House as aforesaid : Provided also, that no such Landlord or Landlady shall be charged with or liable to pay for any increased Rent which he or she shall reserve or make payable to him or her for or on account of his or her paying the said Rates or Assessments.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act shall quit his, her, or their House or Houses, Shop or Shops, Warehouse or Warehouses, Coach House or Coach Houses, Stable or Stables, Cellar or Cellars, or other Hereditaments whereon any Rate or Assessment shall be made by virtue of this Act, before he, she, or they shall have paid such Rate, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to pay the same when demanded of such Person or Persons, or at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, by the Collector of such Rates, or other Person authorized by the said Trustees, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, and he and they is and are hereby required to grant a Warrant or Warrants of Distress under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, (on Oath being made before him or them by the said Collector or Person as aforesaid, of such Person or Persons having been so rated, and of his, her, or their having quitted the Premises as aforesaid, and of the said Rate or Assessment having been demanded of or from or at the then Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, and which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer), authorizing and directing any Constable or Constables of any Parish, Township, or Place within the said County or City, or in any other County, City, Borough, or Liberty, where such Person or Persons shall then reside, or other Person or Persons to whom such Warrant or Warrants shall be specially directed, to distrain the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay, and to sell the same, and (such Warrant being countersigned or backed by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty where the Person or Persons shall then reside, or such Goods and Chattels shall be found, and which such Magistrate is hereby required to countersign or back), it shall be lawful for such Constable or Constables or other Person or Persons to distrain and sell the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so quitting the said Premises without having paid his, her, or their Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, in any Parish, City, Liberty, County, or Place where such Goods and Chattels shall be found, rendering the Overplus (if any) after having retained the Rate or Assessment, and all Arrears thereof, and all the Costs and Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively; and in Default of such Distress, it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices who shall have granted such Warrant, to cause

such

For Recovery of Rates from Persons quitting the Premises rated.

1168

Power to erect Lamps, &c. and to appoint Watchmen.

Power for the Trustees to contract for lighting with Gas.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lvii.

such Defaulter to be apprehended and brought before him, and to commit such Defaulter to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County or City, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Sums of Money as shall have been found to be due and in Arrear upon any such Assessment or Assessments as aforesaid, together with all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, such Costs, Charges, and Expences to be ascertained and directed by the said Justice or Justices.

XXXVII. And in order for the proper lighting and watching such Part or Parts of the said Road as shall be, and is and are intended to be lighted, watered, and watched as aforesaid; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or alter the several Lamps, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons, and Stands already erected, and also to erect such and so many other Lamps, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons, and Stands, Watch Houses or Watch Boxes, as they shall from Time to Time think needful and necessary, on the Sides of the said Part of the said Road, and to fix the same to the Freehold of any Person or Persons whomsoever (making good or paying a Satisfaction for all Damage to be occasioned thereby), and from Time to Time to remove, alter, or take away the same $ and also to appoint such Number of fit and able-bodied Men to patrole, watch, and guard the said Part of the said Road, and to be Supervisors of the Watch, and for superintending and managing such Watchmen, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think needful and necessary; and to make such Allowance to the said Watchmen, and every such Person as shall be appointed a Supervisor of the said Watch, for their Trouble and Attendance; and to make, form, and give, or alter such Rules and Directions concerning the same, and in what Manner such Watchmen and Supervisors shall be clothed, armed, and stationed in the said Part of the said Road, and for the due and regular Performance of their respective Services, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable, and as the Nature of the said Service may require, and also from Time to Time remove and discharge all or any of the said Watchmen and Supervisors, and appoint others in their Stead.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to contract with the Canterbury Gas Light Company, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for lighting with Gas or Oil the said Lamps, or any of them, or such others as may be for the Purpose provided or substituted in lieu thereof, and for providing or substituting such other Lamps for the Purpose as aforesaid; and also for preparing or providing such Conductors, Pipes, or other Articles or Things as may be requisite for the same Purpose, and for affixing or setting up such Lamps, Conductors, Pipes, or other Articles or Things as aforesaid, or any of them, on or against any of the Walls of any of the Houses, Buildings, or Tenements, or on or against any other Walls, or any Pailings, Railings, or other Fences upon or by the Sides of or near to the said Part of the said Road, or in any other Manner, as may be necessary or convenient for the Purposes aforesaid, and also for taking down, removing, altering, or replacing from Time to Time such Lamps, Conductors, Pipes, or other

Matters

1169

4° GEORGII IV. Cbp.lvii.

Matters and Things as aforesaid or any of them; and also for erecting, preparing, or providing, and laying down any Works, Mains, Pipes, Reservoirs, or ether Matters or Things as may be requisite or necessary for the Purpose of lighting such Lamps with Gas as aforesaid, and the said Trustees making such Satisfaction and Recompence for any Damage or Injury to be thereby occasioned to any Property (except any Waste Land for any such Damage or Injury, for which no Recompence or Satisfaction shall be made), to every Person owning or being interested in such Property, as shall be agreed on between the said Trustees or their Surveyor and such Person respectively; and in case where they cannot agree thereon, then such Satisfaction and Recompence shall be settled and ascertained by the Order and Adjudication of any Two Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, at some Special Sessions to be held for that Purpose; and it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees in any Contract or Agreement to be made with any Person, Party, or Company for the lighting the said Lamps with Gas, to permit and suffer the Person, Party, or Company to make Communications with the said Mains or Pipes, and to lay Service Pipes therefrom to any House, Shop, or other Building or Place, the Owner or Occupier whereof may be desirous of being supplied with Gas, for the Purpose of supplying such Owner or Occupier with Gas tor his, her, or their own private Purposes for the Benefit of such Person, Party, or Company so contracting with the said Trustees for lighting such Lamps with Gas as aforesaid: Provided always nevertheless, that no-hing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Trustees or their Agents or Servants to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes to or against any Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, or public or private Buildings, or in or through any private Lands or Grounds for the Purpose of lighting the said Part of the said Road, or to continue the same without the Consent of the Owner and Occupier of every such Dwelling House, Manufactory, or public or private Building.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Body To prevent Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons whomsoever, shall at any Time £on^y>ng empty, drain, or convey, or cause or suffer to be emptied, drained, or ;n^ Rivers conveyed, or to run or flow any Washings or other Waste Liquids, &c. Substances, or Things whatsoever, which shall arise or be produced in the Prosecution of the said Gas Works, or in the Manufacture or Process of making or procuring such Gas into any River or Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, Spring Head, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or do or cause to be done any Annoyance, Act, or Thing to the Water contained in any such River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, or Spring Head, Well, Drain,

Sewer, or Ditch, then and in every such Case the Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sufn of Two hundred Pounds; and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and the whole of such Penalty shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same: Provided always, that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable unless the same shall be sued for within Twelve Calendar Months from [Local.] 13 R the

1170

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wii.

the Time of such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing shall have ceased and determined: Provided also, that over and above, and in addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, and whether such Penalty shall have been sued for or recovered or not, in case any of the said Washings, or other Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things shall be emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in Manner aforesaid, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, or any Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, Spring Head, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, Ditch communicating therewith, or any such Annoyance, Act, or Thing, shall be done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given by any Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to the Body Politic or Corporate or Person or Persons so offending, or to any Clerk, Officer, or Servant of such Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, and the said Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons so offending shall not, within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice shall have been given to them or him as aforesaid, stop, hinder, or prevent all and every such Washings, Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things from being emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or from running or flowing in Manner aforesaid, and every other such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing from being done as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each and every Day such Washings, Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things, shall be so drained, conducted, or conveyed, or cause to be suffered to run or flow in Manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be so done or caused to be done as aforesaid; and such last mentioned Penalty shall and may be recovered and levied in such and the like Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is in and by this Act directed to be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Informer, or the Person or Persons who in the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Conviction shall take place shall have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage, by any such Act so done or committed.

Penalty on

XL. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be found Gas escaping. to escape from any Df the Pipes which shall be laid down or set up by virtue of this Act, the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall light or contract for lighting the said Part of the said Road with Gas, shall at their own Expence immediately after Notice thereof by Parole or in Writing from any Inhabitant of the said Part of the said Road, given to any such Person or Persons, or to any such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or to any Clerk, Officer, or Servant of any such Person or Persons, or of any such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall not, within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice by Parole or in Writing being given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from escaping, and wholly remove the Cause of Complaint, that then and in every such Case such respective Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Poliuc or Corporate, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the g Penalty

1171

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lvii.

Penalty or Sum of Five Pounds for each and every Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of giving or serving such Notice, during which the Gas shall escape or be suffered to escape as aforesaid, one Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the Overseer of the Poor of the Parish in which the Penalty shall be incurred.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Provisions in this Act contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to protect any Person or Persons, or any of the Servants or Officers or Workmen, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall light or contract for lighting the said Part of the said Road with Gas, from any Indictment or Prosecution for a public or private Nuisance, in respect of any Works or the Means which shall be employed by them in making the said Gas, and using the same or furnishing such Gas Light, nor from any Action or Actions for any Injury or Damage sustained by reason of any such Works, or the Use of the said Gas, or the Method of Lighting therewith, whether such Injury or Damage shall proceed from the Preparation or the Use of the same Gas, or the Method of Lighting, or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of any of the Persons employed therein, or from any other Cause whatsoever.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Watchmen and Supervisors of the Watch, shall in their several Courses of Service use their utmost Endeavours not only to prevent Fires, but also to keep Watch and Ward within the said Part of the said Road, and to prevent Murders, Burglaries, Felonies, and other Outrages, Disorders, and Breaches of the Peace, and to that End the said Watchmen and Supervisors of the Watch respectively shall and may, and they are hereby empowered and required to arrest and apprehend all Night-walkers, Felons, Malefactors, Vagrants, Beggars, Disturbers of the Peace, and all disorderly and suspected Persons who shall be found misbehaving or wandering within the said Part of the said Road, and to lodge them in the Common Gaol or House of Correction of Saint Augustine's in the County of Kent, or in any Watch House or other Place of Security within the said County or City of Canterbury, as the Case may require, to be there safely kept and detained until they can conveniently be carried before some Justice of the Peace, to be examined and dealt with according to Law; and the said Supervisors of the Watch shall, as often in every Night as shall be ordered by the said Trustees, go about the said Part of the said Road, to take Notice whether all the Watchmen perform their Duty in their several Stations, according to such Orders and Regulations as shall be made and provided by the said Trustees.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Watchmen or Supervisors of the Watch, so appointed or employed as aforesaid, shall at any Time wilfully neglect to attend in their respective Turns of Service to keep Watch within the said Part of the said Road at the Hour appointed by the said Trustees for their Attendance thereon, or shall depart from or cease keeping Watch during the several Hours appointed by the said Trustees for the Continuance of the same, or shall neglect to arrest, apprehend, or detain any Night-walker, Felon, Malefactor, Vagrant, Beggar, Disturber of the Peace, or any other disorderly Person

found

Act not to protect Persons, &c. lighting with Gas from being indicted for a Nuisance.

Duties of Watchmen,

&c.

Penalty on Watchmen, &c. for Neglect of Duty.

1172

Penalty on Persons

assaulting

Watchmen,

&c.

Watchmen, &c. invested with the Powers of Constables.

Penalty on Constables for Neglect of Duty.

Penalty on Publicans harbouring Watchmen.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lvii.

found misbehaving or wandering within the said Part of the said Road, or shall not observe and perform all the Orders, Rules, and Regulations made by the said Trustees for their Conduct and Government in their aforesaid Employment, or shall in any Manner neglect their Duty or misbehave, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and also shall be immediately dismissed from his said Employment, if the said Trustees shall think proper so to do.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall obstruct or assault any Watchman or Supervisor of the Watch, to be employed or appointed by virtue hereof, in the Execution of his Duty, every Person so offending, upon being convicted thereof before Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County or City, as the Case may require, shall be liable to a Penalty, at the Discretion of the said Justices, not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in case such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice may commit any such Person to the House of Correction for the said County or City, as the Case may require, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Watchmen to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, shall be sworn in as Constables before any Justice or Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, and act as such while in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of this Act, and they are hereby invested with and shall have and enjoy the like Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Immunities, as any Constable or .Constables is or are invested with or have and enjoy by Law.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Constable or other Peace Officer shall refuse or neglect to receive into his Custody any Person who shall be apprehended, or any Horse, Ass, Mule, Cart, or other Carriage, to be secured as aforesaid by any Watchman or Supervisor appointed by virtue of this Act, or shall permit or suffer any Person so apprehended to escape out of his Custody, or shall refuse or neglect to convey any Person so apprehended before some Justice of the Peace, or shall convey any such Person so apprehended before such Justice, without giving Notice to the Watchman or Supervisor who apprehended such Person, or shall refuse or neglect to give such Aid or Assistance as herein required and directed, every such Constable or other Peace Officer so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler, Publican, or other Person selling or dealing in Spirituous or other Liquors, shall entertain or harbour in his or her House, or Habitation, or Shop, any Watchman to be appointed by or under this Act, or any Superintendant acting or being employed under the Powers of this Act, during any of the Hours or Times appointed for such Watchmen or Superintendent to be on Duty by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, then every such Victualler, Publican, or other Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lvii. 1173

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to^ said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized to provide a Supply of wa*"r Water, Pipes, Pumps, Reservoirs, or otherwise, for the Purpose after the’ streets, mentioned, and may, when and as often as they shall think proper, order and cause to be watered so much of the said Part of the said Road, and at such Times as they shall think proper, and shall also have full Power and Authority, for the Purpose aforesaid, from Time to Time to sink Wells, and erect such Pumps, and to lay down Pipes for the Conveyance of any Water, as and when they may think proper, on the Sides of the said Part of the said Road, and to remove or alter the same or any ot them at their Discretion, and also from Time to Time to purchase or cause to be made such Machines, Carts, or Engines as shall be necessary, or to contract with any Person or Persons for watering so much of the said Part of the said Road as aforesaid as the said Trustees shall or may think fit.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of Toll House*, and in all the Toll Gates and Toll Houses, Weighing Machines, Build- ,n

ings, Lamps, Bars, Toll Boards, Direction Boards, Posts, Rails, and ru Fences which have been or shall be erected and provided in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, with several Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto respectively belonging, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and all Materials which shall be provided for repairing the said Roads, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to apply and dispose of the same as they shall think fit, and to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, and to prefer and prosecute, or order and direct the preferring and prosecuting of any Informations or Indictments against any Person or Persons, who shall dig up, break, or pull down, steal, take, or carry away, spoil, destroy, injure, or damage any of the Toll Gates, or Toll Houses, Weighing Machines, Buildings, Lamps, Bars,

Toll Boards, Direction Boards, Posts, Rails, and Fences, or any of the Conveniences and Appurtenances thereto belonging, or any of the Materials aforesaid, or shall interrupt them the said Trustees, or any of their Officers in the Possession thereof, and it shall be sufficient to state generally the Property therein to be in the Trustees for repairing the Road from Canterbury to Barham.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall remove, or Persons re-wilfully break, destroy, throw down, deface, or otherwise damage moving or (unless by Order of the Trustees or their Surveyor) any of the Turn- damaging pikes, Toll Houses, Gates, Table of Tolls, Weighing Machines, Engines, g^tcTpay Store Houses, Outhouses, Watch Houses, Watch Boxes, Water En- a Penalty gines, Water Machines, Posts, Palings, Rails, Fences, Pumps, or Lamps, and to make already or hereafter to be erected on the said Road, or any Tools, Im- 8°od the plements, Stones, or other Materials which shall be got or collected for Daraage' repairing the said Road, or any of the Posts, Irons, Stands, or other Furniture of the said Lamps, or take away or throw any of the Oil from or out of the said Lamps, or extinguish any of the said Lamps when lighted, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, and he is hereby required upon Oath made before him of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant for the apprehending the Party accused, or [Local.'] 13 5 it

1174

4" GEORGII IV. Cap.Wn.

it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall see such Offence committed to apprehend, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending the Party, and by the Authority of this Act and without any other Warrant, to convey or cause to be conveyed such Party into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent or City of Canterbury, as the Case may require, and upon such Party being brought before the said Justice, or on Oath being made before such Justice that the Party cannot be found and apprehended, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear to be produced to give Information touching such Offences, and if the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his or her own Confession, or upon such Proof or Information as aforesaid, he or she so convicted, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, together with full Satisfaction to the said Trustees tor the Damages by l.ini or her done as aforesaid, to be settled and determined by the said Justice?, together with the Costs and Charges of such Conviction, and such Allowances as the said Justices shall think reasonable for the Witnesses and Peace Officers attending thereon; and in case any such Offender shall not upon Conviction pay down such Forfeiture and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, and also pay the Costs and Charges of such Conviction and Allowances as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted is hereby required to commit him or her to any House of Correction within or for the said County or City, as the Case may require, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Ten Days, and such Offender shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he or she shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture, Satisfaction, Costs, and Charges shall be sooner paid, and One Half of every such Forfeiture shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Half to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and if any Person shall negligently or accidentally break, destroy, throw down, deface, or otherwise damage any of the said Turnpikes, Toll Houses, Gates, Weighing Machines, or Engines, Store Houses, Outhouses, Watch Houses, Watch Boxes, Water Engines, Watering Machines, Posts, Palings, Rails, Fences, Pumps, or Lamps, or if any such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, Gates, Weighing Machines, or Engines, Store Houses, Outhouses, Watch Houses, Watch Boxes, Water Engines, Watering Machines, Posts, Palings, Rails, Fences, Pumps, Lamps, Posts, Irons, Stands, or other Furniture shall be broken, thrown down, or damaged by any Cart, Carriage, Horses, or other Cattle of any Person or Persons, and such Person or Persons shall not, on Demand, make Satisfaction to the said Trustees for such Damage, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County or City within his Jurisdiction, and he is hereby required, upon Information or Complaint to be made by the said Trustees or their Surveyor, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, to summon the Party or Parties complained of, and upon his, her, or their appearing or making default to appear. Oath being made before the said Justice, which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer, that the Party or Parties complained of was or were served with such Summons, such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either by the Confession of

1175

4" GEORGII IV. Cap.Wn.

the Party or Parties complained of or by the Oath of any credible Witness, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby required and empowered to administer^, to award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party or Parties complained of for the Damages so done as aforesaid, and the Costs and Charges of procuring such Award or Ol der, including the Charge of the Attendance of the Witnesses, and of the detaining and keeping such Cart, Carriage, Horses, or Cattle as aforesaid, as to such Justice shall seem reasonable, and shall cause the Sum so awarded, in case the same be not forthwith paid upon the making such Award or Order, to be recovered in the same Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture is herein authorized or directed to be recovered.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums raised and to be raised by Rates or Assessments on the several Inhabitants or Occupiers of Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, or other Buildings, Yards, Courts, or Gardens as aforesaid, adjoining or near to such Part or Paits of the said Road as shall be, or is or are intended to be so lighted, watered, and watched as before mentioned, shall be from Time to Time applied in lighting:, watering, and watching the said Part or Parts of the said Road as shall be or is or are intended to be lighted, watered, and watched as aforesaid and every thing relating thereto: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the Produce of such Rates or Assessments respectively from being charged with a rateable Contribution towards the Salaries, Charges, and Expences of the Treasurer or Treasurer, Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors acting or to act under and by the Direction of the said Trustees.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a separate and distinct Account shall be kept of the Amount and Application of the Tolls payable on the said Roads, and of the Rates or Assessments to be levied on the Inhabitants of the said Part or Parts of the said Road so to be or intended to be lighted, watered, and watched as aforesaid : Provided also, that in no Case shall any Part of the Tolls hereby authorized to be levied and collected be applied towards the Expences of lighting, watering, or watching the said Part or Parts of the said Road hereby directed to be lighted, watered, and watched.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwise particularly directed), shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, either by Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant for those Purposes, and to administer such Oath gratis)> and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when so paid and levied,

Money raised by Rates to be applied in lighting, &c.

Separate Accounts to be kept of Tolls and Assessments.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

1176

Allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lvii.

(if not directed to be otherwise applied by this Act), shall from Time to, Time be paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, and shall be laid out and applied in putting this Act in Execution; and in case such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid, then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, unless the said Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his or their Appearance before him on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County of Kent> or City of Canterbury, as the Case may require, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment, or any Judgment or Determination, or by any thing done in pursuance of this Act (save and except the Verdict of the Jury with respect to the Value of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements taken or used in turning, altering, widening, or making any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and any other Matter or Thing herein-before or in the said last recited Act directed to be final), and for which no particular Relief hath been hereinbefore or in the said last recited Act appointed, such Person or Persons may, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County or City where the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at least in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County or City, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at their said Sessions, on due Proof being given of such Notice as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall proceed to hear and finally determine the Causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall respectively think proper, and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap.Wn.

LV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices at their said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, in all Cases where they shall see just Cause to give Relief, to amend such Rate or Assessment, either by inserting therein or striking out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or by altering the Sum or Sums therein charged on any Person or Persons, or in any other Manner which the said Court shall drink necessary for giving such Relief, and without quashing or wholly setting-aside such Rate or Assessment.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act or the said last recited Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relative thereto ■, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damages in an Action on the Case.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order to be made, or any other Matter to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of the said last recited Act or this Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or liable to be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Inhabitant or Occupier of or in any Parish, Township, or Place, in which any Offence may be committed against this Act, shall be deemed or adjudged to be an incompetent Witness by reason or on account of his or her being an Inhabitant or Occupier of or in such Parish, Township, or Place.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding committed in carrying the Trusts of this Act into Execution, or any Matter or Thing concerning or relating to the same, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on behalf of the Party who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any Action, with Leave of the Court wherein such Action shall be depending, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum [Local.] 13 T or

1177

Justices may amend Rales without quashing

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form only.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, nor removed by Certiorari.

Inhabitants may be Witnesses.

Not to recover if sufficient Tender of Amends before Action brought.

1178

Limitation of Actions.

General

Treble Cos1

[Public Act.]

Term of Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lvii.

or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judgments shall be had and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act until Ten Days Notice shall be thereof given to the Clerk of the said Trustees, nor after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be laid in the County where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall or may, at his, her, or their Election, plead specially, or the General Issue Not Guilty, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Ten Days Notice thereof as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than the County as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict or Verdicts, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Case by Law.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXIL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

7

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

CapAvm.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Holehouse or Riding, near Greenfield in Saddleworth, to join the Stay ley Turnpike Road, and also to join the Halifax and Sheffield Turnpike Road, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place called Holehouse or Riding, near Greenfield, in the Parish of Saddleworth in the West Riding of the County of York, through the several Townships of Quick, Lord*s Meer, Holm, Mars-den in Almondbury, Austonley, Upper Thong, Cartworth, Wooldale, Foul-stone, and Shepley, or some of them; and also through the several Parishes of Saddleworth, Almondbury, and Kirkburton, all in the said West Riding of the County of York; to join or communicate with the Stayley Turnpike Road, in the said Parish of Saddleworth, and also to join or communicate with the Second District of the Turnpike Road leading from Halifax to Sheffield, at or near a Place called Shepley Lane Head, in the Township of Shepley, in the said West Riding, would be of great Convenience and Advantage to the Proprietors and Occupiers |of the adjoining Estate!, and to Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the manufacturing Towns and Places in the Neighbourhood, and to the Public at large; but the same cannot be made and maintained without the Aid and Authority [Local~\ 13 U of

1182

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.hm.

of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the

3G.4. c. 126. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

Appointment the same, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the West

o rustees. flying of the County of York for the Time being, together with Sir George Armytage Baronet, John Armytage, John Armitage of Woodhouse, Joseph Green Armytage, Benjamin Green Armytage, Amos Ainley, Elias Ainley, Jonas Ainley of Delph, John Allison, Timothy Bentley, Richard Battye of London, William Walker Battye, John Battye of Huddersfield, John Battye of Holmfirth, John Battye of Brown Hill, Richard Battye of Holmfirth, James Brook of Huddersfield, Charles Brook, James Brook of Choppards, Jonas Brook, Joshua Brook, Jonathan Brook, John Bates, James Bates, William Bates, Benjamin Bates, Joseph Bat ley, Joseph Ellis Batley, Edward Butterworth, Benjamin Butterworth, Joseph Butterworth, Thomas Butterworth, Richard Boothroyd, John Boothroyd the younger, Tedbar Boothroyd, Joshua Barber, Joseph Barber of Field End, Joshua Barber of Bank, Joseph Barber of Kilnhouse Bank, Benjamin Beeley, George Bramall, Edward Brown, Joseph Bray of Liverpool, Joseph Broadbent of Cote, John Broadbent of Longwood, James Buckley of Greenfield House, Thomas Blyth, Nathaniel Booth, George Bower the younger, Rawdon Briggs the younger, James Bottomley, David Charlesworth, Joseph Charlesworth, James Charlesworth, Joshua Charlesworth, David Charlesworth the younger, John Kenworthy Cooke, Richard Cruttwell Clerk, Joshua Cuttell the younger, Abell Cuttell, Joseph Cuttell, John Cockin, John Collier, Joshua Crosland, Thomas Dinsley, Elihu Dickinson, Richard Dickinson, William Dickinson, Joseph Dickinson, John Dickinson, John Dyson, Joseph Dyson, Thomas Dransfield, James Dransfield, Thomas Dr an fie Id the younger, Joseph Eastwood, James Eastwood of Deanhouse, Joshua Earnshaw the younger, Lewis Fenton, Robert Firth, Thomas Firth, John Firth of Shepley, Joseph Firth, John Firth the younger of High Flatts, James Farrar, George Farrar, Thomas Farrar, George Farrar the younger, Joseph Farrar, Firth Gartside, Benjamin Gartside, John Gartside of Ossett, George Gart-side, Anthony Green, George Goddard, Jonathan Goddard, Benjamin Green, James Green, Joshua Green, James Harrop of Ashton, Abel Hyde, William Hinchliffe, Joshua Hinchliffe, James Hinchliffe, Joseph Hinchliffe, George Hinchliffe, John Hinchliffe of Cross, Joseph Hirst, John Hirst, George Hirst, Jonathan Hirst, John Harpin, James Horncastle, Jonas Hobson, John Hobson, Thomas Haigh, John Haigh ot Shelly Hill 'Top, John Haigh oi Scholes, Richard Hargreaves, Joseph Harrop of Grass Croft, Joseph Harrop of Tamewater, John Harrop the elder, John Harrop the younger, Booth Harrop, John Harrop, Charles Harrop, Samuel Harrop, Thomas Hardy of Birks Gate, John Hilton the younger, John Jessop, George Jessop, William Jfferies, Sir John Lister Kaye Baronet, John Ids ter Lister Kaye, Joshua Littlewood, James Lees of Clacksfield, James Lees of New Delph, Thomas Morton, Francis Maude, Matthew Morehouse, Joseph Morehouse, Joshua Moorhouse, James Moorhouse, Thomas Sturges Mills Clerk, William Moor-house of Scholes, William Moorhouse of Sandy Gate, Jonathan Moorhouse, George Morehouse of Moorcroft, George Morehouse of Stony Bank, Thomas 5 Morehouse,

1183

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lviii.

Morehouse of Spring Bottom, Thomas Morehouse of Stony Bank, Joseph Marsden, Joseph Marsden the younger, Joshua Marsden, George Mars den,

John McC'lellan, William Newton, Isaac Parker Newton, John Newton of Woodhead, Joseph Noble, Ammon Platt, Edward Priestly, James Preston,

George Preston, Sir John Ramsden Baronet, Sir Joseph Radcliffe Baronet,

Joshua Robinson, John Roberts of Linfitts, Joseph Roberts of Hey, Jonathan Roberts, John Roberts, William Roberts, William Railton Clerk, William Radcliffe, James Shaw, Robert Shaw, Henry Shaw, Giles Shaw, Cookson Stephenson, William Stephenson, Samuel Stephenson, James Stocks, Matthew Sykes, Abraham Schofield, Uriah Tinker, John Tinker of Hepworth, John Tinker of Carr, John Tinker of Shelley, Philip Tinker, William Tinker,

Charles Trotter, Jonathan Turner, John Taylor of Ward Place, John Taylor of Long Walls, George Taylor, James Taylor of Walkers, Abraham Woodhead, John Woodhead of NetherthGng, John Woodhead the younger,

Benjamin Woodhead, William Woodhead, John Horsfield Wadsworth, John Wilson, Benjamin Wilson, Eneas Walker, John Walker of Thurstonland,

John Whitely, Ely Wimpenny, Joshua Wimpenny, Ebenezer Wimpenny, Hugo Worthington, James Whitehead, George Ilhitehead, John Whitehead, John Wrigley of Hallin Greave, Edmond Wrigley, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making and maintaining in repair the said Road, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provi- lowers of sions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, ^en4je^ and Things contained in the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of t|,i3 Art. the Reign of His present Majesty (save and except such Parts thereof as

are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act), shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Power to said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time appoint to Time, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, Truitees1* to elect and appoint any Number of Persons (not exceeding Five in the Whole, in addition to the Number of Trustees herein named and appointed) to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and such Persons

so elected and appointed, and being duly qualified according to the Provisions or Directions of the said recited Act, and having taken and subscribed the Oath, or being a Quaker, having made and subscribed the Affirmation in the said Act mentioned, shall be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act as if they had been herein named.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Trustees to be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, un- be sworn-less he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act is directed and prescribed, and unless being so qualified he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee, (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation mentioned in the said recited Act, and the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned) take and subscribe, or being of the People called Quakers, shall make and subscribe before One or more of the said Trustees

1184 4" GEORGII IV. Cap.Wm.

tees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath or Affirmation following; (that is to say),

* J A.B. do swear [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly 4 affirm], That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of my 4 Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and

* Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee, by virtue of an Act passed in the

‘ Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act], and of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled [here set 4 forth the Title of the Act.'] So help me GOD.’

4 [Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words, So help me God.’]

And if any Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath (or being of the People called Quakers, have made and subscribed such Affirmation), every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, *or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath (or being of the People called Quakers, to make and subscribe the Affirmation) by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath or made such Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

Meetings of V. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for executing this

Trustees, &c. Act shall meet together at the White Hart Inn in Holmfirth in the Parish of Kirkburton aforesaid, or some other convenient Place in Holmfirth aforesaid, on the Third Monday after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall and may then and from Time to Time after adjourn to and meet at such Times and at such Place or Places in Holmfirth aforesaid as they shall think proper; and in case a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act shall not appear at any Time and Place appointed for a Meeting, then the Trustees or Trustee appearing at such Time and Place, or if no Trustee shall appear, then the Clerk shall, and they and he are and is hereby respectively authorized to adjourn the Meeting to the Place where the same was appointed to have been held, and to such Time as they or he shall think fit, not being more than Thirty Days nor sooner than Fourteen Days from the Day of such last intended Meeting; and in case at any Time no Adjournment of any Meeting or intended Meeting shall be made as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk to the said Trustees, or for any Two or more of such Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, to call a Meeting of the Trustees by Notice to be inserted in some public Newspaper, usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the said Road, appointing the Trustees to meet at such Time and Place in Holmfirth afore-

1185

4° GEORGII IV. Cyiviii.

said as the said Clerk or the said Trustees respectively giving such Notice shall think proper, not exceeding Thirty Days, nor sooner than Fourteen Days from the Dare of advertising such Meeting; and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act or the said recited Act given to the said Trustees, and all the Matters and Things by this Act or the said recited Act directed or authorized to be done by the said Trustees, shall and may be executed and done by or before the Majority of the Trustees assembled at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, the whole Number present not being less than Three; and the same shall be of as full force and effect as if executed or done by or before all the Trustees for executing this Act (except in such Cases where any such Power, Authority, Matter, or Thing is by this Act or the said recited Act particularly directed or authorized to be executed or done by any other Number of Trustees, or in any other Manner); and at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, a Chairman shall or may be appointed; and in all Cases where there shall be an Equality of Votes upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) such Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote; and all Orders made under the Powers and Provisions of this Act may be revoked or altered if Occasion shall require, provided that no such Order shall be revoked or altered except at some Meeting where not less than Five Trustees shall be present, nor unless the Majority of the Trustees so present shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration, nor unless Three or more Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk under their Hands, and also cause Notice to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the said Road, specifying that such Revocation or Alteration is intended to be moved for Twenty-one Days at least previous to any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose; and the Trustees shall at their several Meetings pay their own Expences, except any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings per Diem for the Use of the Room wherein they shall meet.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meetings on Meeting of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary Emergencies, for the better Execution of this Act that the said Trustees should meet

on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk to the Trustees, by or under an Order in Writing, signed by Two or more Trustees, or for any Two or more Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting), to call a Meeting of the Trustees, to be held at such Time and Place in Holmfirth

aforesaid, as they shall think proper, by Notice, mentioning the Time and __

Place and Purpose of such Meeting, to be inserted in some public Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then standing or being across the said Road (such Time being not less than Fourteen Days after Publication of such Notice); and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment: Provided always, that no other Business than what shall be specified in such Notice, shall be transacted at any such Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any of their Appointment Meetings shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Clerk, Treasurer °* Officer*.

1186 4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wm.

or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Removal of any such Officer or Officers may appoint another or others in his or their Stead; and every such Appointment and Removal shall be entered in the Book of the Proceedings of the Trustees; and Ten Days Notice shall be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates standing or being across the said Road, of every Meeting where any such Appointment or Removal shall be intended to be made after the First Meeting of the said Trustees, specifying the Intention of appointing or removing such Officer or Officers; and the said Trustees shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed, or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in or about the carrying this Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

Clerk not to

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be act as Trea- lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed vice ve«S^ to act as t^le*r Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk, or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer, shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Treasurer,

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees &c. to give shall and they are hereby authorized, directed, and required to take suf-Security. ficient Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers acting by virtue of this Act, for the due and faithful Execution of his or their Office, and also shall or may take such Security from any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, or any other Officer acting in Execution of this Act.

Trustees may X. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector appoint tem- or Receiver of the Tolls hereby granted shall neglect or be incapable of porary Col- performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, or shall other-cetors. wj5e misbehave or misconduct himself, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Col-s lector

1187

4° GE011GII IV. Cap. lvm.

lector or Receiver, and in such Case and also in case any Collector or Receiver shall die, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the Trustees or until removed by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, which Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects as if he or they had been nominated and appointed at a Meeting called and held in pursuance of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Clerk, Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer who shall be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time, within Twenty-one Days after being thereunto required by Notice signed by Two or more of the said Trustees, given to him or them or left at his or their usual Place of Abode, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they for that Purpose shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under his or their Hand or respective Hands of all Monies which shall have been by him or them respectively had, collected, or received by virtue of this Act, and how and to whom and for what Purpose the same and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments; and all such Officers or Persons shall and they are hereby respectively required, within Fourteen Days after so exhibiting their Accounts, or within such other further Time as the said Trustees shall order or appoint, to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their or his Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the same, or to pay the Balance remaining in their or his Hands within the Time or in Manner aforesaid, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Two or more of them shall appoint to take the same, within Fourteen Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, in anywise relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road, and Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, shall live or reside, by the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons by them authorized on their Behalf, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to summon such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons to appear before him; and in case such Officer or Officers or Person or Persons shall not appear upon such Summons (the same having been served upon him or them personally, or left at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode, and no reasonable Cause or Causes to the Satisfaction of the said Justice being shewn for such Non-appearance), to issue a Warrant or Warrants for the Apprehension of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons -, and it shall be lawful for such Justice upon the Appearance of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, upon such Summons, or upon his or their being apprehended and brought before such Justice, by virtue of such Warrant, or upon his or their having absconded or not being to be found, to hear and determine

the

Officers to account.

and pay over Balances.

1188

48 GEORGII IV. Cap. lviii.

the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in the same Manner as the Trustees might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been so had, collected, and received, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the same, or if such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons appearing or being brought before the said Justice in Manner aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to such Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to commit such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place where he or they shall live or reside, or to any House of Correction within the same, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his and their Accounts, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his or their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as shall have been made by virtue of this Act in respect thereof, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the same, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), or until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees or to such Justice j but no such Officer or other Person who shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress only, shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

For erecting

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Turnpikes. Trustees to erect and set up or build, or cause to be erected, set up, or built upon, in, or across the said Road by this Act directed or authorized to be made and maintained, or any Part thereof, or upon or across any public Road, Lane, or Way leading to the same, or any Part thereof, when, where, and as they shall judge necessary, any Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Gate or Side Gates, Side Bar or Side Bars, or Chain or Chains, and any Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, and also One or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with Outhouses and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Toll Gate and Weighing Machine, and to take in and inclose on the Sides of the said

Road

1189

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ivin.

Road suitable Garden Spots for such Toll House or Toll Houses, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre each, as they shall think necessary; and from Time to Time to take down and remove or alter or discontinue the same, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and direct or appoint.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Tfus- Toll Houses tees of the said Road absolutely to sell and dispose of any Tell House or becoming Toll Houses to be erected on the said Road by virtue of this Act, together raay with the Ground whereon the same may stand, and all Outhouses, Gardens,

and Appurtenances belonging thereunto, whenever the same shall be considered by the said Trustees to be useless or unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of any such Sale being made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Premises to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money to the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall hold and enjoy the Premises in Fee Simple, discharged from all Trusts and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of the Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof: Provided always, that such and the like Preference and Priority of purchasing the Premises so to be sold, shall always be given to the Owner or Owners of the next adjoining Land, as is by the said recited Act directed to be given in case of the Sale of any Piece or Pieces of Ground not wanted tor the Purposes of a Turnpike Road.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Power to the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed Collector or take Tolls. Collectors of the Tolls to be taken by virtue of this Act, to demand and

take the Tolls herein-after mentioned, at the several and respective Toll Gates or Turnpikes or Toll Houses or Side Gates or Side Bars or Chains which shall be erected or placed by virtue of this Act in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; that is to say,

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Coach, Tolls.

Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, Sociable, Berlin, Landau,

Chariot, Vis-a-Vis, Barouche, Phaeton, Chaise Marine, Calash, Curricle,

Chair, Gig, Whisky, Hearse, Litter, Chaise, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, or Bullock, drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number.

1Local.'] i3 r

Which

1190

Tolls to be paid but once a Day.

No more than Six full Tolls to be paid on the whole Line of Road.

Stage

Coaches, &c. to pay every Time of passing.

Horses drawing Post Chaises to be subject toToll

Hiring.

Table of Tolls to be put up at every Gate.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.hm.

Which said Sums of Money or Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, Ass, Beast or other Cattle, Coach, Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike or Side Gate or Side Bar or Chain which shall be erected or placed by virtue of this Act in, upon, or across the said Road, or any Part thereof, or in, upon, or across any Lane or Way leading into the same; and which said respective Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, in Manner herein-after directed.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have paid the Toll hereby authorized to be taken for the passing of any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage through any one of such Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Side Gates, such Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage shall, upon a Ticket denoting such Payment on that Day being produced, be permitted to pass Toll-free through the same Toll Gate, Turnpike, or Side Gate, and also through such other Gate or Gates, if any, as the Ticket for such Payment shall free, at any Time or Times during the same Day to be computed as aforesaid; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to empower the said Trustees, or any Collector or Collectors to demand or take, for or in respect of the same Horse, Beast, Carriage or Cattle, for passing or repassing at any Time or Times in any one Day (to be computed as aforesaid) through all or any of the Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Side Gates along the whole Line of the said Road, more than Six full Tolls, the Distance between each respective Place of Payment being at least One Mile.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing any Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan or Stage Waggon, or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay or Reward, every Time of passing or repassing along the said Road.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught let out to Hire, and drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage, every Time of passing along the said Road, whenever any new Hiring thereof shall be made.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to put up and affix or cause to be put up and affixed, and afterwards to be continued at every Toll Gate or Bar on the said Road in a conspicuous Place, a Table of the Tolls by this Act granted, painted in distinct and legible Black Letters on a Board with a White Ground, and at the Top of such Board the usual Name of the Gate at which the same shall be affixed, and also a List of the several Gates which shall be wholly or partially cleared by the Payment of Toll at the Toll Gate or

1191

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lviii.

Bar where such Table of Tolls shall be affixed, and specifying which ot them shall be wholly and which of them shall be partially so cleared.

XX. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the Tolls Lessees or arising on the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, de- Persons *P" mised, or let to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be themraa/ lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees or Farmer or Farmers thereof, occupy Toll or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall authorize or appoint. Houses.

to occupy and enjoy the Toll House or Toll Houses at which the said Tolls so let are to be collected and to arise, with all the Appurtenances and Conveniences to the same Toll House or Toll Houses belonging, for the Purpose of collecting such Tolls, during so long Time only as such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall duly and regularly pay his, her, or their Rent or Rents, and perform the Covenants, Agreements, and Conditions of such Lease, Demise, or Letting, but no further or otherwise*

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls Enabling arising on the said Road shall be demised or let to farm to any Person Trustpes to or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer of°Tdl or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Houses when Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let; or in case the let to farm. Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Part or Instalment thereof, shall be in Arrear or unpaid

for the Space of Three Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid, pursuant to the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting thereof; or in case such Lease, Agreement, or Contract shall in any other Manner become void; then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, upon Application made by the said Trustees or by any Person by them appointed on their Behalf, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of every or any Toll House, Toll Gate, Bar or Chain, or Weighing Machine, and the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the Day-time, and to remove and put such Lessee or Lessees,

Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arising thereout respectively, or other the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the same, and from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls, and to give to the said Trustees, or other Persons acting by or under their Authority, Possession thereof; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall think fit, to vacate and determine the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall accordingly be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other unperformed or broken Obligations,

Covenants, or Agreements on the Lessee's Part) as if such Lease, Agreement, or Contract had never been made; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected in such and the same Manner as if no former Lease, Agieement, or Contract had been made relative thereto.

1192

Subscribers to pay their Subscriptions.

Application of the Tolls and Money to be borrowed.

Road may be made.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wm.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed for or agreed to advance any Money for and towards the making or maintaining the said Road, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed within such Time and Times, and in such Parts and Proportions, as is or are expressed in the Writing subscribed by them, or as the said Trustees shall order and direct; and the same shall be demanded by and paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall by any Writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sue for the same in the Name of any One of such Trustees, or of their Clerk, and to recover the same, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and all such Monies shall be vested in the said Trustees, and applied as herein-after mentioned.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already subscribed or to be subscribed or advanced for the Purpose of making the said Road, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, or out of the first Money which shall arise or be received from the Tolls by this Act granted, the said Trustees shall in the first Place pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act, with Interest for the same, and the Remainder of all such Monies so subscribed or to be subscribed, advanced or borrowed, shall be applied in defraying the Expences of making the said Road, and in purchasing Lands and Hereditaments and Materials for the Purpose, and in erecting, making, or providing Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Bars, Gates, Chains, Weighing Machines, Toll Houses, with Outhouses and Conveniences, also Footpaths, Causeways, Bridges, Ditches, Fences, Rails, Posts, Boards, Lamps, Books, and other Matters and Things necessary or requisite for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution; and after Payment of all such Expences, the Remainder (if any) of such Monies, and all Monies which shall arise or be received from the Tolls by this Act granted, or otherwise, shall from Time to Time be applied in keeping down the Interest of the Monies subscribed or advanced for the Purposes of the said Road, and which may be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and in amending and keeping in Repair the said Road and the Toll Gates and Toll Houses, and in otherwise putting this Act into Execution; and lastly, in repaying the Principal Monies subscribed or advanced for the Purposes of the said Road, or which shall be borrowed by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make the said Road in, upon, over, or through any private Lands or Grounds described in the Plan and Book of Reference herein-after mentioned, of such Width as they shall think proper, not exceeding Forty-two Feet, together with such Footpaths, Causeways, Bridges, Culverts, Fences, Ditches, and Drains, as they shall think necessary or expedient, and for such Purpose or Purposes to pull down or take and use and lay into the

1193

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lviii.

said Road any Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the same, or for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and also in, upon, over, or through any Commons or Waste Grounds, without making any Satisfaction for such Commons or Waste Grounds.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Expence of Trustees acting in Execution of any Act passed or to be passed in the taking down present Session of Parliament shall make any Turnpike Road which shall Buddings at cross or pass along Part of the Road hereby intended to be made Turn- be°borne *° pike, at or near Holmfirth aforesaid, then the Expences of purchasing for equally by that Purpose any Buildings, and of taking down or altering the same, the Trustees and of otherwise improving such Part of the said Road, and relating the Road thereto, shall be borne and defrayed by the Trustees of both Roads, in other6*1*1" equal Shares; and the Trustees for executing this Act shall and they Trustees, are hereby empowered and required to pay One Moiety of such Expences

out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Expences of Trustees acting in Execution of any Act passed or to be passed in the making the present Session of Parliament, shall make any Turnpike Road to join the Nev^MuTu Road hereby intended to be made, at a Place called the New Mill in the Lidgit Lane Parish of Kirkburton, and to pass Five hundred and forty Yards or End to be thereabouts along the same Line of Road, to a Place called Lidgit Lane borne equally End in the said Parish, then the Expence of making such Part of the said Road as lies between New Mill and Lidgit Lane End aforesaid, and this Road° of maintaining the same in Repair, and relating thereto, shall be borne and certain and defrayed by the Trustees of both Roads, in equal Proportions; and other the Trustees acting in the Execution of this Act shall and they are hereby and

empowered and required to pay One Moiety of such Expences from Time be taken ° to 'lime out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act: Pro- thereon, vided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to erect or cause to be erected any Turnpike or Toll Gate, Bar or Chain, on the said Part of the said Road, or to take any Toll thereon.

XXVII. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said Road to be Road, and the Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises through or over madeaccord-which the same is to be made or carried, together with a Book of Re- ’Sapt<or*Fla,» ference, containing a List of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers deposited at of such Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, have been deposited at the the Office of Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding j be it therefore lhe c,'erk of enacted, That the said Map or Plan, and the Book of Reference, shall the Peace‘ remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding, to

the End that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees, in making the said Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic,

[LQcal.\ 13 Z Corporate,

1194

marked in the Plan may be used, notwithstanding Errors in the Book of Reference.

Trustees restrained from pulling down Dwelling Houses, &c. without the Consent of the Owner.

Fences to Road by whom to be made and kept in Repair.

Ditches,

Drains,

Bridges, &c. by whom to be made and cleansed.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lviii.

Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Premises such Deviation shall be made.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Road into, through, across, or over the several Lands, Hereditaments, or Premises of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Lands or Premises over which the same is or are set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted or mis-stated in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act for making the said Road, or given by the said recited Act for amending, altering, turning, widening, and improving the same, shall not extend or be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Curtilage, Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, Lawn, Shrubbery, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof, or other Person interested therein, first had and obtained, except such as are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.)

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to make, erect, or place sufficient Fences on the Sides of the said Road where the same shall pass through or over any private Lands, Fields, or Grounds j and after such Fences shall be made, the same shall be for ever thereafter the Property of the Persons or Parties on whose Lands, Fields, or Grounds the same shall have been made, erected, or placed, and shall be supported and maintained by or at the Expence of the Owners or Proprietors or Occupiers of the Lands, Fields, or Grounds whereon such Fences shall have been so made, erected, or placed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses of a sufficient Depth and Breadth, for keeping the said Road dry, and conveying the Water from the same, shall be made by the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or other Officer, on the Sides of the said Road, and also where necessary into or through any Lands or Grounds adjoining to or lying near the said Road (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House), at the Expence of the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act , and sufficient Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, Tunnels, or Plats, shall he made by the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or other Officer, where any Carriage Ways or Foot Ways lead into or out of or cross the said Road, also at the Expence of the said Trustees out of the Monies aforesaid, any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses, Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks; Tunnels, or Plats, when made and completed

9 b7

1195

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lviii.

by the said Trustees, shall for ever afterwards be scoured, cleansed, and kept open, repaired and maintained, by the Occupiers of the adjoining Lands or Grounds; but all such new Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, Tunnels, and Plats as shall cross or pass in or under the said Road, shall be scoured, cleansed, and kept open, repaired and maintained, by the said Trustees, subject to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place in which the said Road or any Part thereof lies, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be dofte upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road or any Part thereof lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways j and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject or liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors by their Order, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may alto order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, to pay over to the said Trustees ot their Treasurer such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time ot Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect of refuse t6 do Statute Work as aforesaid (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, a* his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, "signed by the Surveyor

Statute

Labour.

Justices to

determine

Differences

touching

Statute

Work.

1196

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ivin.

veyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees), shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off or discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place wherein such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways shall live or reside, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees.

Trustees may

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such contract for person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize or appoint, making or^ sjlajj an(j may ancj they ancj jle are an(j js hereby empowered to contract Road!' f?c. with any Person or Persons for making or amending, repairing and maintaining the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for erecting Mile or Direction Stones or Posts, Bridges, Culverts, or Arches thereon or therein, or for doing any other Works to be performed in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper j and all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees by their Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, shall be binding on the said Trustees and their Successors, and upon all other Parties who shall sign the same, and the Executors and Administrators of such other Parties; and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Parties or Person or Persons failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively j and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be requisite for making, amending, repairing, or maintaining the said Road or any Part thereof, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages

to

1197

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lviii.

to be recovered in any Action or Suit against such Party or Parties or Person or Persons so as aforesaid making default in fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreement j any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and J? case of as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be mg"tofcom-paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of the Directions pensation for of the said recited Act or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Materials, Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Damages, or Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees or the said6 any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Trustees, Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees or their &c. the same Treasurer (which such Treasurer is hereby authorized and required to to be levied pay) to the Party or Parties entitled to the same, within Ten Days after the Goods Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such ofsuchTrus-Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Trea- tees or their surer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Treasurer. Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to such Sum or Sums of Money, or Compensation or Satisfaction as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid,

XXXV. Provided always, and be it furthef enacted, That the Trustees Trustees not appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally personally subject to or charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, jyjortg^e9 by reason of their having signed or executed atiy Mortgage or Assignment by way of Mortgage or other Security to be made to any Person or Persons lending or advancing any Sum or Sums of Money to the said Trustees upon the Credit of the Tolls and Revenues of the said Road, but all such Sum or Sums of Money shall be repaid out of the Tolls by this Act granted.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty for whomsoever shall wilfully pull down, break, injure, or damage any Table certain of Tolls put up or affixed at any loll Gate or Bar on any Part of the offence8' said Road, or wilfully or designedly deface or obliterate any of the Inscriptions, Letters, Figures, or Marks thereon f or if any Person or Persons [Lpca/.J 14 A shall

1198

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lviii.

shall wilfully pull up, throw down, break, injure, or damage any Posts, Rails, or Fences to be placed or put up by order of the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors, either by the Side or Sides of the said Road, or at or near to any Pit or Quarry which shall be used, opened, or made for the getting of Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the Purposes of this Act, in order to prevent Accidents; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully cause any Damage or Injury to be done to any Bridge, Arch, Wall, or other Building or Erection to be set up or erected by virtue of this Act on any Part of the said Road, or by the Side or Sides thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall cast or throw any Earth or Rubbish or other Matter or Thing into any Drain, Ditch, Culvert, Tunnel, or other Watercourse made by virtue of this Act, so as to obstruct the Water from running or draining off the said Road; or if any Person or Persons shall, without being thereto authorized by the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being acting under this Act, shovel up, scrape, gather, or carry away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, Slutch, Dirt, Mire, Drift, or Soil from off any Footpath or Causeway, or any other Part of the said Road j or if any Person or Persons shall turn loose any Horse, Ass, Beast, Sheep, or Swine upon the said Road, or suffer any Horse, Ass, Beast, Sheep, or Swine to be turned loose, or to wander or stray, or to be or remain upon the said Road, to graze or depasture on the Sides thereof; or if any Person on Horseback meeting any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or other Person on Horseback upon the said Road, shall not keep his Horse on the Left or Near Side of the said Road; or if any Person or Persons shall dig, make, or use any Pit or Pits for sawing of Timber or Wood on either Side of the said Road; every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence; and every such Offender shall also pay to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Person or Persons, in Addition to the Penalty, such Sum of Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damage or Injury so done or occasioned to any such Table of Tolls, Post, Rail, lrence, Bridge, Arch, Wall, or other Building or Erection; and such Penalties and Damages shall be levied and recovered (together with the necessary Costs and Charges of levying the same) by the same Ways and Means, and in the like Manner as Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines are by the said recited Act directed or authorized to be levied j and one Moiety of such Penalties shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied or disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

Damages and

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where by this Act or the Charges in said recited Act, any Damages or Charges are directed or authorized to howtobe863 be paid or recovered in Addition to any Penalty or Penalties for any Of-ascertained. fence or Offences, the Amount of such Damages or Charges, in case of Dispute respecting the same, shall be settled, ascertained, and determined by the Justice or Justices of the Peace by or before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any such Offence or Offences, and shall and may be levied and recovered by such and the like Ways and Means as any such Penalty or Penalties may be recovered, by virtue of the said recited Act.

4"GE0TIGII IV. «tp.lviii. 1190

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Public Ait. and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of

as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commence-

upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty- ment and one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of cLonI1"u.i>nce Parliament. »f.h»Act.

SCHEDULE

1200

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lviii.

SCHEDULE (A.J to which the Act refers.

DESCRIPTION OF PREMISES. NAMES OF OWNERS. NAMES OF OCCUPIERS.

A Building, used for a Sunday School,'! situate at Lane, in Upperthong, in the Parish of Almondbury - J Benjamin Thewlis, 8s others, as Trustees. —

A Building, used as a Dyehouse or Out-Y house, situate at Wheels Brook, in > Upperthong -J Joseph Hirst Joseph Cold well.

A Building, used as a Workshop, situate*! atUpperbridge.in Upperthong, afore- > Joseph Dyson Joseph Roberts.

A Building, used as a Warehouse, situate 1 at Upperbridge aforesaid - J Jonathan Turner Jonathan Turner.

A Building, used as a Coal-house and"! Necessary, situate at Upperbridge > aforesaid - -J James Hincliliffe. —

A Building, used as a Pigcote and Ne-1 cessary -j Joseph Dickinson Joseph Dickinson.

A Building, used as a Cowhouse, si-*! tuate near Holmfirth, in the Parish S-of Kirkburton - - J Joshua Hinchliff Brian Burton.

Two Cottage Houses, and Stables, si-1 tuate in Holmfirth aforesaid - J John Dickinson John Cartwright.

A Building, used as an Outhouse for l Cattle, situate in Holmfirth aforesaid J Joseph Dickinson Joseph Dickinson.

A Garden, situate at Poglnn, in Wool-1 dale, in the Parish of Kirkburton aforesaid - -) Nathaniel Booth Nathaniel Booth.

A Porch and Necessary built On the ! Waste, situate at New Mill aforesaid J Joshua Moorhouse - John Senior.

A Garden, situate at New Mill aforesaid Jonathan Bintcliffe - Jonathan Bintcliffe.

A Cottage, situate near New Mill afore- Y said - J William Brook James Barraclough.

A Garden, situate at New Mill aforesaid Benjamin Booth Benjamin Booth.

LONDON: Primal by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lix.

An Act for more effectually amending and keeping in repair the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter, to the Town of Newcastle-uncler-Lyme, in the County of Stafford, so far as relates to the Uttoxeter District of the said Roads; and for making certain new Pieces of Road to. communicate therewith, all in the said County of Stafford.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year ot'

the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for 32G.2. c. 6i repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyne, in the County of Stafford, whereby the Roads therein described were divided into Two Districts, and the Road leading from the Town of Uttoxeter in the County of Stafford, to the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme aforesaid, is thereby declared to be the Second District of Roads: And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirtl Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in 3 G 3 y

tie Thirty-second Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the.

Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the [W] 14 B 7 Town

1202 4" GEORGII IV. Cap.Wx,

Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme in the County ^Stafford, and for repairing and widening the Road from Cliffe Bank to Snape Marsh in the Village of Shelton in the County of Stafford, which last-mentioned Road was thereby included in and made Part of the said Second District: And whereas another Act was passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His said 18G.3. c. 109. late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to empower the Trustees for amending the Road from Uttoxeter to Newcastle-under-Lyme in the County of Stafford, to repair and widen the Road branching out of the said Road at Lower Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Hem Heath in the said County, whereby several Tolls and Powers were granted to the Trustees for executing the said Two recited Acts for the said Second District during the Continuance of the Term granted by the said recited Acts : And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the 42 G. 3. c. 98. Reign Gf His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter, to the Town g/1 Newcastle-under-Lyme, and from Cliffe Bank to Snape Marsh, and also from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, all in the County ^Stafford, whereby it was amongst other Things enacted, that the said Second District of Roads should be divided into Two Districts, one of which being the Road from the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme, to and through the Villages and Places of Stoke-upon-Trent, Lane Delph, Lane End, and Meer, and from thence to a certain Dwelling House on Blythe Marsh in the Tenure of Thomas Bromley, and also the whole of the said Roads from Cliffe Bank to Snape Marsh, and from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, were thereby declared to be within, and to form and constitute a District thereby directed to be called The Newcastle-under-Lyme District; and that the Road from that Part of Blythe Marsh where the said District called The Newcastle-under-Lyme District terminates, to and through the Villages or Places of Stone House, Draycott, Totmonslow, Over Tean, Nether Tean, Checkley, Foie, Beamhurst, Stramshall, and unto the said Town of Uttoxeter, was thereby declared to be within, and to form and constitute the District thereby directed to be called The Uttoxeter District; and in and by such Act it was provided that One Moiety or Half Part of the Debts which were then owing upon the Credit of the before-mentioned Second District, should thereafter be charged (as between the Two Districts created by such Act) upon the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District, and that the other Moiety or Half Part of the same Debts should thereafter be charged (as between the same Two Districts) upon the said Uttoxeter District j and the Repayment of the Entirety of the said Debts was guaranteed to the several Creditors upon the Tolls arising as well within the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District as within the said Uttoxeter District: And whereas the principal Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, besides Interest, (being the Amount of the Debts charged in Manner aforesaid upon the said Two last-mentioned Districts) is now due upon Mortgage of the Tolls arising as well within the said Newcastle-under-Lyme District as within the said Uttoxeter District, and in Conformity with the Provisions of the said last recited Act, the Interest of the said Debt is defrayed at the joint and equal Charge of the said Two Districts: And whereas the Term and Powers of the said recited Acts

will

1203

4° GEORGII IV. C^.lix.

wilt shortly expire, and it is expedient to make Provision by Law, not only for the Security and Repayment of the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, and Interest, so due and owing as aforesaid, but also for the Maintenance and Repair of the said Road called the Uttoxeter District: And whereas the Line of the said Turnpike Road called the Uttoxeter District is in several Parts thereof very circuitous and hilly, and in others liable to Floods, whereby Travellers are subjected to divers Inconveniences, which might be avoided by diverting certain Parts of the said Line of Road, and making Three new Pieces of Road in Manner herein-after mentioned: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the 3 G. 4. c.l2fi. general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; whereby it is amongst other Things enacted, that from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, all the Enactments, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, should extend to all Acts of Parliament then in force, and to all Acts which should thereafter be passed for making, widening, turning, amending, repairing, or maintaining any Turnpike Road or Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, save and except where any other Commencement was particularly directed by the said Act, and as to such Enactments, Provisions, Matters, and Things, as should be expressly referred to and varied, altered, or repealed by any such Act or Acts as should be thereafter passed: And whereas it would be more convenient to the Trustees for executing the said Four first-recited Acts, if the same and every of them, so far as the same relate to the said Uttoxeter District, were to be repealed, and other and more effectual Powers for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads granted instead thereof;

But as such Purpose cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the said Four The Four re-first-recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, cited Local Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein Acts repeal-contained, so far as the same Acts or any of them relate to the said Road rehte to^h* called the Uttoxeter District, shall be and the same are hereby declared to Uttoxeter be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; District, and that instead thereof this Act shall then commence and take place, New Term and be put into Execution for and during the Term herein-after men- and Powers tioned, for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in Repair granted, the said Uttoxeter District of Road, and also the Three new Pieces of Road herein-after described, and which shall be added to and Liken as Part of the said Uttoxeter District of Road; and that the additional Term and the lolls hereby granted shall be subject and liable in Manner herein-after mentioned to the Payment of one Moiety of the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds due on Mortgage as aforesaid, of the Tolls of the said Two Districts of Roads, and of all Monies now due on the Credit dr on Account of the said Uttoxeter District of Road separately, or which shall hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed and become

due

1204

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lix.

due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the Tolls granted by this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, and Securities made or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for executing the said Four first-recited Acts, or any of them, according to the Provisions and Directions thereof, shall, subject to such Rules and Regulations as herein-after and in the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty mentioned, remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity until the same are or shall be fully satisfied and performed; and all Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, and Securities, duly made and entered into by the Trustees for executing the said Four first-recited Acts, or any of them, to or with any Person or Persons, shall, subject as aforesaid, remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees under this Act, and be observed and kept by them according to the Terms, Stipulations, Conditions, and Tenor thereof respectively.

Powers of II, And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the tended to" Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the

ti.is Ai t. Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Reme-

dies, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be in force and executed with regard to the said Uttoxeter District of Road, as fully and effectually as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

Trustees.

III. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being, acting for the said County of Stafford, together with Frederick Anson Clerk, George Alsop, Thomas Allcock, William Arnold Henry Arnold, Robert Arnold, Daniel Astle Clerk, the Honourable Charles Bagot, the Honourable and Reverend Richard Bagot Clerk, Sir John Fenton Boughey Baronet, Hugh Bailye Clerk, Joseph Bainbrigge, Charles Vere Webb Bedson, James Beech, Thomas Beech, John Beech, James Bell, Samuel Stamford Bell, Thomas Bladon, Joseph Bladon, John Michael Blagg, Robert Blurton the elder, John Blurton, William Blurton of Wood Villa, Robert Blurton the younger, William Blurton of Foie, Edward Blurton, Thomas Blurton, James Blair, William Bourne, Samuel Botham, Richard Briddon, John Briddon, Francis Briddon, Thomas Brandon, Thomas Brindley, the Honourable Henry Manners Cavendish, the Honourable Frederick Augustus Cavendish, Francis Calvert, John Spurrier Calvert, Thomas Spurrier Calvert, William Carrington, Charles Benjamin Charlewood Clerk, George Chetwynd, James Chapman, Michael Clew ley, Francis Cope, James Collyer, John Cross ley, Robert Daville, William Deaville, James Durose, Thomas Earp, William Eddowes Clerk, Walter Evans, William Evans, Edmund Evans, Richard Fenton, Thomas Fenton, Abraham Flint, Henry Bond Fowler Clerk, Joseph Fox, John Fox, Francis French, John French, Sir John Gibbons Baronet, Thomas Godrich, Edward Griffith, Thomas Kirkpatrick Hall, John Hall, Robert John Harper, Thomas Hart, John Harrison, Robert Harvey, Thomas Harvey, Enoch Hand, John Hawthorn, Richard Clarke Hill, Thomas Lee Higgott, John Higgs, Brian Hodgson, Thomas Howe, William Holmes, George Hubbard, Godfrey Johnson, James Johnson, Thomas Johnson, Thomas Sneyd Kynnersley, Clement Sneyd Kynnersley, Thomas Sneyd Kynnersley, John Sneyd Kynnersley9 Richard io Keates,

1205

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lix.

Keaies, William Keys, - Samuel Langley Clerk, John Langley Clerk,

Manlove Vernon Lawrence, Richard Corbett Lawrence, Richard Levett Clerk, John Leigh, Edward John Littleton, William Locker, Frederick Lowe, Thomas Lowe, William Lowndes, Edward Lowndes Mallabar,

William Towers Minors, Richard Minors, Peter Minors, Samuel Minors William Milner, Jacob Milner, Henry Mountfort, William Mott, Thomas Morley, Nathaniel Need, James Orion, John Philips, Samuel Philips,

Robert Philips the elder, John Burton Philips, Nathaniel Philips, Robert Philips the younger, George Philips, George Richard Phillips, William Phillips of Tean Bank, Thomas Phillips of Lowfields, William Phillips of Lowfields, Edward Phillips, Thomas Phillips the younger, of Uttoxeter,

George Clarke Pickering, Thomas Pickering, William Perkin, Robert Porter Clerk, William Porter, John Riddlesden, Richard Ridcllesden,

Charles Barnes Robinson, Thomas Rushton, Sir Thomas Cotton Sheppard Baronet, Edward Saunders, George Saunders, John Salt, Thomas Salt,

John Vert■ Smyth, Henry Smyth, Thomas Sheppard Smyth, Thomas Smith,

George Smith, William Sneyd, Clement Sneyd, William Debank Sneyd,

Ralph Sneyd, John Sneyd, John Spencer, Thomas Sparrow, Henry Stokes Clerk, Henry Stokes the younger, William Summcrland, the Right Honourable Robert Sewallis Shirley commonly called Lord Viscount Tamworth,

James Taylor, Herbert Taylor, Henry Thomas Clerk, Michael Turner the younger, Thomas Turner, Luke Turner, the Honourable George Charles Vernon, the Honourable Henry Vernon, the Honourable John Vernon, George Vernon, Sir Trevor Wheler Baronet, Samuel Walker,

William Warner, Roger Warner, Thomas Warner, Charles Watson,

Thomas Ward, William Webb, Robert Wood, Joseph Wood, John Wood,

William Wood, Thomas Woolrich, Mark Anthony Whyte, Harry Tates,

Henry Tates, Thomas Tates, and their Successors, shall be and they'are hereby appointed Trustees for making, repairing, widening, altering, diverting, turning, and from Time to Time improving and keeping in repair the said Uttoxeter District of Road, and for otherwise putting this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, at any Meeting to be holden by virtue of the said Act of the appoint ad-Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (of which Meeting and Trustees of the Purpose thereof such Notice shall be given as is by the last-men- "" tioned Act directed to be given respecting the Appointment of new Trustees on Vacancies) to elect any additional Number of fit and proper Persons, not exceeding Three in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this and the said last-mentioned Act; and such Trustees when

so elected shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this and the said last-recited Act as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in or by virtue of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Trustees to be capable of acting as a 1 rustee for putting this Act into Execution he iworn. unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act, passed in the Thirs Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and prescribed, and unless, being so qualified, he shall, before he shall act as a I rustee, (except in administering the Oath mentioned in

-L nc lhe

1206

First Meeting of Trus-

Trustees to appoint Officers, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lix.

the said last-mentioned Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned) take and subscribe, before One or more of the said Trustees, (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath following; that is to say,

‘ T do swear, That I will truly and impartially, accord-

' x ing to the best of my Judgment, execute and perform the several ‘ Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue ‘ of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King ‘ George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this ‘ Act.\ So help me GOD.’

And if any Person shall act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for executing this and the said last-recited Act shall meet together at the White Hart and New Star Inn, or some other convenient Place in Uttoxeter aforesaid, on the Third Monday next after the passing of this Act, or so soon after as conveniently may be,and proceed to the Execution of this and the said last recited Act, and shall then and from Time to Time after adjourn to and meet again at such Time and in such Manner as in the said Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign is mentioned and directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings, shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Clerk, and also a Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collector of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Officer or Officers may appoint another or others in his or their Stead; and every such Appointment or a Memorandum thereof shall be entered in the Book of the Proceedings of the Trustees, and the Entry shall be signed by the Trustees making the Appointment, or by the major Part of the Trustees present at the Meeting where the Appointment is made, and Ten Days Notice shall be published on all the Turnpike Gates standing or being across the said Roads, of every Meeting where any such Appointment shall be intended to be made after the First Meeting of the said Trustees, specifying the Intention of appointing any such Officer or Officers, and the said Trustees shall and

s may,

1207

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lix.

may, and are hereby authorized and empowered by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed or who shall assist m the Execution of this Act, for their Services in and about the carrying this and the said last-recited Act into Execution, and also all such Costs and reasonable Sums as they the said Trustees or any of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers by them appointed, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall have been at or put unto, or shall have expended in the due Execution of this and the said last-recited Act, and of the Powers and Authorities given or granted thereby, or in defending or prosecuting any Action or Suit, Indictment or Indictments, Information, or other Proceeding whatsoever, for or on account thereof, or for or concerning any Matter or Thing whatsoever which he or they shall have done or ordered to be done in the due Execution thereof, or in or about the Prosecution of any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever, which such Person or Persons shall have done in Contravention of or contrary to this or the said last-recited Act, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable, and to order and direct their Treasurer or Treasurers to pay and defray the same respectively, out of any Money in his or their Hands arising from the Tolls hereby granted:

Provided always, that the Clerk, Receivers, Collectors, and Surveyors, who have been appointed under and by virtue of the said Four first-recited Acts (hereby repealed as to the said Utloxeter District), and also the Treasurer or Treasurers (if he or they shall have been appointed under the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty but not otherwise), shall respectively continue to hold and exercise such their several and respective Offices and Employments, until they shall respectively be removed therefrom by the said Trustees for executing this and the said last recited Act, or shall resign the same.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Clerk not to lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed act as Trea-to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any s"rer an4 such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any V1Ce vers such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk shall act as treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed. r

1208

Books, &c. relative to former Acts to be delivered to the Trustees under this Act.

Books used under former Acts to be Evidence.

Empowering Trustees to continue

Toll Gates, &c.

Power to sell the present Toll Houses.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lix.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or have been employed, or who have received any Tolls or other Money on account of the said Roads, or who have or shall have in their Custody or Possession any Money, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to the Roads by this Act directed to be made, improved, and repaired, shall account for and pay and deliver over the same and every Part thereof to the Trustees in and by this Act named and appointed, or to be elected and appointed as aforesaid, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as the several Collectors and other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of this Act, are by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act required to pay or account for the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or entered into by them, and by such Acts made Evidence, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or remove the Turnpike Gates or Toll Gates already erected upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads; and to erect or cause to be erected any other Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates in, upon, or across any Part of the said Roads, and upon the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and across any Lane or Way leading into the same; and also to erect or provide, or cause to be erected or provided, a Toll House or Toll Houses at or near each Turnpike Gate.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, as to the said Uttoxeler District of the said Roads, to be made, improved, and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by Public Auction or Private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same, and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trusts, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference

of

1209

4° GEORGII IV. Cap-lix.

of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground, or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Collectors the said Trustees, or their Lessee or Lessees, or any Person or Persons appointed or continued or to be appointed Collector or Collectors by to a virtue of this or the said last recited Act, to demand and take any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Tolls herein-after mentioned, at each of the Turnpikes, Toll Gates, or Toll Houses, which are or shall be standing, or being, or continued, or erected by virtue of this or the said last recited Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or across any Road leading thereto, and on every Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night), before any Horse, Ox, Mule, Ass, or other Cattle, Coach, Landau, Berlin,

Phaeton, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse or Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall pass or be permitted to pass through the same Gates or Turnpikes, or any them; (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, (except an Ass) drawing any Tolls, Carriage whatever, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Ass drawing any Carriage, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three Halfpence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number : And,

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, g^Lambs, the Sum of Tern pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number.

Which said respective Sums of Money, as also the additional Tolls to be Tolls vested payable pursuant to the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His in the Trus-present Majesty for Overweight, and in respect of Horses or other Cattle tees* drawing any Carriage with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches on the Sole thereof, shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll; and the Money so thereby to be raised and collected shall be and the same is hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the same and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of to and for the several Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner as is herein-after mentioned.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons Persons having paid full Toll at any Gate or Gates erected or to be having paid erected or continued by the said Trustees or their Successors, and pro- p011 at ducing a Ticket or Tickets denoting the Payment thereof, shall be subject Zttow or liable to pay any further Toll or Duty for passing or repassing on the at any other same Day, with the same Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle, through the same Gate the orany other Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected or continued as ?-oa^'ithin 14 D aforesaid,

1210 4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Yn.

aforesaid, which shall be situated within Six Miles of the Gate where such Toll shall be so paid; nor shall any Person or Persons having Twice paid full Toll on the same Day, and producing a Ticket or Tickets denoting the same, be subject or liable, in respect of the same Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle, to pay any further Toll or Duty for passing or repassing on the same Day, in like Manner through the same, or any other or others of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected or continued as aforesaid; any thing in the said last recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

s XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and in respect

Coaches, &c. of all Horses drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, to pay each Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Pay-Time of ment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which passing. si,aii return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat; and that the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carnage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Roads on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

Enabling

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Trustees to Tolls arising on the said Road shall be demised or let to farm to any recover Pos- person or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Farmer tShijI,ses thereof shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on when let to which the same shall be so demised or let; or in case the Rent agreed to farm. be paid by such Lessee or Farmer, or any Part thereof, shall be in arrear

or unpaid for the Space of Three Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid, pursuant to the Lease or Contract for demising or letting the same; or in case such Lease or Contract shall in any Manner become void; then, and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, upon Application made by the said Trustees, or by any Person authorized on their Behalf, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of the Toll House and Toll Gate or Turnpike demised or let along with such Tolls, and the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the Day-time only, and to remove and put such Lessee or Farmer of the Tolls, or other the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his or their Goods, out of the same, and from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls, and to deliver the Possession thereof to the said Trustees, or such other Person acting under their Authority as aforesaid; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall so think fit, to vacate and determine the Lease or Contract for demising the said Tolls to such Lessee or Farmer, and the same shall thereupon be utterly void, save only so far as respects the Covenants or Agreements therein contained for Payment of Rent, and the other Obligations or Agreements therein, which may then remain unpaid or unperformed on the Part of such Lessee or Farmer; and it shall 8 and

1211

4° GEORGII IV. Ctf/?.Iix.

and may be lawful for the said Trustees, in every such Case, again to demise or let to farm the said Tolls to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected in such and the same Manner as if no former Lease or Contract had been made relative thereto.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for power to the Trustees appointed or to be appointed for putting this and the last divert the recited Act into Execution, to divert and change the Course of the said Turnpike Road, by making, amending, widening, altering, improving, pranrhps. and keeping in Repair a new Line of Road, (Westwardly of the present Turnpike Road) from the Eastern Corner of a Close adjoining the said Turnpike Road, situate near the Northern End of Uttoxeter Heath, in the

Parish of Uttoxeter aforesaid, now in the Possession of Edward Wibberley, and along the said Close, and from thence to a Fold Yard belonging to a Dwelling House, called Butierley House, in the Parish of Checkky, in the said County of Stafford; and also another new Line of Road (also Westwardly of the said Turnpike Road) from the Northern Side of a Close adjoining the said Turnpike Road, situate near Madeley House, in the Manor of Madeley Holme, in the Parish of Checkley aforesaid, called The Great Stivage, now in the Possession of John Hordern, to and along a certain other Close, situate in the Manor of Madeley Holme, called The Croft, now also in the Possession of the said John Hordern; and also another new Line of Road (Eastwardly of the said Turnpike Road) from the Eastern Side of a Plantation adjoining the said Turnpike Road, situate at or near a Place called Dadlington or Deadman's Green, in the Parish of Checkley aforesaid, now in the Possession of the Reverend Samuel Langley, to and along the same, and from thence to and along a certain other Close called The Croft, situate at the Northern End of the Village of Checkley, now in the Possession of Joseph Walker; and also to widen, alter, improve, amend, and keep in repair the said present Turnpike Road, from Blythe Marsh to Uttoxeter (now called the Uttoxeter District of Roads), by making such Alterations and Deviations in the same as the said Trustees shall think proper, within the Limits herein-after mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and Fences to be they are hereby required to make and erect sufficient Fences on the Sides at,e on

of the said Road, where any new Line of Road shall pass through or over ^es of any private Lands or Grounds; and after such Fences shall be first made, R^ad. me* ° the same shall be for ever thereafter the Property of the Persons or Parties on whose Lands or Grounds the same shall have been made and erected, and shall be supported and maintained by or at the Expence of the Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds whereon such Fences shall have been so made and erected.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or their contracts Surveyor or Surveyors, acting by their Order and under their Authority, may be made shall and may and they are hereby severally empowered to contract with for altering any Person or Persons for making, or amending, repairing, and main- 2J ^pairing taming the Road in the said Uttoxeter District, or any Part or Pans thereof, Road’ &e‘ or for erecting Mile or Direction Stones or Posts, or for making or continuing Fences, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Bridges, Arches, Culverts,

Tunnels*

1212

continue Causeways, and to make others by the Sides of the Road.

Recital that a Map, &c. of the Road deposited with the Clerk of the Peace.

Not to deviate more than 100 Yards without Consent.

4 GEORGII IV. Cap. lix.

Tunnels, or other Works, or for the Purchase of Materials, Tools, or Implements for the Use of the said Road, or for the Carriage of any Materials, Soil, Earth, or other Matters, to or from the said Road, or for executing or performing any other Works ne.cessary to be done or performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Trustees shall think proper; and all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, by their Surveyor or Surveyors, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, shall be binding on the said Trustees, and upon all other Parties who should sign the same, and the Executors and Administrators of such other Parties; and any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall and may be maintained by the said Trustees upon and in virtue of such Contracts or Agreements, and Damages and Costs shall and may be recovered against the Person or Persons making Default in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be requisite for the Purchase, Execution, or Performance of the several Matters or Things which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively ought to have been done or provided by the Person or Persons so making Default as aforesaid, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in every such Action or Suit, against such Person or Persons so making Default in'fulfilling his or their Contract or Agreement, any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this present Act shall and may continue to repair, amend, and maintain the present Causeways or Footpaths along Part of the present Line of Road in the said District called the Uttoxeter District, and also to make, lay down, amend, and keep in repair any Causeway or Footpath in, upon, or at the Side of any other Part or Parts of the said present Line of Road, and of the said new Pieces of Road, not passing through any Town, as they in their Discretion shall think fit to order and direct.

XXI. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the said new Lines of Road, and the Lands through which the same are proposed to be conveyed, together with a Book of Reference containing a List of the Names of the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Stafford; be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, to the End that all Persons may at any seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies and Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, in diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Roads included in the said recited Acts

or

1213

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lix.

or in the said Map or Plan, to deviate more than One hundred Yards from the present Line or Course of the said Roads, or from the Line set forth in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers for the Time being of the Lands or Grounds which may be affected by any such Diversion or Alteration.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities hereby or in the said recited Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty given, shall not in any Case be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained, other than and except so much and such Parts of such Dwelling Houses or other Buildings, Orchards, Gardens, Yards, and Plantations, as are mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

XXIV. And whereas it will be necessary to continue open the present Roads from Uttoxeter Heath to Butterley House, and from Made ley House to the Dwelling House of the said William Blurton at Foie aforesaid, and from Dadlington or Deadmanys Green to the North-eastern Part of the Village of Checkley, after the said new Roads between those Places respectively shall have been formed and completed, as leading to and from the neighbouring Towns and Villages; be it therefore further enacted, That the said several present Lines of Road from Uttoxeter Heath to Butterley House, and from Madeley House to the said Dwelling House of the said William Blurton, and from Dadlington or Deadman’s Green to the North-eastern Part of the Village of Checkley respectively, shall remain and continue Part and Parcel of the Roads within the said District called the Uttoxeter District, and shall from Time to Time be repaired and amended by the Trustees hereby appointed, and shall not be stopped up, sold, or disposed of.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the whole of the Tolls arising or to be produced within the said District of Road now called the Uttoxeter District, (heretofore Part of the said District of Roads by the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second directed to be called the Second District), shall from henceforth during the Continuance of this Act, so far as regards the several Mortgages and other Securities heretofore duly granted or made upon the Tolls and Duties arising upon or within the said District heretofore called the Second District, and so far as regards the principal Monies and Interest thereby respectively secured, and the several Creditors entitled to such Mortgages or other Securities, principal Monies, and Interest respectively, and their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, remain and continue and be subject and liable to and chargeable with the Payment of the several principal Sum and Sums of Money now due to such last-mentioned Creditors respectively, or their respective Representatives upon or by virtue of such Mortgages or other Securities as Trustees restrained from pulling down Dwelling Houses without Consent of Owners.

Power for the Trustees to continue open the several old Roads to Butterley House, &c.

The Uttoxeter District charged with a Moiety of the Debt borrowed on the Roads heretofore called the Second District.

1214

Treasurers to pay Interest on Mortgages, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lix.

aforesaid, and all Interest due and to become due for the same respectively.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every of the said several last-mentioned Creditors, and his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall continue to receive the Interest due and to become due on his, her, or their respective Mortgage or Mortgages, or other Security or Securities, of and from the Treasurer of the District, or his Successor or Successors for the Time being, by whom such Interest was last paid before the passing of this Act; but nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid from recovering the full Amount of the Interest on his, her, or their Security or Securities of and from the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of either of the said Districts.

bursing the Treasurer of the Newcastle Dis-

bums he may advance for Interest of the joint Debt over and above his due Proportion.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Treasurer of the said District of Roads now called the Newcastle-under-Lyme District, shall in consequence of any Proceeding or Proceedings of any of the Creditor or Creditors, Person or Persons, having any Security or Securities upon the said District of Roads heretofore called the Second District, or the Tolls therein arising, or of his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, in respect of his, her, or their before-mentioned Securities, have paid or laid down a greater Part or Proportion of the Interest due or to become due on such Securities as aforesaid, than One Moiety thereof, that then and in such Case and so often the Treasurer of the said District of Road now called the Uttoxeter District, or his Successor or Successors for the Time being, shall and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith, upon Demand, to pay to the Treasurer of the said District called the Newcastle-under-Lyme District, or his Successor or Successors for the Time being, all and every such Sum or Sums of Money exceeding One Moiety of the Interest of the said Monies, so secured upon the said Districr of Roads heretofore called the Second District as aforesaid, as the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said District called the Newcastle-under-Lyme District shall have paid or laid down as aforesaid; and the said last-mentioned Treasurer, and his Successor or Successors for the Time being, shall, in case such last-mentioned Sum or Sums of Money is or are not paid upon Demand in Manner hereby directed, have, and he and they is and are hereby vested with the same Powers and Authorities for recovering the same, with all Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, by Entry upon the Turnpikes or Toll Houses, and Perception of the Tolls, or Rents of Tolls, arising within the said Uttoxeter District of Road, as the Creditor or Creditors, or other Person or Persons to whom the Sum or Sums of Money last mentioned shall have been paid as aforesaid, is or are, or was or were by virtue hereof, or of the said Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, invested with or entitled unto.

in case of

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and

Nonpayment as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to rionoforPMa-" ke. Pa*d by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the terials, Da- Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of

3 , His

1215

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lix.

His present Majesty, or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satis- j"^es,d°0rne faction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil or Injury of any Nature said or Kind whatsoever done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Per- Trustees, &c. son or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums the same to of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same within Twenty-one Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Treasurer to the said Trustees, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil or Injury as aforesaid j and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees or their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by law are ,stalute or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or arc or shall be chargeable Labour, towards the repairing and amending the said Roads, shall be and remain liable thereto in like Manner in every respect as they now are or have heretofore been; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Stafford, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the Treasurer,

Clerk, or Surveyor of the said Roads, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, in or through which the said Roads do or shall lie, lead, or pass, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers j and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, to bring in a List before the said Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work,

distinguishing

1216

Application of Money.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Mx.

distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which List of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways, and out of such List the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Part of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him* her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or Defaults of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force or effect for Repairs of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on any Part of the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle and negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all of which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in a false or imperfect List or Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Tolls or other Monies already collected, received, or levied, or to be collected, received, or levied under the Powers of this and the last recited Act, or out of the

Monies

1217

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lix.

Monies hereafter to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, the said Trustees shall in the first place pay the Expences incurred in or in relation to the obtaining this present Act, with lawful Interest for the same, and afterwards such Tolls shall be applied in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and of repairing, widening, altering, turning, and keeping m Repair the present Line of Road, and the said Three new Pieces of Road, and the Footways and Causeways made or to be made by the said Trustees on the Sides thereof, and in executing the other Purposes of this Act; and in the next place in keeping down the Interest of One Moiety of the said Sum of Two thousand and five hundred Pounds, already secured on the joint Credit of the Tolls arising within the said Two Districts of Road called the Uttoxeter District and the Newcastle-under-Lyme District, and of all Monies already due or secured, or hereafter to be borrowed on the separate Credit of the said Uttoxeter District; and lastly, in repaying One Moiety of the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, secured as aforesaid, and likewise the principal Monies already secured, or hereafter to be borrowed upon the separate Credit of the said Uttoxeter District, and to no other Use whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Sum of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Amount of all principal Monies due and secured on the Tolls of the said Road, and on the Amount of every further Sum of Money which shall be borrowed or taken up at Interest on the Credit or Security of the Tolls of the said Road, shall during the Continuance of this Act be appropriated and paid out of the said Tolls, in order to form a Sinking Fund for the gradual Payment of all and every the said Monies; and that after the Payment of any such principal Monies, the full Interest which would have been otherwise payable for or in respect of the same to the Creditor or respective Creditors shall from thenceforth and during the Continuance of this Act be appropriated and paid out of the said respective Tolls in Aid of the said Sinking Fund; and that as often as such Sinking Fund shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, that Sum, and such Part of the Balance of any other Monies in the Hands of the Trustees as they shall think proper, shall be applied in Payment of an equal Amount of the principal Monies then remaining due or owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls of the said Road, rateably or by Lot, among the said Creditors, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the passing thereof, and shall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty.one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Money to be applied towards a Sinking Fund.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuation of the Act.

[Locals

14 F

The

1216

4 GEORGII IV. Cap.fix.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A Close of Pasture or Meadow Land, on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Edward Webberley, in the Occupation of Edward Webberley.

A Close of Pasture or Meadow Land, on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Thomas Bradbury, in the Possession of John Holbrook.

A Close of Pasture or Meadow Land, on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to William Allen, in the Possession of William Cock.

A Close of Pasture Land, on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Lord Bagot, in the Possession of John Byrd.

A Close of Pasture Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Lord Bagot, in the Possession of John Byrd.

A Close of Meadow Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Lord Bagot, in the Possession of John Byrd.

A Close of Meadow Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Lord Bagot, in the Possession of Ann Garle.

A Close of Pasture Land, on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Lord Bagot, in the Possession of Ann Garle.

A Close of Arable Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Lord Bagot, in the Possession of Ann Garle.

A Close of Meadow Land, on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Lord Bagot, in the Possession of Ann Garle.

A Close of Meadow Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Lord Bagot, in the Possession of Ann Garle.

A Close of Pasture Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Lord Bagot, in the Possession of Ann Garle.

A Close of Pasture or Meadow Land, on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to the Trustees under the Will of Webb Marratt, Esquire, deceased, in the Possession of Mary Chamberlain.

A Close of Meadow Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to the Trustees under the Will of Webb Marratt, Esquire, deceased, in the Possession of Mary Chamberlain.

A Close of Meadow Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to the Trustees under the Will of Webb Marratt, Esquire, deceased, in the Possession of Mary Chamberlain.

A Close of Meadow Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to the Trustees under the Will of Webb Marratt, Esquire, deceased, in the Possession of Mary Chamberlain.

A Close of Pasture Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to the Trustees under the Will of Webb Marratt, Esquire, deceased, in the Possession of Mary Chamberlain.

A Close of Pasture or Meadow Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to the Churchwarden of Bromshall, in the Possession of Thomas Kirkland.

A Close

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lix.

A Close of Pasture Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Walter Evans, Esquire, in the Possession of John Rawlin.

A Close of Pasture Land, with Plantation, on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Walter Evans, Esquire, in the Possession of John Rawlin.

A Close of Pasture Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to William Laughton, in the Possession of William Laughton.

A Close of Meadow Land, on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Walter Evans, Esquire, in the Possession of John Rawlin.

A Close of Pasture Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Walter Evans, Esquire, in the Possession of John Rawlin.

A Close of Meadow Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Thomas Phillips, in the Possession of Thomas Phillips.

A Close of Meadow Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to Sir Thomas Cotton Sheppard, Baronet, in the Possession of John and Thomas Buckley.

A Fold Yard (encroached from the Road) on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to William Bennet and Sarah Farrington, in the Possession of Robert Sharratt.

A Close of Pasture Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to John Hordern, in the Possession of John Hordern.

A Close of Pasture Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to John Hordern, in the Possession of John Hordern.

A Close of Pasture Land on the Western Side of the said Road, belonging to John Hordern, in the Possession of John Hordern.

A Plantation on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to Samuel Langley, in the Possession of Samuel Langley.

A Close of Pasture Land on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to Ann Warner, in the Possession of Ann Warner.

A Garden on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to James Blair, in the Possession of John Walters and John Bagnall.

A Close of Arable Land on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to Samuel Langley or Mary Powys, in the Possession of Joseph Walker.

Two small Closes or Crofts of Pasture or Meadow Land on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to John Shenton, in the Possession of John Shenton.

A Close of Pasture Land on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to Ann Warner, in the Possession of Ann Warner.

A Close of Pasture Land on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to John Higgs, in the Possession of William Cope.

A Close of Pasture or Meadow Land, on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to Elizabeth Walters, in the Possession of Elizabeth Walters.

A Close of Pasture or Meadow Land on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to Elizabeth Walters, in the Possession of Elizabeth Walters.

A Close of Pasture or Meadow Land on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to Samuel Langley or Mary Powys, in the Possession of Joseph Walker.

A Close of Pasture or Meadow Land on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to Elizabeth Walters, in the Possession of Elizabeth Walters.

1219

A Close

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lix.

A Close of Pasture Land on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to Samuel Langley or Mary Powys, in the Possession of Joseph Walker.

A Close of Pasture Land on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to Samuel Langley, in the Possession of Samuel Langley.

A Close of Pasture or Meadow Land on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to Samuel Langley or Mary Powys, in the Possession of Joseph Walker.

Two Closes or Crofts of Pasture or Meadow Land on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to Samuel Langley or Mary Powys, in the Possession of Joseph Walker.

A Garden on the Eastern Side of the said Road, belonging to Thomas Bull, in the Possession of Thomas Bull.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lx.

An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Castle Street at the End of the Town of Hinckley in the County of Leicester, to the End of the Town of Lutterworth in the same County.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act 2 G. 3. c. 54. for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Castle Street at the End of the Town of Hinckley to Lutterworth Town’s End, and from or near the Guide Post at Walcot Town’s End in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Milestone in Welford Field in the County of Northampton : And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled^ Act for 24G. 3. C. 28. enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Second Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Castle Street at the End of the Town of Hinckley to Lutterworth Town’s End, and from or near the Guide Post at Walcot Town’s End in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Milestone in Welford Field in the County of Northampton : And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An 45 g. 3.c,36. Act to continue and amend Two Acts passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Castle Street at the End of the Town of Hinckley to Lutterworth Town’s End, and from the Guide Post at Walcot Town’s End in the County of Leicester,

[Local.'] 14 H to

1226

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lx.

to the Eighty Milestone in Welford Field in the County of Northampton : And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded irl the Execution thereof; and several considerable Sums of Money borrowed at Interest on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Road still remain due and owing, and the said Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor can the Money so due and owing be repaid unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged, and the Tolls increased : And whereas an Act was passed 3G.4. c. 126. in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas it is desirable that the said Acts passed in the Second, Twenty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third should be repealed, and that such Powers and Provisions as are herein-after mentioned should be granted and made for the better Repair and Management of the said Road: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacts by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, By and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Three first of the same, That the said recited Acts passed in the Second, Twenty-recited Acts fourfti, and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King

repealed. fche Third> shan>

on and from the Twenty-eighth Day of June next after the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby severally repealed, and instead thereof this Act shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the present Turnpike Road from Castle Street at the End of the Town of Hinckley in the County of Leicester, through the Villages or Places of Burbage, Smockington, Nether Claybrook, Over Clay brook, Ullesthorpe, and Bitteswell, to the End of the Town of Lutterworth in the same County; and this Act and the Term and Tolls hereby granted shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized by the said Acts hereby repealed or any of them to be taken on the said Road, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed and become due on the Credit-of this Act, or of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected.

3 G.4. c. 126.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the to extend to Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the t is ct. Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

Trustees

III. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the

Names. Peace acting for the Counties of Leicester and Warwick respectively, and also Frederick Adcock, John Adcock, Thomas Adnutt Clerk, Robert Thomas Adnutt, George Allen, John Arthur Arnold, Thomas Barney, George Beale, William Bent, Thomas Bent, John Blakesley, Thomas Bloxam, Samuel Bonner, Isaac Bassford, Thomas Bown, Thomas Bray, Gilbert Bridges, James Brooks, Thomas Brooks, Matthew Browne Clerk, Robert Brown, 5 John

1227

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lx.

John Bullivant, Daniel Burdett, Dean Judd Burdett Clerk, Richard Bur-dett, Francis Burges, Marston Buzzard the younger, Robert Chess her,

Joshua Clarke, Joshua Clarke the younger, 'Thomas Clarke, Johti Sherard Coleman, Samuel Cooke, James Cooper, John Mawbey Cooper Clerk, Henry Cooper, William Cooper, Joseph Cotman Clerk, William Cowdell, John Crafts, Henry Crafts, Edward Darlinson, Thomas Edward Dicey, John Dowell, Doyle Clerk, Jerome Dyke Clerk, Henry Grey Dyke

Clerk, John Fisher Clerk, John Fisher the younger, Thomas Footman,

Samuel Fox, Thomas Freeman, John Garratt, William Gilbert, Thomas Gilbert, William Gillson, William Hall Gillson, William Gimson, William Glover, John Goodacre, John Goodacre the younger, Richard Gough,

William Far brace Gramshaw, Edward Gregory, John Gutteridge, James Harrington Clerk, Thomas Higginson, Nicholas Higginson, William Higginson, Joseph Hill, William Howkins, John Howkins, Hugh Hughes Clerk,

Nicholas Hurst, Richard Jarratt, Charles Jervis, William Davies Jervis,

Thomas Iliffe, Robert Henry Johnson Clerk, William Johnson, Robert Lord,

John Lord, William Lucas, John Lucas, John Lucas the younger, Robert Marriott Clerk, William Martin, John Mason, Charles Meredith, George Mettam Clerk, Samuel Miles, Roger Miles, Thomas Miles, Robert Milligan, Abraham Moore, Joseph Moore, John Moore, James Morpott, John Musson, William Neale, Thomas Needham, Thomas Needham the younger,

Joseph Smith Needham, George Noble Clerk, Abraham Nurse, William Nurse, John Orton, William Paddy, Robert Paddy, John Palmer, Thomas Pares, Thomas Pares the younger, John Pares, John Pares the younger,

James Parsons, Joseph Wilton Pawsey Clerk, Thomas Perkins, Benjamin Perkins, James Powell Clerk, John Power, William Power, Joseph Pratt,

Thomas Reeve, Henry Reynolds, Samuel Rowley, Thomas Sansome, William Scott, Thomas Scotton, John Sills, William Simons, James Smith, John Smith,

Joseph Smith, William Spencer, William Swain, Joseph Swain, John Tebbs, William Vernon, Thomas Walker, James Walker, Thomas Wallin,

John Ward, Jonathan Ward, Thomas Warner, Richard Warner, Richard Watson, William Wells, Henry Goodrich Willett, Philip Williams, Philip Williams the younger, John Wood, George Woodcock, Richard Wright,

George White Young, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person hereby appointed or Trustees to who shall hereafter be chosen or appointed a Trustee, shall be qualified take an Oath, or capable of becoming and acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath (or, being One of the People called Quakers, the Affirmation) following, before any Two or more of the said 1 rustees who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say), do swear (or, being One of the People called Quakers, do ‘ solemnly affirm), That I will truly, faithfully, and impartially act in the

‘ Execution of the Trusts and Powers reposed in me by virtue of an Act ‘ of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty ‘ King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this ‘ Act]. So help me GOD.*

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words So help me GOD.*]

1228

Power to appoint Fiv additional Trustees.

For appoint ing Officers.

Present Offi-

elected.

Treasurers, &c. to give Security.

Books, &c. relative to former Acts to be delivered to the Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV Cap. lx.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be held pursuant to Notice for this Purpose given by the Space of Fourteen Days (by affixing the same in Writing upon all the Toll Gates erected upon the said Road, and by inserting the same in One or more of the Newspapers circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road) to elect, nominate and appoint any Number of fit and proper Persons (not exceeding Five in the Whole) to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees assembled at their first or any subsequent Meeting, or any Three or more of them, may by Writing under their Hands (subject to the Restrictions contained in the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and may from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers respectively, and on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Officer or Officers, may appoint another or others in his or their Stead j and the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers, and also to any other Persons employed or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in or about the carrying of this Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer (other than the Treasurer or Treasurers) appointed under and by virtue of the said former Acts, or any of them, for or in respect of the said Road hereby directed to be repaired and maintained, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments until removed therefrom by the said Trustees for executing this Act, and each and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer shall have the like Power and Authority for the Purposes of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties, and to the like Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all Respects whatsoever, as if he had been appointed by virtue of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, or such other Officers to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices; and that no Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, or other such Officer, shall be permitted to enter upon or continue in such their Offices respectively, unless they shall have given such Security.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or have been or shall have been employed or who have or shall have received any Tolls or other Money on account of the said Road by virtue of the s^id Acts or any of them, or who have or shall have in their Custody or Possession

any

1229

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lx.

any Money, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to the said Road, shall account for, pay, and deliver over the same and every Part thereof to the Trustees in and by this Act named and appointed, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as the several Collectors or other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of this Act may be required to pay or account for the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Books and Book of Proceedings which may have been kept by the Trustees acting in the Execution of the Acts hereby repealed, or by their Treasurer or Clerk under their Direction, according to the Provisions of such Acts, and also the Book or Books to be kept for the Purposes of this Act, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts, and by all Judges, Justices, and others; and also, that all Conveyances, Assurances, Mortgages, and Securities, and all Deeds, Bonds, Contracts, and Agreements, granted, made, or entered into under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts or any of them, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as the same respectively would have been in case the said recited Acts had remained unrepealed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Arrears of Tolls or Rents, or other Monies due to, and Property Real or Personal, and all Choses in and Rights of Action either at Law or in Equity, vested in the Trustees under the said recited Acts of the Second, Twenty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, or any of them, shall immediately on the Commencement of this Act be vested in the Trustees named in or to be elected and appointed by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, who shall be and they are hereby enabled to receive and take Possession of the same, and for that Purpose to cause to be commenced and prosecuted all Actions and Suits at Law or in Equity, and to act in respect thereof as effectually as if the same had become due to or had been vested in them under and by virtue of this Act, or of the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or such Arrears of Tolls or Rents, or other Monies so due to the Trustees under the said recited Acts hereby repealed as aforesaid, by virtue of any Deed or Specialty, shall and may be sued for and recovered in the Name of the Trustee or Trustees to or with whom such Deed or Specialty shall have been so made or entered into, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, at the Option or Election of the Trustees named in or to be appointed by virtue of this Act or of the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and all the Costs to be incurred by the Trustees or Persons in whose Names such Proceeding shall be had shall be forthwith paid and defrayed by and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, and the Monies when recovered, shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall think proper, to continue all and every or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates and Toll Houses now standing and being in, upon, or across the said Road, or on the Sides thereof, and also (subject to the Regulations contained in the said Act passed in the Third Year of

LLoeal-] >4 / the

FormerB&oka

to be Evidence, and Mortgagee under old Acts to be valid.

Arrears and Property belonging to former Trustees vested in the Trustees named in this Act.

Power to continue and erect Toll Gates.

1230

Lamps to be lighted at Toll Houses.

Power to sell the present Toll Houses.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lx.

the Reign of His present Majesty) to erect, set up, or build, or cause to be erected, set up, or built, in, upon, or across the said Road hereby directed to be repaired, maintained, and amended, or any Part thereof, or upon or across the Entrance to any Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same or any Part thereof, when, where, and as they shall judge necessary, any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Bar or Gate, or Side Bars or Gates, Chain or Chains, and also One or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with Outbuildings and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Toll Gate, and to take in and inclose on the Sides of the said Road suitable Garden Spots to such Toll House or Toll Houses, not exceeding One-eighth Part of an Acre each, as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time when and as often as they shall think proper (subject to the Regulations and Restrictions herein-before and in the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively contained) to cause any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars or Chains already erected, or which shall be continued or erected in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road by virtue of this Act, to be discontinued and taken away, or to be removed to and erected in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of any other Part or Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees assembled at a general or adjourned Meeting shall from Time to Time order and direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to order and direct one or more Lamp or Lamps to be placed and erected on or against or in Front of each and every of the Toll Houses to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and also to order and direct at what Times of the Year and during what Hours such Lamps or any of them shall be kept lighted, and all and every Toll Collectors and Collector appointed by the said Trustees, and also all and every Lessees or Farmers, Lessee or Farmer of the Tolls authorized by this Act to be taken and collected, and all and every Persons and Person appointed by any such Lessees or Farmers, Lessee or Farmer, who shall neglect or omit to observe and fulfil the Orders of the said Trustees in respect to the keeping and lighting of such Lamps, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Neglect or Omission, to be recovered and applied in such and the same Manner as Penalties incurred by Offences against the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty are by that Act directed to be recovered and applied.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected upon the said Road by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Contract, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same $ and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens and Appurtenances, to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple $ and the

6 Person

1231

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lx.

Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trusts, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Person or Persons whose Land may adjoin any such Toll House as is by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of overplus Land or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of: Provided also, that it shall not be incumbent upon the said Trustees on any such Sale or Conveyance to shew any further or other Title to the Property so to be sold and conveyed than their Possession thereof under the said recited Acts hereby repealed* or some or one of them, or under this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, or their Lessee or Lessees, or any Person or Persons to be ap- take Tolls, pointed Collector or Collectors by virtue of this Act or of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to demand and take the several Tolls following (subject to the Restrictions in this Act and in the said last-mentioned Act contained) at each and every or any of the Toll Gates erected or to be erected upon the said Road or the Sides thereof, or on the Side of any Street, Road, or Way leading into or out of any Part of the said Road, once a Day, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; that is to say.

For every single Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Tolls. Chaise Marine, Coach, Landau, Berlin, Barouche, Sociable, Chariot,

Calash, Hearse, Break, Chaise, Curricle, Gig, Chair, Taxed Cart, Market Cart, or other Cart for the Conveyance of Passengers or light Goods or Articles, the Sum of Sixpence; and for Two or Three Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any such Carriage, as above mentioned, the Sum of Nine-pence j and for Four or Five Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any such Carriage above mentioned, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and for Six or more than Six Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any such Carriage above mentioned, the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence:

For every single Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, or for Two Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, the Sum of One Shilling; and for Three or Four Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage as above mentioned, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and for Five or Six Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage as above mentioned, the Sum of Two Shillings and Two-pence; and for more than Six Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage as above mentioned, the Sum of Two Shillings and Two-pence, and an additional

1232

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lx.

additional Sum of One Shilling for every such Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught above Six:

For every single Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught or for Two Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Four Inches and an Half and less than Six Inches, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and for Three or Four Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage last above mentioned, the Sum of One Shilling and Ten-pence Halfpenny; and for Five Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage last above mentioned, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight-pence Halfpenny j and for Six Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage last above mentioned, the Sum of Three Shillings and Eight-pence Halfpenny; and for more than Six Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage last above mentioned, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight-pence Halfpenny; and an additional Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence for every such Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught above Six:

For every single Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, or for Two Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Four Inches and an Half, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence j and for Three or Four Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage last above mentioned, the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence; and for Five Horse, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage last above mentioned, the Sum of Four Shillings and Three-pence j and for Six Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage last above mentioned, the Sum of Five Shillings and Threepence; and for more than Six Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage last above mentioned, the Sum of Three Shillings and Three-pence; and an additional Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence for every such Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught above Six, and a further additional Sum of One Shilling for the First Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught beyond Six:

For every single Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, the Sum of Sixpence; and for Two Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage as above mentioned, the Sum of Ten-pence; and for Three Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage as above mentioned, the Sum of One Shilling and Two-pence $ and for more than Three Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage as above mentioned, the Sum of One Shilling and Two-pence, and an additional Sum of One Shilling for every such Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught above Three:

For every single Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Four Inches and an Half and less than

Six

1233

4" GEORGII IV. Cap.\\.

Six Inches the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny; and for Two Horses,

Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Cart or other such Twowheeled Carriage last above mentioned, the Sum of One Shilling and One Halfpenny; and for Three Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage last above mentioned, the Sum of One Shilling and Five-pence Halfpenny; and for more than Three Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage last above mentioned, the Sum of One Shilling and Five-pence Halfpenny; and an additional Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence for every such Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught above Three:

For every single Horse, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Four Inches and an Half, the Sum of Nine-pence; and for Two Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage last above mentioned, the Sum of One Shilling and Three pence; and for Three Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage last above mentioned, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence; and for more than Three Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, drawing any Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage last above mentioned, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence j and an additional Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence for every such Horse,

Mule, or other Beast of Draught above Three:

For every Ox, Cow, or other Head of Neat Cattle (not drawing), the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Calf, Hog, Sheep, or Lamb, the Sum of One Farthing:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

And the said respective Tolls shall, subject to the Restrictions in this Act Tolls to be and in the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Pa5d be^re present Majesty contained, be demanded and taken before any Horse, atg the Gate Mule, or other Boast, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or Drove of O^en or Neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, be permitted to pass through any Toll Gate erected or to be erected, or continued on the said Road by virtue of this Act, or in, upon, or across any Lane, Street, or Bye-way leading into the same.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be One-third

lawful for the said Trustees to take or demand more than One-third of Tull only to the said several Tolls at the Side Gate on the said Road across the En- al

trance to the Turnpike Road leading from the said Road to Narborough, borough and and called the Sapcote and Narborough Turnpike Road, nor shall any Sap cote Road other Toll Gate be erected or Toll taken between the said Sapcote and Side Gate. Narborough Turnpike Road and the said Town of Hinckley.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Limiting the lawful for the said Trustees to make any Distribution of such Tolls, or Numbered Orders relative thereto, so that no more than Three full Tolls on the T°'ls-whole Line of Road shall be demanded or taken of or from any Person

or Persons for or in respect of the same Horse or Horses, or other Beasts or Cattle, or Carriage or Carriages as aforesaid, in any one Day (such [Local.] 14 A t - L Day'!

1234

4° GEORGII IV. Gy.lx.

Day to be computed as aforesaid), for passing and repassing through all or any of the said Toll Gates or Toll Bars erected or continued or to be erected or continued on the said Road.

.stage

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That for and in respect

Coaches and of an Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing any Stage Coach, the Tolls Post Chaises. ^ere^y macle payable shall be paid for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Road upon the same Day, and for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing any Post Chaise or other such like Carriage let out to Hire, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for every Time of passing along the said Road whenever any new Hiring thereof shall be made.

Application

XIX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already re-of the Tolls ceived by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, and now in the to bebor? Treasurer’s Hands, or out of the first Money which shall arise or be rerowed. ceived from the Tolls, Mortgages, or otherwise by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees shall first pay and discharge all the Costs, Charges, and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act j secondly, the Costs and Expences of keeping in Repair the said Road; thirdly, the Interest of the principal Monies already borrowed by virtue of the said former Acts of any of them, or which by virtue of and under the Powers of this Act, or of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, may be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; fourthly, the Costs and Expences of widening, varying, altering, turning, improving, and rendering commodious the said Road, and otherwise putting this Act and the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty in Execution; and lastly, the principal Monies already borrowed by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or to be borrowed by virtue of this Act or of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

where old

XX. And whereas divers Creditors on the said Road may have lost or Securities are mislaid the Mortgages or Assignments of the Tolls executed by the Trus-ma bTexe-5 tees for securing to him, her, or them the principal Money lent on the ci,ted. Credit of the said Acts hereby repealed, or the Tolls thereby granted, with Interest for the same, or the Transfers of such Mortgages or Assignments; and it is reasonable that in Cases where it can be proved to the Satisfaction of the Trustees that any Person is truly and bond fide entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money secured on the Tolls granted by the said last-mentioned Acts, or any of them, although they cannot produce the said Mortgage Security, that another Assignment of the Tolls hereby granted shall be executed for securing the Repayment of the Money now due on the Credit of the said Acts or the Tolls thereby granted; be it therefore further enacted, That in any Case where it shall appear by the Books kept by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees for executing this Act, or by any other satisfactory Evidence adduced at any Meeting of the said Trustees, that any Person or Persons is or are a Creditor or Creditors on Security of the Toils granted by the said Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, and that the Mortgage or Assignment of the Tolls for securing any such Sum or Sums of Money or the Transfer thereof has been lost, mislaid, or by Accident destroyed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, 8 or

1235

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lx.

or any Three or more of them, to execute, at the Expence of the Person or Persons applying for the same, an Assignment of the Tolls by this Act granted, for the Sum or Sums of Money mentioned in such original Assignment or Transfer; and every Assignment so to be executed shall be valid and effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Demises or Leases of the As to present Tolls arising on the said Road by this Act authorized to be repaired, and Leases, &e. all Bonds or other Securities which shall have been given for Payment of 0 0 s‘

the Rents reserved by any Leases respectively, and for the Performance of the Covenants and Agreements in such Leases contained on the respec* tive Lessees Part, shall respectively continue in force until the respective monthly Days on which the Rents therein respectively reserved shall become payable, and happening next after the Commencement of this Act, on which respective Days the said respective Leases, Bonds, or other Securities aforesaid shall cease and determine, in the same Manner as if such Leases, Bonds, or other Securities had expired by Effluxion of Time (save as to the Obligations, Covenants, or Agreements for Payment of Rent and Performance of Covenants in such Leases, Bonds, or Securities on the respective Lessee’s and Obligor’s Part to be observed and performed during the Continuance of such Leases, Bonds, or Securities by virtue of this Act); and until such Determination of such Leases respectively, the respective Lessees thereof shall be entitled to collect and receive, from the Commencement of this Act, the respective Tolls by this Act granted and made payable.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Lessees of the Difference on said Tolls shall claim to be entitled to any Compensation or Satisfaction vacating for or on account of such Continuance or Determination of his, her, or Leases^how their Lease or Leases as aforesaid, then if the said Trustees and such 10 Jese e Lessee or Lessees cannot agree as to the Amount of such Compensation

or Satisfaction, such Lessee or Lessees may sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so Directing often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered by any how Costs Justice or Justices of the Peace to be paid in pursuance of the Directions and Damages of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His pre- recovered sent Majesty, or of this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfac-

tion for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties en-entitled to receive the same within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall havve been made, stating the Order of such Justices, from any Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the^Directions or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose

1236 4° GEORGII IV. CapAx.

Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be; and such Treasurer shall and he is hereby authorized to retain, out of the first Monies which shall come to his Hands by virtue of this; Act, the Amount of such Costs and Expences so paid by him as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road by this Act authorized to be repaired, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the respective Counties of Leicester and Warwick, within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year b: done and performed upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Tithings, Hamlets,. Districts, Divisions, or Places in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, District, Division, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors; and in order thereunto, the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, District, Division, or Place, shall, on an Order in Writing made by the said Justices on an Application to them by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, and respectively delivered to such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode, bring and deliver within Ten Days afterwards to the said Turnpike Surveyor, or to his Place of Abode, true and perfect Lists in Writing of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, District, Division, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do and perform Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and the said Turnpike Surveyor having received such Lists shall within Five Days afterwards give a Nptice to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the Time when such

Lists

Statute Labour how to be regulated and entorced.

1237

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.

Lists will be laid before the said Justices in order to apportion the said Statute Duty, and at the Time appointed in and by such Notice, the said Lists shall be laid before the Justices by the said Turnpike Surveyor in the Presence of the said Surveyor of the Highways, if he shall attend, and out of such Lists the said Justices respectively shall or may appoint and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Tear upop the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Part or Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, District, Division, or Place for the Time being, to pay over to the said Trustees,* or their Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do and perform such Statute Work or Duty as aforesaid, (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, as his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees) shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, or by any Person employed by him, such Surveyor or other Person is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person so coming to work, or sending such Labourer as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Penalties aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come or send a Labourer, or such Team or Draught, Horse or Beast, had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, Tith-ings, Hamlets, Districts, Divisions, or Places in which the said Road lies, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Otfence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor of Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace tor the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, or either of them, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor of the said Trustees.

[Local.'] 14 L

1238

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lx.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the Twenty-eighth Day of June next alter the passing of this Act, and shall continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyee and Andrew Sthahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxi.

An Act for repairing and amending the Road from the Town of Market Harborough in the County of Leicester to the City of Coventry.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of 28G.2.C. 40. Market Harborough in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth in the said County, to the City of Coventry: And whereas another Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term and altering igG.3. c. 82. and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market Harborough in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth in the said County, to the City of Coventry : And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, 44 G. 3. c, 66. of the Twenty-eighth Tear of King George the Second and the Nineteenth Tear of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough in the County of Leicester to the City of Coventry : And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed at Interest several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on [Local.] 14 M the

1242

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxi.

the said Road, and which Money still remains due and owing, and the said Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor can the Money so borrowed be repaid, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged and the Tolls increased : And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 3G.4. c. 126. An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas it is desirable that the said Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, should be repealed, and that such further Powers and Provisions as are herein-after mentioned should be granted and made for the better Repair and Management of the said Road : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assem-28 G. 2. ami bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts passed 19 and in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and pealed3 re* Nineteenth and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, shall, on the First Day of September next after the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby severally repealed, and instead thereof this Act shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the present Turnpike Road from Market Harborough through Lubbenham, Theddingworth, Husband*s Bos-worth, by North Kilworth, through Walcott, and through the Town of Lutterworth to the Wood Bridge in the Parish of Lutterworth in the County of Leicester, and by the Cross and Hand through Pail ton, Slretton-under-Foss, Brincklow, Comb Lordship and Binley in the County of Warwick, and Stoke in the County of the City of Coventry, to the End of a Causeway near or adjoining to a certain House called the Bowling-green House, known by the Name of Gosford Green Causeway, belonging to the City of Coventry; and this Act and the Term and Tolls hereby granted shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized by the said Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, to be taken on the said Road, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due on the Credit of this Act or of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected.

3 G. 4. to ex- II- And be it further enacted, That the said recked Act passed in the tend to this Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Act. Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Reme-

dies, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

Trustees. W* And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the Counties of Leicester and Warwick respectively, and also Poyntz Owsley Adams, Frederick Adcock, Thomas Arnold, Richard Arnold, John Arthur Arnold, John Banks Clerk, George Bosivortk, Jeremiah

1243

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxi.

miah Brier fey, Henry Bullivant, Francis Burges, Thomas Burnaby Clerk,

Marston Buszard, Robert Otway Cave, Thomas Otway Cave,

Hughes Chamberlain Clerk, John Clarke, John Compton, John Cooke,

Cooper, Thomas Edward Dicey, James Ley Douglass, John Driver, the Honourable Henry Fielding, the Honourable Everard Fielding, Thomas Footman, Jacob Henry Franks, John Goodacre the elder, John Goodacre the younger, William Graham Clerk, Henry Grimes, Henry Hungerford Holditch,

John Benjamin Humfrey, Charles Jervis, John Lucas, Thomas Lucas,

William Lucas, William French Maior, Edmund Maior, Robert Marriott Clerk, John Marriott, James Morpott the elder, James Pickering Ord, William Paddy, Thomas Parsons, George Payne, William Perkins, James Powell Clerk, Edward Power, Henry Shuttleworth, Sir Grey Skipwith Baronet,

Richard Chettfe Smith, Thomas Smith, Francis Paul Stratford, John Tebbs,

George Turvill, Joseph Warden, George Wartnaby, John Wartnaby, James Blick Wood house, Thomas Worthington, Richard Worthington, Thomas Wright, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person hereby appointed or Trustees to who shall hereafter be chosen or appointed a Trustee shall be qualified take an Oath, or capable of becoming and acting as a Trustee in the Execution of

this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath, or (being one of the People called Quakers) the Affirmation following, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same in the Words following j (that is to say),

‘ T do swear [or, being one of the People called

‘ A Quakers, do solemnly affirm], That I will truly, faithfully, and impar-

* tially act in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers reposed in me by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of ‘ His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here insert the

* Title of tlsis Act.] So help me GOD.'

[Or being a Quaker, omit the Words ‘ So help me GOD.’]

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees or any Three or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be appoint addi-held pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act passed in the Third tl0naI Tru8* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to elect, nominate, and appoint tees’

any Number of fit and proper Persons, not exceeding Five, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees assembled at por appo;nt. their first or any subsequent Meeting may, by Writing under their Hands, ing Officers, subject to the Restrictions contained in the said recited Act passed in the

Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, appoint a Clerk or Clerks,

Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and may from lime to Time remove any such Officer or Officers respectively, and on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Officer or Officers, may appoint another or others in his or their stead; and the said Trustees shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries

and

1244 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxi.

and make such Allowances to such Officers, and also to any other Persons employed or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in or about the carrying of this Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

Present Offi-

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every cere to con- Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer (other than the tmue until Treasurer or Treasurers) appointed under and by virtue of the said former elected. Acts or any of them, for or in respect of the said Road hereby directed to be repaired and maintained, shall hold and enjoy such their several and respective Offices and Employments, until removed therefrom by the Trustees for executing this Act; and each and every such Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer, shall have the like Power and Authority for the Purposes of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties, and to the like Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he had been appointed by virtue of this Act.

Treasurers,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they &c. to give are hereby required to take sufficient Security from the Treasurer or

Security. Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, or other such

Officers to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices, and no Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, or other such Officer, shall be permitted to enter upon and continue in such their Offices respectively unless they shall have given such Security.

Books, &c.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or have relative to been employed or who have received any Tolls or other Money on tobedelivered account of said Road by virtue of the said Acts, or who have or to the Trus- shall have 'n their Custody or Possesion any Money, Books, Accounts, tees. Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to the said Road, shall

account for, pay, and deliver over the same and every Part thereof to the Trustees in and by this Act named and appointed, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as the several Collectors or other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of this Act may be required to pay or account for the same.

Arrears and X. And be it further enacted, That all Arrears of Tolls or Rents or Property be- other Monies due to, and Property Real or Personal, and all Choses in and former^Trus ^*o^rs of Action, either at Law or in Equity, vested in the Trustees under teeTvestetHn the said tecited Acts of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King the Trustees George the Second, and the Nineteenth and Forty-fourth Years of the named in this Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, or any of them, shall Act- immediately on the Commencement of this Act be vested in the Trustees

named in or to be elected and appointed by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, who shall be and they are hereby enabled to receive and take possession of the same, and for that Purpose to cause to be commenced and prosecuted all Actions and Suits at Law or in Equity, and to act in respect thereof as effectually as if the same had become due to or had been vested in them under and by virtue of this Act, or of the said Act passed

1245

4° GEORGII IV, Cap,lxi.

passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; or such Arrears of Tolls or Rents or other Monies so due to the Trustees under the said recited Acts hereby repealed as aforesaid by virtue of any Deed or Specialty, shall or may be sued for and recovered in the Name of the Trustee or Trustees to or with whom such Deed or Specialty shall have been so made or entered into, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, at the Option or Election of the Trustees named in or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or of the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and all the Costs to be incurred by the Trustees or Persons in whose Names such Proceedings shall be had, shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and the Monies when recovered shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Books and Book of Proceedings which may have been kept by the Trustees acting in the Execution of the Acts hereby repealed, or by their Treasurer or Clerk under their Direction, according to the Provisions of such Acts, and also the Book or Books to be kept for the Purposes of this Act, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts, and by all Judges, Justices, and others; and also that all Conveyances, Assurances, Mortgages, and Securities, and all Deeds, Bonds, Contracts, and Agreements, granted, made, or entered into under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts or any of them, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as the same respectively would have been in case the said recited Acts had remained unrepealed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall think proper, to continue all and every or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates and Toll Houses now standing and being in and upon or across the said Road, or on the Sides thereof, except as hereinafter mentioned, and also, subject to the Regulations contained in the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to erect and set up or build, or cause to be erected, set up, and built, upon, in, or across the said Road hereby directed to be maintained, repaired, and amended, or any Part thereof, or upon or across the Entrance to any Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same or any Part thereof, when, where, and as they shall judge necessary, any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Bar or Side Bars or Gates, Chain or Chains, and also one or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with Outbuildings and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Toll Gate, and to take in and inclose on the Sides of the said Road suitable Garden Spots to such Toll House or Toll Houses, not exceeding One-eighth Part of an Acre each, as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to take down and remove or to alter and discontinue the same, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and direct or appoint.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, subject to

[ZW.] 14* the

FormerBooks to be Evidence, and Mortgages, &c. under old Acts to be valid.

continue and erect Toll Gates.

Power to remove Toll Gates.

1246 4° GEORGII IV. CapM.

the Regulations and Restrictions in this Act and in the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively contained, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars or Chains already erected, or which shall be continued or erected in or upon or across or on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road by virtue of this Act, to be removed to and erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of such other Part or Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees assembled at a general or adjourned Meeting shall from Time to Time order and direct.

Spittal Side

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein ■Gate to be contained shall extend or be construed to extend to empower the said discontinued. Trustees to continue the Side Gate called the Spittal Gate, now standing across a Lane in the Road leading from Banbury to Lutterworth, or to erect any other Side Gate, Bar, or Chain across the said Lane in lieu thereof, or to erect or cause to be erected any Toll Gate, Bar, or Chain across any Part of the said Road hereby directed to be repaired, lying between the said Side Gate and the Town of Lutterworth, being a Distance of about Five hundred Yards.

Lamps to be

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for lighted at the said Trustees from Time to Time to order and direct one or more loll Houses. jLamp or Lamps to be placed and erected on or against or in front of each and every of the Toll Houses to be continued or erected by virtue of this Actj as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and also to order and direct at what Times of the Year and during what Hours such Lamps or any of them shall be kept lighted; and all and every Toll Collectors and Collector appointed by the said Trustees, and also all and every Lessees or Farmers, Lessee or Farmer, of the Tolls authorized by this Act to be taken and collected, and all and every Persons and Person appointed by any such Lessees or Farmers, Lessee or Farmer, who shall neglect or omit to observe and fulfil the Orders of the said Trustees in respect to the keeping and lighting of such Lamps, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Neglect or Omission.

Power to sell

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said the present Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses Toll Houses. £rcctecj Upon the said Road by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Apputenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same, and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trusts and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application y of

1247

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxi.

of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Person or Persons whose Land may adjoin any such Toll Houses, as is by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Overplus Land or Old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold or disposed of.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed Collector or Collectors take by virtue of this Act or of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to demand and take the several Tolls following (subject to the Restrictions in this Act and the last-mentioned Act contained) at each and every or any of the Toll Gates erected or to be erected upon the said Road or on the Sides thereof, or on the Side of any Street, Road, or Way leading into or out of the said Road, once a Day and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night j that is to say.

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Draught drawing any Chaise Tolls. Marine, Coach, Landau, Landaulet, Berlin, Barouche, Barouchet, Sociable,

Chariot, Calash, Hearse, Break, Chaise, Curricle, Gig, or other such like Carriage, where the same shall be drawn by more than One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For a single Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Draught drawing any Carriage of the Description aforesaid, or any Chair, Taxed Cart, Market Cart, or other Cart for Conveyance of Passengers, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Four-wheeled Carriage fixed in any Manner to any other Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence j and for every Two-wheeled Carriage so fixed, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches and upwards at the Bottom or Soles thereof, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Four Inches and an Half and less than Six Inches at the Bottom or Soles thereof, the Sum of Sixpence Farthing:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Four Inches and an Half at the Bottom or Soles thereof, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny:

For every Drug so constructed as that the Distance between the Axle-trees thereof, measured at the Ends, is more than Nine Feet, and laden otherwise than with a single Piece or Block of Timber or Stone, over and above the Toll payable for the Horses or Beasts drawing the same, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For

1248

Tolls to be paid before Cattle pass the Gate.

Limiting the Number of Tolls.

StageCoaches and Post Chaises.

Application of the Tolls and Money

rowed.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxi.

For every Ox, Cow, or Head of Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Sheep, Lamb, or Swine, the Sum of One Farthing:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny.

And the said respective Tolls shall, subject to the Restrictions in this Act and in the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, be permitted to pass through any Toll Gate erected or to be erected or continued on the said Road by virtue of this Act, or in, upon, or across any Lane, Street, or Bye-way leading into the same.

XVilL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no more than Four full Tolls on the whole Line of Road shall be demanded or taken of or from any Person or Persons for or in respect of the same Horse or Horses or other Beast or Cattle, or Carriage or Carriages as aforesaid, in any One Day, such Day to be computed as aforesaid, for passing and repassing through any of the said Toll Gates or Toll Bars erected or continued or to be erected or continued on the said Road.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing any Stage Coach for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Road on the same Day; and the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing any Post Chaise, or other such like Carriage let out to Hire, for every Time of passing along the said Road whenever any new Hiring thereof shall be made.

XX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already received by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them and now in the Treasurer’s Hands, or out of the first Money which shall arise or be received from the Tolls, Mortgages, or otherwise by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees shall first pay and discharge all the Costs, Charges, and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act j secondly, the Costs and Expences of keeping in repair the said Road; thirdly, the Interest of the Principal Monies already borrowed by virtue of the said former Acts or any of them, or which by virtue of and under the Powers of this Act, or of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, may be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable j fourthly, the Costs and Expences of widening, varying, altering, turning, improving, and rendering commodious the said Road, and otherwise putting this Act and the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty in Execution; and lastly, the Principal Monies already borrowed by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or to be borrowed by virtue of this Act or of the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.hu. 1249

XXI. And whereas divers Creditors on the said Road may have lost Where old or mislaid the Mortgages or Assignments of the Tolls executed by the bst ^ew Trustees for securing to him, her, or them the Principal Money lent on ones may be the Credit of the said Acts hereby repealed or the Tolls thereby granted executed, with Interest for the same, or the Transfers of such Mortgages or Assignments, and it is reasonable that in Cases where it can be proved to the Satisfaction of the Trustees that any Person is truly and bond fide entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money secured on the Tolls granted by the said last-mentioned Acts or any of them, although they cannot produce the said Mortgage Security, that another Assignment of the Tolls hereby granted shall be executed for securing the Repayment of the Money now due on the said Mortgage Security of the said Acts or the Tolls thereby granted; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees for executing this Act, in any Case where it shall appear, by the Books kept by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, or by any other satisfactory Evidence adduced at any Meeting of the said Trustees, that any Person or Persons is or are a Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls granted by the said Acts hereby repealed or any of them, and that the Mortgage or Assignment of the Tolls for securing any such Sum or Sums of Money, or the Transfer thereof, has been lost, mislaid, or by Accident destroyed, in every such Case to execute, at the Expence of the Person or Persons applying for the same, an Assignment of the Tolls by this Act granted, for the Sum or Sums of Money mentioned in such original Assignment or Transfer; and every such Assignment to be executed by the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall be valid and effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Trustees to Trustees shall turn or alter any Part or Parts of the present Road, or fence the make any new Road over and through any private Grounds, or shall take Road* away any Fence for widening the said Road, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made and planted proper Quickset Hedges or Fences on both Sides of such new made Road, or on the Side upon which any such Fence may be so removed as aforesaid, with sufficient Ditches to the same, and a sufficient Post and Rail or other Fence to protect the Growth thereof, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the said Road, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches where necessary, out of the said Road into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep such Fences so to be made in good Order and Repair for and during the Term of Seven Years from the Time that such Fences shall have been made or set up, unless the Owner or Proprietor for the Time being of any such Land or Ground shall agree with the Trustees to keep such Fences in Repair from any earlier Period,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person has made or porre caused to be made, or shall make or cause to be made, any Building, or Encroach-'"* any Hedge or other Fence on or at the Sides of the said Road, in such raents. Manner as to reduce the Breadth or confine the Limits thereof, or shall fill up or obstruct any Ditch at the Side thereof, or shall have made or caused to be made any Building, or any Hedge or other Fence on any Common or Waste Land on the Side or Sides of the said Road, or shall have made or caused to be made, or shall make or cause to be made, any ILocal.'} 14 0 other

1250

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.hd.

other Encroachment on the said Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence Forty Shillings to such Person as shall make Information of the same; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause such Building, Hedge, Ditch, or Fence, or other Encroachment, to be taken down or filled up, at the Expence of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong; and it shall and may be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County where such Offence shall be committed, upon Proof thereof to him or them made upon Oath, to levy as well the Expences of taking down or filling up such Building, Hedges, Ditches, or other Encroachments as aforesaid, as the several and respective Penalties hereby imposed, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner on Demand.

As to present

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Demises or Leases of the Tof"s Tolls arising on the said Road by this Act authorized to be repaired, and •all Bonds or other Securities which shall have been given for Payment of the Rents reserved by such Leases respectively, and for the Performance of the Covenants and Agreements in such Leases contained on the respective Lessee’s Part, shall respectively continue in force until the respective monthly Days on which the Rents therein respectively reserved shall become payable, and happening next after the Commencement of this Act, on which respective Days the said respective Leases, Bonds, or other Securities aforesaid shall cease and determine, in the same Manner as if such Leases, Bonds, or other Securities had expired by Effluxion of Time (save as to the Obligations, Covenants, or Agreements for Payment of Rent and Performance of Covenants in such Leases, Bonds, or Securities, on the respective Lessee’s or Obligor’s Part to be observed and performed during the Continuance of such Leases, Bonds, or Securities, by virtue of this Act); and until such Determination of such Leases respectively, the respective Lessees thereof shall be entitled to collect and receive, from the Commencement of this Act, the respective Tolls by this Act granted and made payable.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Lessees of the said Tolls shall claim to be entitled to any Compensation or Satisfaction for or on account of such Continuance or Determination of his 01 their Lease or Leases as aforesaid, then if the said Trustees and such Lessee or Lessees cannot agree as to the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction, such Lessee or Lessees may sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered by any

are to^be^8 ^ust*ce or Justices Peace to be paid in pursuance of the Directions of covered.6 recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, or of this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties 4 entitled

Differences in vacating Leases how to be settled.

Directing how Costs

1251

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxi.

entitled to receive the same within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justices, from any Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Directions or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be, and such Treasurer shall and he is hereby authorized to retain, out of the first Monies which shall come to his Hands by virtue of this Act, the Amount of such Costs and Expences so paid by him as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are statute La-or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable bour how to towards repairing and amending the said Road by this Act authorized to be regulated be repaired, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall still remain liable thereto and enforced in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the respective Counties of Leicester and Warwick within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said;

Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done and performed upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Tithings,

Hamlets, Districts, Divisions, or Places in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet,

District, Division, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors; and in order thereunto the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, District, Division, or Place, shall, on an Order in Writing made by the said Justices on an Application to them by the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, and respectively delivered to such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode, bring and deliver within Ten Days afterwards to the said Turnpike Surveyor, or to his Place of Abode, true and perfect Lists in Writing of the L^ames of the several Persons who, within such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet,

District,

1252

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxi.

District, Division, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do and perform Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and the said Turnpike Surveyor having received such Lists shall, within Five Days afterwards, give a Notice to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the Time when such Lists will be laid before the said Justices in order to apportion the said Statute Duty; and at the Time appointed in and by such Notice the said Lists shall be laid before the Justices by the said Turnpike Surveyor, in the Presence of the said Surveyor of the Highways, if he shall attend; and out of such Lists the said Justices respectively shall or may appoint and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times, (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Part or Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint j and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, District, Division, or Place for the Time being, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do and perform such Statute Work or Duty as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways$ and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, or by any Person employed by him, such Surveyor or other Person is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person so coming to work or sending such Labourer as aforesaid shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Penalties aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come or send a Labourer, or such Team or Draught, Horse or Beast, had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for any of the said Parishes, Townships, Tithings, Hamlets, Districts, Divisions, or Places in which the said Road lies, shall refuse or

wilfully

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxi. 1253

wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly Or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Leicester and Warwick or either of them, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor of the said Trustees.

XXVIII. And whereas in the said Act, passed in the Nineteenth Repeal of

Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, I9G. 3. not hereby repealed, it is recited, that the Trustees for putting in Execution the Wg

Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Exchange. King George the Second had, for the Accommodation of the Public, changed

the Course of the said Road, and carried the same across a Close called Woodhill Close in the Parish of Brincklow, the Property of Edward Lord Leigh a Lunatic, whereby a small Part of the said Close, containing One Acre One Rood and Twenty-eight Perches, was separated from his other Lands, and was become of little Value to the Occupier thereof, and reciting that William Lord Craven, who was one of the Committees of the Person and Estate of the said Edward Lord Leigh, had agreed to give a certain Parcel of Ground of equal Value, containing One Acre Three Roods and Twenty-four Perches, Part of a Field called Blether Field within the Liberties of Combe Abbey, the Property of the said Lord Craven, and adjoining to other Lands belonging to the said Lord Leigh, in exchange for the said Piece of Ground so separated as aforesaid from the said Woodhill Close, which Exchange would be for the Benefit o'f the said Lord Leigh; and the Honourable Mary I^eigh, the other of the Committees oi the Person and Estate of the said Lord Leigh, had consented thereto; it was therefore enacted, that from and after the passing of the said Act the said Piece of Ground, containing One Acre Three Roods and Twenty-four Perches, should be and was thereby vested in and should for ever remain the Property of the said Edward Lord Leigh, his Heirs and Assigns; and that the said Piece of Ground, containing One Acre One Rood and Twenty-eight Perches, should be and was thereby vested in and should for ever be and remain the Property of the said William Lord Craven, his Heirs and Assigns $ be it therefore further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect the Exchange so made as aforesaid, but the same shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third had not been hereby repealed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken puyjc ^ct. to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

1254 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixi.

Commence-

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the ment and Day of September next after the passing of this Act, and shall con-

of this Act tinue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, mid from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Stkaiian, Pi-inters to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

J

'SO

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford to Cartgate in Martock, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act 1 G. 3. c. 29.

for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford to Cartgate in Martock, in the County of Somerset: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enlarging 23G.3. c. 96. the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the First Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled ‘ An Act for repairing and widening the Roads

* from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford to Cartgate in Martock, in the County of Somerset :* And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act 43 G.3. c. 26. for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two several Acts passed in the First and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford to Cartgate in Martock, in the County of Somerset; and also for repairing and

Cap. lxii.

Somerset.

[23d May 1823.]

>4 Q

widening

1258

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxii.

widening the Roads from a Place called Hurst Bow in Martock aforesaid, through a Common Meadow called Petherton Broadmead, and thence through the Parishes of South Petherton, Shepton Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Ilminster to Langport, and from South Petherton aforesaid, through Part of the several Parishes of South Petherton and Lopen, to Whitecross in the said Parish of Lopen, all in the said County of Somerset: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of 3 G. 4. c. 126. the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the Three first recited Acts have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have made great Progress in amending, widening, and improving the said Roads, for which Purpose they have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted and continued, which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless the Term granted and continued by the said Acts be further continued; and it would be more convenient if the said Three first-recited Acts were repealed, and other Powers and Provisions granted instead thereof; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Three first- by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts passed in the First, -- A- Twenty-third, and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that this Act shall commence and take effect in lieu and instead thereof, and shall be put in execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford to Cartgate in Martock in the County of Somerset; and also the Roads from a Place called Hurst Bow in Martock aforesaid, through a Common Meadow called Petherton Broadmead, and thence through the Parishes of South Petherton, Shepton Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Ilminster to Langport, and from South Petherton aforesaid, through Part of the several Parishes of South Petherton and Lopen, to Whitecross in the said Parish of Lopen, all in the said County of Somerset.

This Act liable to the Payment of Money borrowed under the recited Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and the Tolls hereby granted, shall and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties arising upon the said respective Roads, and of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of the said last recited Act and of this Act, and all Interest due and to grow due for the same respectively.

Extending the Powers of the Act 3G.4c. 126. to this Act.

> HI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Remedies, Penalties, Exemptions, Matters and Things, contained in the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty,

1259

4° GEORGII IV. CajB.lxii.

jesty, shall extend, and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend to this Act, in as full, large, and ample a Manner, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same respectively were repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act, save and except where the same are or any Part thereof is expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Bonds, Agree-

and Securities, made or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with ments, &c. any of the Trustees for executing the said Three first recited Acts, accord- Acts

ing to the Provisions and Directions thereof respectively, shall remain in to be good full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of under this Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed j and all Act. Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, and Securities, duly made or entered into by the Trustees for executing the said Acts hereby repealed, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees for executing this Act and the said last recited Act, and be observed and kept by them according to the Terms and Stipulations and Tenor thereof respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Books containing the Accounts Books used and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said Three first-recited unc*er former Acts, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in Evidence? all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not

been repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of Trustees, the Peace acting for the said County of Somerset, together with Thomas Adams, William Adams, John A rut ice, Samuel Anstice, Samuel Axe,

William Ball, Henry Bennett Clerk, John Bicknell, Sealy Bridge, Henry

Cary, Thomas Cary, Joseph Chaffey, James Daniel, George Drewe, John Baker Edmonds, John Baker Edmofids the younger, Robert Goodden, William Harding, Robert Hillard, Robert Leach, Charles Hutchins Lewis, John Lilly,

Charles Liddon, Burchall Peren, Thomas Richards, John Whitehead Richards,

William Haggett Richards, William Richards, George Slade, George Slade the younger, John Staple, John Tatchell Tatchell, Richard Toller, Joseph Vaux, John Potenger Westcote, John Baker Westcote, William Cole Wood,

William Wood Clerk, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby declared to be the Trustees for carrying into execution the said last-recited Act and this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of Trustees to acting as a Trustee for putting the said last-recited Act and this Act in take an Oath Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the trul- j° xe" said last-recited Act is directed and prescribed, and unless (being so quali- ’ e 16 c s' fied) he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering

the Oath mentioned in the said last-recited Act, and the Oath hereinafter mentioned), take and subscribe, before any one or more of the said Trustees, an Oath, or being a Quaker, an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do affirm], That I will truly, Oath.

* A honestly, and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment,

‘ execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed

‘ in

1260 4" GEORG II IV. Cap.Mi.

* in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of 1 the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, izfc. ‘ [here insert the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third ‘ Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the 4 general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part 4 of Great Britain called England. So help me GOD.

Which Oath or Affirmation any one or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said last-recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Acts and Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

Power to

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the appoint addi- said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby autho-tional Trus- rized and empowered, at their First Meeting to be holden in pursuance of tees- this Act, to elect any Number of Persons not exceeding Five in the whole,

to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act and the said last-recited Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees so elected, and being qualified according to the Directions of the said last-recited Act and this Act, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this and the said last-recited Act as if they had been hereby nominated and appointed.

Officers un-

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who der the for- have been employed, or who shall have received any Tolls or other Money mer Acts to by virtue or in pursuance of the said Three first-recited Acts, or who shall the°Tru8tees kave *n Custody or Possessionany Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, for executing or Things relating to the said Roads, shall account, pay, and deliver over this Act. the same to the said Trustees, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as are herein-before inflicted in respect to the several Persons receiving any Monies, or having the Possession of any Books, Writings, or other Things, by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the first Meeting of the said Trustees shall be held at the House known by the Sign of The George, or at some other convenient House or Place in the Parish of Martock in the said County of Somerset, on the Second Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be; at which Meeting the said Trustees shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and a Clerk or Clerks, and also a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and of all the Monies to be collected, or which shall or may be due and payable under or by virtue of the said recited

First Meeting of Trustees, and Power to appoint Offi-

1261

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. lxii.

recited Acts and this Act, and shall likewise appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and that they the said Trustees shall and may from Time to Time remove all such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, when and as often as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others in their Stead, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper; and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Tolls and other Monies to be collected and received under or by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, make such Allowance by way of Salaries or otherwise, unto the Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers so to be appointed, for and in Consideration of the Care and Pains by them respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful Treasurer for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has and Clerk been or maybe appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, uot to^e t,ie or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or sanie erson* other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or

Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Collector of the old Officers Tolls, Surveyor, and other Officer and Officers, nominated and appointed may continue under and by virtue of the said Three first recited Acts hereby repealed, unt‘l others (save and except the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees), shall ar.e aPP°'nt" hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments, 6

until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees; and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he or they had been nominated or appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

14 XIII. And

1262

Power to continue the present Gates, or to erect others.

Power to sell the present Toll Houses.

Power to take Tolls.

Tolls-

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxii.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and ’ may continue the several Turnpike Gates which now stand across or on the Sides of the said Roads, or from Time to Time remove the same or any of them, and set up and erect, in lieu thereof and in addition thereto. One or more Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the Roads directed by this Act to be amended and repaired, as they the said Trustees may deem expedient; and may also set up and erect a Toll House to each such Turnpike, with suitable Conveniences thereto; and may also inclose from the said Roads, or from any Common or Waste Land immediately adjoining such Toll Houses, convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses respectively, as they the said Trustees may judge proper, not exceeding in the whole One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre to or for each Toll House, and the said Trustees may cause all or any of such Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, and set up again, or altered, in such Place or Places across or on the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall judge proper.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed on the said Roads to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by Public Auction or Private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Tolls following shall be demanded, taken, collected, and paid at the several and respective Gates or Turnpikes which have been or shall hereafter be erected in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Chariot,

Berlin, Landau, Hearse, Chaise, Chair, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other

Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence : io

For

1263

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.hax.

For every Ox, Steer, Gale, or Bull, drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number : And,

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Swine, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said Tolls, and also the Tolls granted by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and the same and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the same Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Nonpayment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, and Restrictions as are contained in the said last recited Act; but subject nevertheless to the Exemptions, Provisions, and Regulations therein and in this Act contained.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Tolls to be be liable to pay Toll more than once in the same Day (to be computed Pa^but once from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the a ay‘ next succeeding Night) for passing and repassing with the same Horses,

Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages through all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates maintained and supported by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act; but that all and every Person and Persons, after having paid Toll once as aforesaid, and producing a Note or Ticket, or Notes or Tickets, denoting the Payment of such Toll, shall afterwards pass with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages Toll-free during such Day, to be computed as aforesaid, through all and every the Gate and Gates,

Turnpike and Turnpikes, erected on the said Roads or across any Road or Way leading out of the same (except as herein-after mentioned); and all the respective Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver such Notes or Tickets gratis, on Receipt of the Toll in manner aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in re- Stage spect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or other Coaches, Ca-Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Pas- pVan?’ and sengers or Goods iov Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have to°pay every been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turn- Time of pass-pike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing ing-through such Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before

paid; and the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise and other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads on the same Day, with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That out of any Money now in the Application Hands of the said Trustees, or out of the First Money arising by the Tolls of the Tolls, hereby granted, or out of such Money as shall be borrowed on the Credit

thereof, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall, in the first Place, pay and discharge all the Expences and Costs of procuring and

passing

1264

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxii.

passing this Act, in the Proportions and Manner herein-after mentioned; and shall apply the Remainder of the Monies so raised in erecting Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and repairing, widening, and amending the said Roads, and defraying the necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the same and the Execution of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Security for Sums borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls on the respective Roads.

A separate Account to be kept relating to the Two Roads.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money heretofore borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, on account of the aforesaid Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called ford to Cartgate in Martock aforesaid, and which are now due and owing, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed on account of the same last-mentioned Roads under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall, together with lawful Interest for the same respectively, be secured upon the Tolls to arise upon or from such last-mentioned Roads; and that all and every Sum and Sums of Money heretofore borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, on account of the said Roads from Hurst Bow in Martock aforesaid, through a Common Meadow called Petherton Broadmead, and thence through the Parishes of South Petherton, Shepton Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Ilminster to Langport, and from South Petherton aforesaid, through Part of the several Parishes of South Petherton and Lopen to White-cross, in the said Parish of Lopen, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed under the Authority of the said last recited Act and this Act, or either of them, on account of the said last-mentioned Roads, shall, together with lawful Interest for the same respectively, be charged and secured upon the Tolls to arise upon or from the said last-mentioned Roads.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls which shall from Time to Time respectively arise upon or from the said Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford to Cartgate in Martock, and the said Roads from a Place called Hurst Bow in Martock aforesaid, through a Common Meadow called Petherton Broadmead, and thence through the Parishes of South Petherton, Shepton Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Ilminster to Langport, and from South Petherton aforesaid, through Pari of the several Parishes of South Petherton and Lopen to White-cross in the said Parish of Lopen, shall be applied and disposed of on account of the said respective Roads from whence such Tolls shall severally arise; and that the Clerk to the said Trustees shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the Monies expended in respect of the said Roads respectively, to the end that such separate Application and Disposition may be duly observed and effected.

Exemptions

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of from Toll by this Act, no Person shall be charged with or compellable to pay any of t is et. the Tolls made payable by the said last recited Act or this Act, or either of them, for any Waggon or other Carriage, Horse or other Cattle or Beast, drawing or not drawing, which shall be used and employed only in the Carriage of or going empty or unladen for or returning empty or

unladen

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lm. 126$

unladen after having carried any Lime for manuring, any Stone for draining, any Wood Bars or Rails for fencing, or any Corn or Grain for sowing of any Garden Land or Ground situate within any or either of the said Parishes through which the aforesaid Roads or any of them pass; or for any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or other Beast employed in the Carriage of Milk, or going empty or unladen for, or returning empty or unladen after having carried the same within any or either of the said Parishes though which the aforesaid Roads or any of them pass, or for any Horse, Cattle, or other Beast going or returning to or from Pasture or Watering within any or either of such Parishes, and not going out of the same; any thing in the said last recited Act or this Act, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Per- Trustees may son or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or ap- contract lor point, shall and may and they and he are and is hereby empowered to

contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, diverting, widen- the Roads.3 ing, repairing, or otherwise improving the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of the' said last recited Act and this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Trustees shall think proper; and that all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, Surveyor or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the same, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Powers Houses, &c. and Authorities hereby and by the said last recited Act given or granted not to be in-shall not extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower j,red-

the said Trustees, in repairing and widening the said Roads, to take or pull down, injure or damage, any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are Regulations or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable to- as to Per-wards repairing and amending the said Roads or any Part thereof, shall formance of still remain liable thereunto, in like manner as heretofore j and it shall be £atJ*te lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of °r ‘ Somerset, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application

made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk of Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes,

Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads do lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in {Local,'] 14 S lieu

1266

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxii.

lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Thirty Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over tp the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wholly neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for 9* every

1267

4" GEORGII IV. Cap.hoi-

every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds j and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often °[ent

as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the sation for said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty Materials, or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Mate- Damages or rials or Costs, or for any Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees or any Person or Per- Trustees, &c. sons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money the same to shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have the Goojs of been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices from the Clerk to such Trustees the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order or their made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of Treasurer, such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials,

Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that the said Treasurer shall and may retain, out of any Monies which may come into his Hands in pursuance of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Paying Ex-Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, pences of this shall be paid and discharged by the said Trustees out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts or any or either of them, or out of the first Monies to be borrowed or to arise by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, or either of them, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever, but in the Proportions following; (that is to say,) Two-third Parts of such Costs, Charges, and Expences out of the Monies arising or to be borrowed out of or on account of the original Roads comprised in the said Two first recited Acts, and the remaining One-third Part thereof out of the Monies arising or to be borrowed out of or on account of the new or additional Branches of Roads comprised in the said Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third.

1268 4° GEORGII IV. Cap.hai.

[Public Act.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commencement and and take effect from the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in

of Act"1*1"16 force anc* be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

iMi iMHii (M

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road from Lutterworth to Market Har-borough, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town 4-1 G. 9. of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lutterworth to Market Harborough, in the Counties of I.eicester and Northampton: And whereas the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Act have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, and is now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Road, which Money cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless some of the Powers of the said Act be altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased : And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for SG.i. regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; c* 126* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

14 T

present

1270

Act repealed, and this Act to be put in force.

Powers of 3 G.4-. c. 126. extended to this Act.

New Term and Tolls liable to Debts, &c.

Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxiii.

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, the said Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be repealed, and instead thereof this Act shall be put into Execution for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair the Turnpike Road hereinafter described.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed, and are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said Act cn the said Road, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls granted by this Act; and all and every Person and Persons who may owe or be subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees of the said Road, or to any other Person or Persons for the Benefit of the said Trust, shall be liable to the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants, and Agreements, Contracts, and Securities entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees of the said Road, either in their own Names or in the Name of their Treasurer, or any of them, according to the Provisions and Directions of the said recited Act, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity until the same are fully satisfied and performed, on account and for the Benefit of the Trust created by this Act; and all Contracts or Agreements duly made or entered into by the Trustees of the said Road, or their Treasurer on their Behalf as aforesaid, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees for executing this Act, according to the Terms or Stipulations thereof respectively, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said recited Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the Counties of Warwick and Leicester respectively, together with Richard Rouse Bloxam, John Sleath and William Pearson, Doctors in Divinity; Robert Marriott, John Marriott, John Thomas Parker, Robert Beresford Podmore, John Wise, Henry Wise, William Birch, Philip Homer, George Leggin, Edward Evans, James Hoare, Christopher Moore, Thomas Smith, Thomas Hughes Chamberlain, Thomas Belgrave, John Lindsay, Charles Alleyne Anstey, and John Venourf

Clerks t

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxiii. 1271

Clerks; Sir Theophilus Biddulph and Sir Trevor Wheler, Baronets;

William Chambers, Henry Grimes, Abraham Hume, George Wharton Marriott, John ShucJcburgh, Edward Vernon, John Caldecott, Abraham Caldecott, Richard Tawney, Thomas Walker, William Butlin, George Wall, Thomas Wall, George Henry Arnold, Robert Otway Cane, John Goodacre, Mars ton Buszard, Abraham Turner, William Luck, John Compton, Charles Bucknill, Samuel Bucknill, William Sutton, Joseph Smith, Thomas Sutton, Philip Williams, Thomas Voile, John Dr ay son,

John Floyd, Thomas Clarke, and John Townsend, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing-, altering, widening, and improving the present Turnpike Road from the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, through the Parishes of Rugby and Clifton-upon-Dunmore, in the County of Warwick, and through the Parishes or Lordships of Catthorp, Swinford, Stanford-upon-Avon, Westrill,

South Kilworth, and North Kilworth, in the County of Leicester, to the Turnpike Road between Lutterworth and Market Harborough, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton; and for carrying into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (of which Meeting, appoint ad-and of the Purpose thereof, Fourteen Days Notice shall be given, as is Trustees directed by the said last recited Act respecting the Appointment of Trustees on Vacancies), to elect, nominate, and appoint any Number of fit Persons, not exceeding Five, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed; and such Trustees so elected and appointed shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said last recited Act and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed by this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Trustees to be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution be sworn-unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and prescribed, and unless being so qualified he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee, (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, and the Oath or Affirmation hereinafter mentioned), take and subscribe before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath or Affirmation following; that is to say,

I A‘ B. do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do , affirm,] That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities,

, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee, by virtue of an Act passed in t the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, t intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled [here set forth the Title of the General Turnpike Act.~\

'So help me GOD.’

And

1272

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Xxm.

And if any Person shall act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue foF the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath or Affirmation by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath or Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at some Place in the Town of Rugby and County of Warwick, on the Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and proceed to put the said last recited Act and this Act into Execution.

Appointing

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they Officers, Sa- are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint such lanes, &c. Collector or Collectors of the Tolls arising on the said Road, and Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as the said Trustees shall think necessary; and such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove, and on Removal, Death, or Resignation of any such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, or other Officers, to appoint others in their Stead; and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any of the Monies arising by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, to allow and pay to the several Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting them or any of them in or about the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Services, as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Clerk, Surveyor, and all other Officers (except the Treasurer) who have been appointed under and employed in the Execution of the said former Act hereby repealed, shall respectively continue to exercise their Offices under this Act, until they shall respectively die, resign, or be displaced, or be removed by the said Trustees, or be incapable of executing them, and shall be subject to the like Rules and Regulations, and Pains and Penalties, in all respects whatsoever, as if they had been appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

Former Officers to continue

easurer X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be 1 Cl,erkh lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons ne Person? ^as been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxiii. 1273

Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees j and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or have been Books, &c. employed, or who have received any Tolls or other Money on account relative to of the said Road, or who have or shall have in their Custody or Pos- ^r"’e(1JcAcU session, any Money, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other ]iveretl ro Things relating to the Road by this Act directed to be improved and re- the Trustees paired, shall account for and pay and deliver over the same and every under this Part thereof to the Trustees in and by this Act named and appointed, in Act‘ like Manner and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures as the several Collectors and other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of this Act are by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, required to pay or account for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books Books used containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing under former the said recited Act, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or Ac*to he entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be Evi ence* given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Act had not been repealed.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are Power to hereby authorized to continue all or any of the Toll Gates, Toll Bars, and contim,'e »"‘l Toll Houses which have been erected in, upon, or across any Part of the GaT^T* II said Road by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed, and shall and may Houses, &c erect or cause to be erected such and so many other Toll Gates, Toll Bars, and Toll Houses, Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, in, upon, or across any Part of the said Road, and also in, upon, and across such Parts and in such Places of the said Road by this Act directed to be widened, improved, or kept in repair, and also such and so many Toll Gate or Toll Gates, or Toll Bars, on the Sides of the said Road, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and expedient; and also shall or may erect [Local.'] 14 U or

1274

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixiii.

or provide a Toll House with suitable Buildings, a Garden and other Conveniences, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre of Land, at or near each of the said Toll Gates or Toll Bars.

Power to

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said sel1 U'e .Pre" Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses, Houses erected by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed on the said Road to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given, where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

Trustees restrained from pulling down Dwelling Houses without Consent of the Owners.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House, or other Building, or any Part thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by virtue of this Act Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take the several Tolls following, at the Toll Gates or Toll Bars, or Toll Gate or Toll Bar, or Side Gate or Side Bar already erected by virtue of the said Act upon the said Road to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and which by virtue of this Act shall be continued or erected in, upon, or across any Part of the said Road, and across or on the Side of any Street, Lane, Road, or Way leading into or out of any Part of the said Road, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say),

Tolls. For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Barouche, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, Gig, Hearse, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray,

Car,

1275

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxiii.

Car, Cart, Sledge, or other such like Carnage, the Sum of Threepence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Score of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence;

and so in proportion for any greater or less Number; and,

For every Score of Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

And the said respective Tolls shall (subject to the Restrictions Tolls to be and Exemptions in the said last recited Act and this Act contained) be P:,u'. J,e^e demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, or other Beast, Coach,1 Waggon, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, or Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, be permitted to pass through any Toll Gate or Toll Bar erected or to be erected or continued upon the said Road by virtue of this Act, or in, upon, or across any Lane, Street, or Way leading into the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Tolls by the Tolls to be said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act authorized to be taken, shall be vested in the said Trustees, and the same and every Part thereof shall be levied, collected, paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned in Manner directed by the said last mentioned Act and this Act.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be Tolls to be subject or liable to the Payment of Toll more than once for passing and but

repassing on the same Day (such Day to be computed in manner afore- ‘ ‘ }'

said) through all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be continued or erected

by virtue of this Act, with the same Horses or other Cattle; and such Person producing a Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll shall be permitted to pass and repass during such Day with the same Horses or other Cattle, Toll-free, through all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates upon the said Road.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect Stage of all Horses drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Coaches,&c. Caravan, or other Stage Carriage, carrying Passengers or Goods for Time^o?0*1 Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and passing, which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat, and that the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Postchaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Road on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll shall be de- Exemption manded or taken by virtue of this Act for any Horse, Beast, or other for agricul* Cattle or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty turaI I>ro’ to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or convey- uce' ing, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Dung, Soil, Compost or Manure for improving Lands, or any

12/6

Application of the Money.

For paying Creditors b Lot.

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxm.

Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, (unless laden also with some other Thing not exempted from Toll by the said recited .Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,) or any Hay, Straw, Fodder for Cattle, or Corn in the Straw, which has grown or arisen on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Com in the Straw, Potatoes, or other agricultural Produce, and which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor is going to be sold or disposed of, or for any Horses or other Beasts employed in Husbandry, going to or returning from Plough or Harrow, or to or from Pasture or Watering-place, such Horses or other Beasts not going or returning on those Occasions more than Two Miles on the said Road; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemption, not being legally entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Proof of Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which, before the Day of the Commencement of this Act, shall have been raised and produced by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed, for or in respect of the said Road, and by this Act directed to be kept in repair, and which shall be remaining undisposed of on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, and also all the Monies which shall arise and be produced by and from the Tolls by the said last recited Act and this Act granted and made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue thereof, and not otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; (that is to say), in the first place, in the Payment of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall have been incurred in applying for, preparing, obtaining and passing this Act, and otherwise relative thereto respectively, and in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Toll Gates, Toll Bars, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and keeping the same in repair, and of altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving the said Road, by this Act directed to be kept in repair as aforesaid, and of erecting and making necessary and convenient Bridges upon the same, and otherwise executing the other Purposes of this Act, and in reducing, paying off, and discharging the several Principal Sums of Money and Interest due and owing thereupon, which shall have been borrowed and secured in pursuance of and for the Purposes of the said Ac( hereby repealed, in respect of the said Road, and the several Principal Sums of Money which may be hereafter borrowed and secured by virtue of this Act, with the Interest to become due thereupon.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said y Trustees shall at any Time or Times be desirous of paying off any Portion of the Principal Monies due and owing upon the Credit of the said Road, it shall and may be lawful for them, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, (Notice of such intended Meeting and of the Purposes thereof being first given at least Twenty-eight Days preceding the same, by Advertisement in some Newspaper printed in or usually circulated within the said Counties of Warwick and Leicester,) if they shall think fit,

instead

1277

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxiii.

instead of paying the same rateably amongst all the Creditors, to deter* mine by Lot to which of such Creditors the whole or any Portion thereof shall be so paid, and to pay the same to such Creditor or Creditors only, or to any of the Creditors, with the Consent of all the other Creditors, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees appointed Trustees not or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall not be personally subject to or liable to be charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of M0rtgage*. Money, by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or other Security made or to be made by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act: Provided always, that in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be defrayed out of the Tolls arising on the Turnpike Road hereby directed to be amended and repaired.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as In case of often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to ay* be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the compensa-Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of tion for Ma-His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satis- terials, Da-faction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any j^urS’ done Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or by t},y saj(i any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Trustees, Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the &c. the same Party or Parties entitled to receive the same within Ten Days *° ^j^ess after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of of the Goods such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their vested in Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Jus- Trustees, or tice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensa- the" Trea' tion or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned, on Demand, to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Costs,

Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Warrant as aforesaid.

[Low/.]

14 X

1278 4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxiii.

Regulations

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or forraance of ''a^c to Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards Statute repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, and the

Work. Inhabitants of all such Parishes, Townships, or Places as have at any Time or Times done Statute Work upon, or contributed towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Warwick and Leicester, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bnng in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as any Person or Persons

1279

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxiii.

sons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if such Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every, such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for either of the said Counties of Warwick or Leicester,

(as the Case may be,) on Complaint made to such Justices respectively by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

[Public Act.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on Commence-the Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, "»entand and shall continue and be in Force for and during the Term of Twenty-Cf°hll""f"ce one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of0fth'S Act-Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

I

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the South End of Sparrows Herne on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhamsted Saint Peter, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near /lylesbury, in the County of Buckingham.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair the Road from the South End of Sparrows Herne on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhamsted Saint Peter’s, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher’s Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Second Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair the Road from the South End of Sparrows Herne on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhamsted Saint Peter’s, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher’s Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty \Local.~\ 14 T King

2G.J.C. 63.

a3^*3,c* 93-

1282

43C'3*c. 39.

3G.4. c.nS.

Three first recited Acts repealed.

Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. extended to this Act.

Act subject to the Payment of all Monies bor-

4" GEORGII IV. Cap.hxv.

King George the Third, intituled An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South End of Sparrows Herne on Bushey Heath in the County of Hertford, to the Road at Walton in the County of Buckingham : And whereas large Sums of Money have been from Time to Time borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said several Acts of the Second, Twenty-third, and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, which still remain due and owing, and which Sums of Money cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be properly repaired and improved unless the Term granted by the said last-mentioned Acts be extended and the Tolls increased, and further Powers granted for that Purpose: And whereas it would be nearer and more commodious to the Public if the Course of the said Road was diverted at or near and through the Lands of Nascott Farm in the Parish of Watford, to join and communicate with the said Road at or near a certain Lane called Ridge Lane, leading out of the said Turnpike Road towards Leavesden in the County of Hertford, and also at or near the Turn or Curve in the said Road on the Northern Side of the Dwelling House of James Senior Esquire, in the Hamlet of Walton in the said County of Buckingham, and proceeding through certain Inclosures, Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises herein-after described, into the Town of Aylesbury, to join and communicate with the Oxford, Buckingham, and Cambridge Roads, near The George Inn at Aylesbury aforesaid: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws nowin being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several recited Acts passed in the Second, Twenty-third, and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and that this Act shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of repairing, amending, improving, and maintaining the Road leading from the South End of Sparrows Herne, on Bushey Heath in the County of Hertford, through the Towns of Watford, Kingys Langley, Berkhamsted Saint Peter, and Tring, in the said County of Hertford, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which have been bor-

io rowed.

1283

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxiv.

rowed, or are now clue and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized rowed on the to be taken by the said recited Acts on the said Road, and of all Interest Crejht due and to grow due thereon respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit or on account of this Act; and that all and every Person and Persons owing any Sum or Sums of Money to the respective Trustees for executing the said recited Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, shall be liable to the Payment thereof to the Trustees for executing this Act; and that all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements,

Contracts, and Securities entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the respective Trustees for executing the said recited Acts hereby repealed, according to the Provisions and Directions thereof, shall remain in full force and effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed on account and for the Benefit of the Road under this Act; and all Lettings of Tolls, Orders, Contracts, and Agreements, duly made or entered into by the said Trustees for executing the said Acts hereby repealed, shall, so far as the same are not altered or avoided by this Act, remain in full force and effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees under this Act, according to the Terms and Stipulations thereof respectively.

IV. And be it enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace Trustees, for the Counties of Hertford and Buckingham respectively, together with Francis Henry Barker Clerk, Christopher Broome, Robert Haldane Bradshaw, Arthur Anstey Calvert, Thomas Clutter buck, George Compigne, John Cotton, James Croft, John Crofts Clerk, Thomas Day, Henry Deering, John Dyson, Isaac Dell, John Dickinson, George Dorrien, John Dorrien, Thomas Tyrwhitt Drake, Brandreth Duncombe, Thomas Dupre Clerk, John Field,

John Ford, John George Clerk, John Goodwin, Henry Greene, Thomas Abbot Green, William Griffin, John Griffin, Harry Grover, James Hailey, Joseph IlamiltonDoctor of Divinity, William Hammond, John Jeffreys Clerk, Charles Lacey Clerk, Henry Lake, Thomas Lewin, Villiers William Lewis, William Littleboy, Magens Dorrien Magens, Michael Stephen Joseph McCarthy, Thomas Winter Mead Clerk, John Manship Mills, John Moore, Frank Moore, William John Moore Clerk, Thomas Nicholl, George Nugent Clerk, John Pidcock,

Alexander Platt Clerk, William Rickford, the Right Honourable Richard Ryder, Thomas Gage Sanders Sebright, William Smart, Richard Squire, Thomas Squire, Richard Steel, Robert Sutton, John Richard Thackeray Clerk, Thomas Toovcy the elder, Thomas Toovcy the younger, the Honourable Henry Watson,

Henry CampbellWhite, Thomas Woodman, EdmundTates, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, maintaining, and improving the aforesaid Road, and for putting into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees Power to hereby nominated, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at appoint any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose (and of which Meeting, and additional the Purpose thereof. Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in the Manner TrU8tee8-directed by the said last mentioned Act), to elect any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this

and

1284

Trustees to be sworn.

Oath.

Penalty on Persons acting not having been sworn.

Time and Place of Trustees First Meeting.

For appointing Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxiv.

and the last-mentioned Act in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed, and such Trustees so elected, and being duly qualified, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act, and the said last-mentioned Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as if they had been herein-named and appointed.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed and prescribed, and unless being so qualified he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, and the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe, before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same), the Oath or Affirmation following j that is to say,

I A.B. do swear (or, being one of the People called Quakers, do solemnly ‘ affirm). That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of ‘ my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, ‘ and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in

* the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, ‘ intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled ‘ An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turn-‘ pike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England.

'So help me GOD.*

And if any Person shall act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding, touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath or Affirmation by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath or Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the House known by the Sign of The King's Arms at Berkhamsted Saint Peter aforesaid, or some other convenient Place near the said Road, on the Third Monday after the passing of this Act, and proceed to put the said last recited Act and this Act into Execution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, nominate and appoint One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, Accountant or Accountants,

Collector

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxiv. 1285

Collector or Collectors, and such other Officer or Officers as they shall think Offim*. and necessary, and from Time to Time afterwards, when and as they shall gaja_ think fit, displace and remove any of such Treasurers, Clerks, Surveyors, rjeSi Accountants, Collectors, or other Officers, and upon such Removal $ or when any of them shall die, misbehave, or resign their Office, or be incapable of performing it, they the said Trustees shall and may nominate and appoint another or others in the Stead and Place of such Officer or Officers as they shall think proper to remove, or that shall die, misbehave, or resign his or their Office, or he incapable of performing it; and the said Trustees may, by and out of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, allow and pay to such Treasurers, Clerks, Surveyors, Accountants,

Collectors, and other Officers* and such other Persons as shall be aiding or assisting them in the Execution of their respective Offices, or that shall be in anywise employed in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries,

Rewards, Wages, and Allowances for their respective Attendance, Care, and Service, as to the said Trustees shall seem reasonable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk, Surveyor, and all |j*r«ent other .Officers (except the Treasurer) who have been appointed under con^[*e° and are now employed in the Execution of the said former Acts hereby repealed, shall respectively continue to exercise their Offices under this Act until they shall respectively die, resign, or be displaced or be removed by the said Trustees in manner aforesaid, or be incapable of executing them, and shall be subject to the like Rules and Regulations, and rains and Penalties, in all respects whatsoever, as if they had been appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Treasurer lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons 311(1 clerk who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution

of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk Person, or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager at Law, r.or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have been Bo°>". Mo. employed to receive, or who shall have received any Tolls or other "ies>and Ef-

*4 2 ‘ Monies & W

1286 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxiv.

Acts, to be Monies under or by virtue or on account of the Acts hereby repealed,

delivered Gr shall have in his or her Custody or Possession any Vouchers, Books,

up to the Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to the said Road

rustees. hereby intended to be repaired, or any of them, shall, when required

so to do, account for and deliver the same to the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as are herein-before directed with respect to any Officer or Person appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

Books used

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books "r,7 containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing Evidence.6 the said Three first-recited Acts, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

For continu-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may ing thepre- and they are hereby authorized and empowered to continue or remove Gates and a^ or anY of the Gates, Turnpikes, Bars, and Chains now standing in, erecting other upon, or across the said Road, or on the Sides thereof, and also to erect Toll Gates, or cause to be erected any other Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or &c> Toll Gates, Bar or Bars, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Road, or in, upon, or across any Line of Deviation of the said Road to be made under the Powers of this Act, or the said recited Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and also upon the Side of the said Road across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the same (such Lane or Way not being a Turnpike Road), and also to continue, erect, or provide a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniences, at or near each Toll Gate j and the said Trustees shall and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, or Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think expedient, and also shall and make take in and inclose from the Sides of the said Road convenient Garden Spots for the Toll Houses respectively, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre to each Toll House; provided that no Turnpike, Toll Gate, Bar, or Chain be erected in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Road between the Bottom of Chalk Hilly next Watford Bridge, and Nascott Farm House in the Town of Watford.

Power to

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses House*. erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed on the said Road to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same, and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, Building Ground, and Appurtenances, to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall

1287

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxiv.

shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof:

Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is by the said last-recited Act directed to be given, where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, or any Person or Persons continued or to be appointed Col- ta^e Folk-lector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take at each and every Turnpike or Toll Gate, continued or to be erected by virtue of this Act, from the Owner or Owners of or Person or Persons using, leading, driving, or attending any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, before any such Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same (subject to the Provisions, Restrictions, and Exceptions herein-after and in the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained), the following Sums or Tolls, or such Sums or Sum not exceeding the following Sums or Tolls respectively, as the said Trustees at any of their Meetings shall from Time to Time appoint and order; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast drawing any Coach, Tolls. Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, Hearse, Waggon, Cart, Wain, or other Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number $ and for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be paid, levied, applied, disposed of, and assigned in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Tolls to be pay the respective Tolls by this Act granted and made payable for the Paid but passing of any Horses, Beasts, or Cattle through any Gate or Turnpike ^cea Vay erected or continued by virtue of this Act, between Sparrows Herne through the aforesaid and a certain Place or Mill called Bourne End Mill, in the Gates be-Parish of Northchurch in the said County of Hertford, the same Person, tween sPar-upon producing any Note or Ticket of the Day denoting such Payment, ^dBourne shall be permitted to pass and repass through all or any of the Gates or End Mill • Turnpikes to be erected or continued between the Places aforesaid with nor between the same Horse, Beast, or Cattle or Carriage (except as herein-after End excepted), without paying any further or other Tolls or Duties at any ptuiphcPa

Time Elma.

1288 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixiv.

Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next Night; and every Person, upon paying once for passing in any one Day (to be computed as aforesaid) through any Gate or Turnpike to be erected or continued by virtue of this Act between the said Mill called Bourne End Mill, and a certain Place called Pettipher’s Elms in JValton aforesaid, shall be permitted at any Time or Times during the same Day to pass and repass through all or any of the Gates or Turnpikes to be erected or continued between the Places last before-mentioned with the same Horse, Beast, or Cattle or Carriage (except as herein-after mentioned), upon producing a Note or Ticket as aforesaid, without paying any further or other Tolls or Duties: Provided nevertheless, that the Provision last herein-before contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to any Gate or Turnpike to be erected on the Line of Deviation of the said Road into Aylesbury, when the same shall take place under the Powers herein-after contained; bur that a further Toll, not exceeding the Rates herein-before provided, shall and may be taken at any such Gate or Turnpike which shall be erected on the said last-mentioned Line of Deviation.

Stage

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Tolls

Coaches, hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or j^stt^haalse8’ other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach or Stage Carriage, Van, Caravan, evei7<Tiine Waggon, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for of passing. Payment, Hire, or Reward, for every Time of passing and repassing on the same Day (the Day to be computed as aforesaid), and the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise and other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Road on the same Day (the Day to be computed as aforesaid) with a Ticket denoting a new Hiring.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act for any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Dung, Soil, Compost, or Manure for improving Lands, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry (unless laden also with some other Thing not exempted from Toll by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty), or any Hay, Straw, Fodder for Cattle, or Corn in the Straw, which has grown or arisen on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, Potatoes, or other Agricultural Produce, and which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor is going to be sold or disposed of, or for any Horses, or other Beasts employed in Husbandry, going to or returning from Plough or Harrow, or to or from Pasture or Watering Place, such Horses or other Beasts not going or returning on those Occasions more than Two Miles on the said Road; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemption, not being legally entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Proof of Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming the same.

Exemption for Agricultural Pro-

1289

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixiv.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Sheep or Lambs going to or from any Wash, Brook, Dyke, River, Water, or other Place used for washing of Sheep, or to or from any Place used for the clipping or shearing of Sheep, or to or from any Place for suckling of Lambs, or folding or foddering of Sheep within One Mile of the said Road.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, shall extend to empower the said Trustees, or any Surveyor or Person employed by them, to turn, divert, or alter the Course or Stream of any Water upon which any Mill or Mills is, are, or shall be erected, without the Consent of the Owner or Proprietor of such Mill or Mills.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons who hath or have heretofore advanced any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the said recited Acts passed in the Second, Twenty-third, and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, or who shall hereafter advance any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of this or the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or to his, her, or their Assignee or Assigns in respect to the Priority of the Mortgage or Assignment, or of advancing such Sum or Sums of Money; but that as well all Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall hereafter be made or given, his, her, or their Assignee or Assigns, as all Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment hath heretofore been made or given, shall (in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned) be Creditors on this Act, and in an equal Degree one with another.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall at any Time be desirous of paying off any Portion of the principal Monies due and owing on the said Road, it shall and may be lawful for them at any Meeting (Notice of such intended Meeting, and of the Purpose thereof, being first given at least Fourteen Days preceding the same by Advertisement in some Newspaper usually circulated in the said Counties of Hertford and Buckingham), if they shall think fit, instead of paying the same rateably amongst all the Creditors, to determine by Lot to which of such Creditors the Whole or any Portion thereof shall be so paid, and to pay the same to such Creditor or Creditors only, or to any of the Creditors with the Consent of all the other Creditors.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or the Trustees who acted in the Execution of any of the former Acts relating to the said Road, shall not be personally subject to or liable to be charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or other Security made or to be made as aforesaid : Provided always, that in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees for any thing clone by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, and the Damages to be thereupon

[Local.'} 15 A reco-

Exemption from Toll for Sheep or Lambs.

Not to turn the Stream of any Water upon which any Mill is erected.

No Priority of Mortgages.

For paying Creditors by Lot.

Trustees not

}>ersonaliy iable to Mortgages.

1290

Application of the Money.

Authorizing the Trustees to divert the Road through Nascott

Authorizing Trustees to divert the Road at Walton into the Town of Aylesbury.

4° GEORGII IV. Cai>.lxiv.

recovered, shall be defrayed out of the Tolls arising on the Turnpike Road hereby directed to be amended and repaired.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which before the Day of the Commencement of this Act shall have been raised and produced by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, for or in respect of the said Road, and by this Act directed to be kept in repair, and which shall be remaining undisposed of on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, and also all the Monies which shall arise and be produced by and from the Tolls by the said last recited Act and this Act granted and made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue thereof, and not otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; (that is to say), in the first Place, in the Payment of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall have been incurred in applying for, preparing, obtaining, and passing this Act, and otherwise relative thereto respectively, and in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Toll Gates, Toll Bars, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and keeping the same in Repair, and of altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving the said Road by this Act directed to be kept in Repair as aforesaid, and of erecting and making necessary and convenient Bridges upon the same, and otherwise executing the other Purposes of this Act, and in reducing, paying off, and discharging the several principal Sums of Money and Interest, which shall have been borrowed and secured in pursuance of and for the Purposes of the said Acts hereby repealed, in respect of the said Road, and the several principal Sums of Money which may be hereafter borrowed and secured by virtue of this Act, and Interest thereon.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Trustees to divert and improve the Course of the said Road at or near and through the Lands of Nascott Farm, in the Parish of Watford aforesaid, commencing at a certain Spot of Waste Ground near Nascott House, and proceeding through the Inclosures of the said Farm lying next the present Road belonging to the Reverend Wilshire John Hemmett and Elizabeth his Wife, and Robert Clutterbuck Esquire, their Trustee, in the Occupation of the Earl of Essex, and his Undertenants, John Cardy and Moore, or One of them, to join and communicate again with the present Road by the Side of one of the said Inclosures called Further Nine Acres, near a certain Lane called Ridge Lane, in the said Parish of Watford, and for that Purpose to convert the said Piece of Waste and Closes, or so much of the same as shall be required for the Purposes of the said Road, and out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act to pay for such Ground, Closes, and Premises, or so much thereof as shall be thought necessary for the Purposes of the said Road.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to divert and improve the Course of the said Road through certain Inclosures, Lands, Grounds, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises hereafter mentioned and described j (that is to say), such Deviation of the said Road to commence at or near the Turn or Curve in the said

7 Turnpike

1291

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxiv.

Turnpike Road on the Northern Side of the Dwelling House of James Senior Esquire, in the Hamlet of Walton in the said County of Buckingham, and proceeding through several Inclosures, the Property of Woodfield Blake Eagles, John Steele, Thomas Bell, Edward Harrison, and Sarah his Wife, crossing the Highway to Walton Mill and through the Inclosure of the Reverend Israel hull, across the Grand Junction Canal or Collateral Cut near the Canal Bridge at Walton Mill, and thence through the Inciosures of Thomas Tindal Esquire, across the Walton Mill Stream, and through the Inclosures of Lord Carrington, held under the Prebendary of Heydor-cum-Walton, William Rickford Esquire, and Joseph Pitches; through a certain Homestead and Outbuildings of the said Joseph Pitches in the Occupation of Joseph Hearne, a Cottage and Garden late the Property of James Callings, an Insolvent Debtor, in the Occupation of John Brown,

Two Gardens unoccupied belonging to George Creed and Richard Gurney, a Garden and Bowling Green belonging to and in the Occupation of John Eustace, a Stable and Part of a Garden belonging to and in the Occupation of John Stone, Two Gardens belonging to William Green and Thomas Webb in their own Occupations respectively, crossing the public Footway through the Garden of the said John Eustace in his own Occupation, the Garden of John Gurney Turvey unoccupied, and Part of The Crown Inn Yard and Buildings belonging to and in the Occupation of the said John Eustace, Three Dwelling Houses and Buildings belonging to George Thorpe in the Occupations of Thomas White Field, John Warr, and John Hearn, a Building used as a Stone Mason’s Shop belonging to and in the Occupation of John Toms, and a Dwelling House and Shop belonging to Margaret Hanwell in the Occupation of Thomas Wilmot Dawson, in the several Parishes or Places of Walton and Aylesbury aforesaid, into the Town of Aylesbury in the said County of Buckingham, to join and communicate with the Oxford, Buckingham, and Cambridge Roads near The George Inn at Aylesbury aforesaid, and for that Purpose to convert so much of the said Inclosures, Lands, Grounds, Scites of the said Messuages, Buildings, and Premises, as shall be required for the Purposes of the said Road, and out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act to pay for such of the said Inclosures, Lands, Grounds, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises, as shall be thought necessary for the Purposes of the said Road.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, if they shall proceed to make such Deviations of the Road as erect Bridges aforesaid, or any or either of them, to erect any Bridge or Bridges over over Cana"* the Grand Junction Canal or Collateral Cuts, and over the said Walton

Mill Stream, which may be necessary for making and completing the Road, or such Deviation or Deviations thereof.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Com- Grand Junc-pany of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal shall not be liable to tion Canal pay any Expence, nor make good or sustain any Loss or Damage in respect Company of the Erection, Maintenance, or Repair of any Bridge or Bridges to be "e ai^of6l° made by the said Trustees over and across the said Canal or Collateral Bridges. Cuts therefrom; and that every such Bridge shall be built according to

such and the like Plans and Sections as the present Bridges over the said Canal upon the Line of the said Turnpike Road are constructed, and so that the said Bridges to be so erected by the said Trustees may be as

commodious

1292

Deviations of the Road to be made according to Plans.

Lands marked in the Plans may be used notwithstanding Errors in the Books of Reference.

Trustees

discharged from the Care of Roads shut up or deviated from, and Roads made by former Trustees to remain so.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxiv.

commodious for the said Company as the said present Bridges, and that no Injury, Impediment, or Obstruction be made or caused to the Navigation of the said Canal or Cuts, or to the Works thereof, during the Erection or Repair of any of such Bridge or Bridges, or at any other Time, or in any Manner whatsoever, by means of the Works hereby authorized to be made.

XXIX. And whereas Maps or Plans respectively describing the Lines of the Deviations of the said Road so intended to be made, and the Lands through which such Lines are to be carried, together with Books of Reference containing Lists of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited with the respective Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Hertford and Buckingham, and the Liberty of Saint Albans; be it therefore enacted, That the said Maps or Plans, and Books of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the Clerks of the Peace for the said Counties and Liberties respectively, to the End that all Persons may at all reasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and take Copies and Extracts therefrom at their Will and Pleasure, paying to such Clerks of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts; and that the said Trustees in making such Deviations of Road shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the respective Lines described in the said Maps or Plans, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate through whose Lands, Grounds, or Premises such Deviations shall be made.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Deviations of Road into, through, across, or over the several Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands or Premises over which the same Deviations, or either of them, or any Part thereof, is or are mentioned or described in this Act, or set forth and described in the said Maps or Plans or Lists as aforesaid, although such Lands or Premises, or the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, may happen to be erroneously described, omitted, or mis-stated in this Act, or in the said Maps or Plans, or Lists, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Hertford and Buckingham respectively, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake or was not wilful; and such Certificate shall be deposited with and remain in the Custody of the Clerks of the Peace for the said Counties and Liberties, or either of them, as the Case may require.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Roads made, opened, widened, diverted, shut up, or discontinued under or by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts hereby repealed, or any or either of them, shall remain and continue open, widened, diverted, shut up, and discontinued in such and the same Manner as if the said first recited Act had not been made; and that the Trustees under this Act shall be discharged from the Care and Management, as well of all Roads so heretofore shut up or discontinued, as also of all such Parts of the present Road, in lieu of which the said Deviations, or any of them, may be made under the Powers of this Act.

4" GEORGII IV. Caju.lxiv. 1293

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors and Workmen, with or tQ make without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the Road.

Lands and Premises through which or whereupon the said Deviations of Road hereby authorized to be made are hereby intended to pass, and also upon any adjoining Lands or Grounds, and to stake out the said Deviations of Road, and to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part thereof, and to make a temporary Way or Ways through or over any such adjoining Lands or Grounds (not being a Garden, Yard, Orchard,

Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), to be made use of as a public Highway whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road are being widened or altered, or until the said Deviations of Road shall be made safe and convenient for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think necessary or proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned j such Damages to be ascertained and settled, in case of Dispute concerning the same, in the same Manner as the Value of Lands to be purchased or used by virtue of this Act is directed to be ascertained and settled by the said last recited Act in case of Dispute; and if any Person shall pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out any Part of such deviation Roads, or either of them, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Autho- Trustees rities hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to restrained empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling from Pulling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, lingH^u ’ Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without Conor any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or sent of the any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the °wners-Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained, other than and except so much and such Part of such Dwelling Houses, or other Buildings,

Orchards, Gardens, Yards, Parks, Paddocks, planted Walks, Avenues, and Nurseries for Trees, as are marked or described in the said Maps or Plans and Books of Reference, or one of them, or in this Act.

XXXIV. And be it also enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall consider it necessary for widening the said Road to take down and remove certain Buildings, Messuages, Cottages, or Tenements adjoining or near to the said Road, at a Place called Hunton Bridge, in the Parish of Hunton" Abbotts Langley, the Property of Samuel Warren, and in the Occupations Bridge, of John Sutton and William Chamberlain, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees so to do, and to convert the Materials of the said Buildings, and Ground on which the same are standing, or so much of the same as shall be required to the Purposes of the said Road, and out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act to [Loral.] 15 B—C pay

Authorizing Trustee# to take down

1294 4" GEORGII IV. Ca^.lxiv.

pay for such Buildings and Premises, or so much thereof as shall be thought necessary for the Purposes of the said Road.

Trustees

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said

to fence the Trustees shall by virtue of this Act, or the said last recited Act, make new Road. any part sajj Roacj over ancj through any private Ground, or shall take away any Fence for widening, diverting, or turning any Road already made, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made proper Fences or Walls on both Sides of such new-made Road, or on the Side upon which any such Fence shall be removed as aforesaid, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to such Road, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches where necessary, out of the said Road into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep such Fences so to be made in good Order and Repair for and during the Term of One Year from the Time that such Fences shall have been made or set up.

In case of

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and Nonpayment as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be sation'for" paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions Materials, of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty

&c. the same or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Mate-b° DisCVie^ r*a^s> Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury, of any Nature or Kind whatso-of VSoeod8 ever» done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons of such Trus- acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money tees or their shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to Treasurer. receive the same, within Twenty-one Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested: in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Warrant as aforesaid.

as to Per- XXX

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by. Law formance are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be charged of Statute towards repairing and amending the said Road^ or any Part thereof, and or 9 the

1295

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxiv.

the Inhabitants of all such Parishes, Townships, or Places as are subject to perform Statute Work upon or to contribute towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Hertford and Buckingham respectively, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, of in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Wotk, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with' Trams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Surntf to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may alro order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if such Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught

to

1296

Trustee*, See may be Witnesses.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixiv.

to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he-had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Hertford or Buckingham respectively, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence, or be disqualified from giving Testimony or Evidence in any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other legal Proceedings to be brought or had in any Court of Law or Equity, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace under or by virtue of this or the said recited Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty by reason of being a Trustee of the said Road, or a Mortgagee or Creditor of the Tolls thereof, or a Farmer, Lessee, or Collector of such Tolls, or a Treasurer or Clerk or Surveyor, or other Officer under this Act, nor shall such Testimony or Evidence (for any of the Reasons aforesaid) be rejected or liable to be questioned or set aside.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Day next after the passing thereof, and shall from thenceforth continue and be in force for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

(I ''*

CapAxv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Staplecross to Hornscross, and from Hornscross to the Turnpike Road near Brickwall House in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beckley, and from Staplecross to Bodiarn Bridge, and to the Turnpike Road at Silver Hill, all in the County of Sussex.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend and widen the Roads leading from Staplecross in the Parish of Ewhurst to Hornscross in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Brickwall House in the said Parish ^Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beckley, and also the Road from Staplecross aforesaid to Bodiani Bridge in the Parish of Bodiam, and from thence through the Parishes of Bodiam aforesaid, and Salehurst, to the Turnpike Road at Silver Hill in the said Parish ^Salehurst, all in the County of Sussex : And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said recited Act have repaired and improved the said respective Roads, and have for that Purpose, in pursuance of the Powers to them [ Local.] ij D thereby

41G.3.e.50.

1302

3G.4.C. 126.

41G. 3. C. 50. repealed, and this Act to be executed in lieu thereof.

Extending the Powers of the General Act.

New Term and Tolls liable to Debts, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixv.

thereby given, borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Sums still remain undischarged and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and maintained in Repair, unless further Provision be made for the amending, improving, and maintaining the same in Repair, and for imposing Tolls or Duties for that Purpose, and for altering, increasing, and regulating the same: And whereas the Powers, Provisions, and Authorities given by the said before recited Act are in many respects insufficient and inconvenient, and it is expedient that the same be altered, amended, and regulated, and that the said before recited Act be repealed, and other Powers granted in lieu thereof: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third shall be and the same is hereby declared to be repealed; and instead thereof this Act shall be put into Execution, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the repairing, improving and maintaining in repair the Roads from a certain Turnpike Road in Ewhurst aforesaid, leading from Cripps* Corner to the South West End of the Public House at Staplecross aforesaid, and extending from the South East End of the said Public House, from East to West, in a straight Line across the said Road to Hornscross in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Brickwall Housef in the said Parish of Northiamy and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Beckley; and also the Road from Staplecross aforesaid to Bodiam Bridge, in the Parish of Bodiam, and from thence through the Parishes of Bodiam aforesaid and Salehurst, to the Turnpike Road at Silver Hilly all in the said County of Sussex.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act), shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be, and they are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed, and are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said Act on the said Roads, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls granted by this Act; and all and every Person and Persons who may owe or be subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of

5 Money

1303

4" GEORGII IV Cap. lxv.

Money to the Trustees of the said Roads, or to any other Person or Persons, for the Benefit of the said Trust, shall be liable to the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants, and Agreements, Contracts, and Securities entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees of the said Roads, or any of them, according to the Provisions and Directions of the said first recited Act, shall remain in full force and effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity until the same are fully satisfied and performed, on Account and for the Benefit of the Trust created by this Act; and all Contracts or Agreements duly made or entered into by the Trustees of the said Roads, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full force and effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees for executing this Act, according to the Terms or Stipulations thereof respectively, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said first recited Act,

IV. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees. Peace- acting for the County of Sussex, together with Sir William Ashburnham Baronet, William Ashburnham, Major John Austen, Edward Ades,

Francis Ay erst of Haukhurst, Thomas Ayerst of Newenden, Thomas Ayerst of Haukhurst, John Ades, Edward Allfrey, John George Austen Clerk, Lieutenant Colonel Bunbury, George Hanway Blackburn, Henry Bishop Clerk, Samuel Bishop, John Bishop, John Barton, James Buckland, the Reverend Thomas Birch Dean of Battle; Edward Jeremiah Curteis,

Samuel Russel Collet, Herbert Barret Curteis, Edward Barret Curteis, Reginald Curteis, George Courthope senior, George Courthope junior,

William Courthope Clerk, James Collins, John Cruttenden, Edmund Crut-tenden, Francis Tress Curteis, Edmund Catt, Collins Clerk,

John Cobb, Stanes Brocket Chamberlayne, William Croughton, Edwin Dawes, Thomas Daws, Thomas Chester Daws, Thomas Durr ant, John Mercer Durrant, John Charles Dunn, John Dulvey, William John Denne,

Richard Day, Richard Greenland Denne, Richard Davenport, James Eldridge, James Eversfield, John Fuller of Rose Hill, Richard Walter Forbes, John Gilbert, John Grace, William Grace, Jesse Gregsort, Charles 'Greenwood, William Gregson, William Gregson junior. Admiral John Henry,

Thomas Law Hodges, Henry Hodges, William Hussey Clerk, Mercer Hollands, Thomas Paine Hilder, John Hilder, James Hilder, James Hilder junior, Henry Hodges Clerk, William Hussey junior, Edward Hilder,

Thomas Hilder of Northiam, Thomas Hilder of Sandhurst, John Hodges,

Arthur Hussey Clerk, Richard Hay, Robert Selby Hele Clerk, John Burrell Hayley Clerk, Stephen Jenkin Clerk, Charles Jenkin, John Jenkin,

George Augustus Lamb Doctor of Divinity, William Phillips Lamb, John Luxford, William Levett, Henry Lord Doctor of Divinity, William Pitt Lamb, Edward Augustus Lamb, Thomas Davis Lamb, John Luxford junior, George Luxford, Thomas Cooper Langford, Thomas Larkin, John Micklethwaite, William Alexander Morland, Robert Moneypenny, Phillips Moneypenny Clerk, John Mercer, John Dunmole Mercer, Joseph Mercer,

Souther den Brant hwaite Micklethwaite, Thomas Moneypenny of Rolvenden,

Thomas Munn, William Morris, William Morris junior, Lewis Meryon,

John Myers Clerk, John Norton, Samuel John Nichol, John Butler Pomfret, Nathaniel Procter, Thomas Perigoe, Thomas Peters, Thomas Pix, James Philcox, John Pix, Thomas Perigoe junior, John Pratt Clerk, Virgil Pomfret. Thomas Pix junior, Jesse Piper, Thomas Procter, James Philcox

junior,

1304

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxv.

junior, Thomas Redford, John Roberts, John Russell Clerk, Thomas Walter Reeves, Edward Leeds Smith, Edmund Springett, Tilden Smith senior, Tilden Smith junior, Samuel Selmes, John Snepp, Samuel Selmes, James Smith, Jeremiah Smithy John Snepp junior, Henry Smithy Richard Stileman, Richard Stileman junior, Stephen Smithy Robert Shedden, George Springett, John Springett, Benjamin Smith, Jo/jw Frewen Turner, Francis Tress, Robert Tournayy Hugh Totty Clerk, John Godfrey Thomas Clerk, Robert Tournay the younger, George Thompson Anthony Vincett, John Tiger, Sir Godfrey Webster Baronet, William Welfitt Doctor of Divinity, Edward Collins Wardy Robert Wiltsher, William Watson, Stephen fVeekes, Charles Woods, Francis Wilson, Godfrey Webster, William Wood hams, William Cooper Woodhamsy William Richard Woodhamsy Henry Winchester. Charles Ward-roper, Richard Wetherell Clerk, Henry Toung Doctor of Medicine, and Edward Toung, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, improving, and maintaining in repair the said Roads, and for putting into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

Appointment of additional Trustees at the First Meeting,

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (of which Meeting, and of the Purposes thereof, Ten Days Notice shall be given in Manner directed by the said last recited Act, respecting the Appointment of Trustees on Vacancies), in pursuance of this Act, to elect any Number of fit and proper Persons, not exceeding Five in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees so elected, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said last recited Act and this Act, as if they had been herein named and appointed.

Qualification

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall of Trustees. capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and prescribed; and unless, being so qualified, he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, and the Oath herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe, before One or more of the said Trustees, (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same), the Oath following; (that is to say),

Oath. T d° swear, That I will truly and impartially, according to the best

‘ of my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts, reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act ‘ passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the ‘ Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act], and also ‘ an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, in-‘ tituled [here set forth the Title of the General Turnpike Act.]

'So help me GOD.* And if any Person shall presume to act as such Trustee (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same,

1305

4° GEORGII IV. Cap Am.

in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding, touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet together at the Red Lion, in Bodiam aforesaid, or at some other convenient Place, on the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and proceed in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at their first or any subsequent Meeting, held either by Adjournment or by Notice as aforesaid, shall and may nominate and appoint one or more fit Person or Persons to be a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and also a Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, of the Tolls on the said Roads, with such Salaries as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and shall also appoint such other Officers as they shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, and they shall have Power from Time to Time to remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion, and to appoint others in their st^ad, in Cases of Death or such Removal.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer (other than the Treasurer) appointed under or by virtue of the said former Act hereby repealed, shall respectively continue to exercise their several and respective Offices under this Act, until they shall respectively resign or be removed or displaced by the Trustees for executing this Act; and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties, and to the like Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations, in all respects whatsoever, as if they had been appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees7 and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons

rj E in

First Meeting.

Appointment of Officers.

Present Officers to continue until others appointed.

Clerk and Treasurer.

1306

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixv.

in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act; and if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Books, Monies, and Effects, under the former Act, to be delivered up to the Trustees.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have been employed to receive, or who shall have received any Tolls or other Monies, under or by virtue or on account of the Act hereby repealed, or shall have in his or their Custody or Possession any Vouchers, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired, or any of them, shall, when required so to do, account for and deliver the same to the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as are directed with respect to any Officer or Person appointed under this Act, by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Books, &c. relative to former Acts

livered to the Trustees under this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or have been employed, or who have received any Tolls or other Money on account of the said Roads, or who have, or shall have, in their Custody or Possession, any Money, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things, relating to the Roads by this Act directed to be improved and repaired, shall account for and pay and deliver over the same and every Part thereof to the Trustees in and by this Act named and appointed, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as the several Collectors and other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of this Act are, by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, required to pay or account for the same.

sent Toll Gates, and erecting other Toll Gates.

For continu-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, i pre- and they are hereby authorized and empowered to continue all or any of the Gates, Turnpikes, Bars, or Chains, now standing in, upon, or across the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof; and also to erect, or cause to be erected, any other Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Bar or Bars, or Chain or Chains, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and also upon the Sides of the said Roads, across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the same (such Lane or Way not being a Turnpike Road); and also to continue, erect, or provide a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniences at or near each Toll Gate, and also shall and may retain or take in and inclose from the Sides of the said Roads convenient Garden Spots for the Toll Houses respectively, not exceeding, as to such Inclosures hereafter to be made. One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre to each Toll House.

’1 rustees re-

pulling

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Autho-

tiown Dwell- rities hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to 9 empower

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.kv.

empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Part thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Bars or Chains, erected by the Authority of the said Act hereby repealed, or which shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, or across the said Turnpike Roads, or on the Side or Sides of any Part thereof respectively, to be removed to and erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of such other Part or Parts of the said Turnpike Roads hereby directed to be maintained and kept in repair, or otherwise to be wholly removed and taken away, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct; provided that none of the said Toll Gates, Bars, or Chains, shall be removed or taken away as aforesaid, unless Notice in Writing of the Intention to remove or take away the same shall have been affixed upon all the Toll Gates then standing upon the said Turnpike Roads, nor unless such Notice shall have been advertised in some Newspaper published in the said County of Sussex, Fourteen Days at least previous to such Order being made.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed on the said Roads, to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground, or old Road not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Incapacity, Misbehaviour, Negligence, or absconding of any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls hereby granted, the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, though not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, may discharge any such Collector or Receiver; and also

shall

1307

ing Houses without Consent of the Owners.

Power to remove Toll Gates, &e.

Power to sell the present Toll Houses.

Trustees may

appoint temporary Collectors.

1308

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxv.

shall and may nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall so become incapable, or misbehave, or be negligent, or in the Place of any such Collector or Receiver as shall die or abscond, which Person, so nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as the Person he or she shall succeed would have had or been subject to; and for recover- that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls shall be discharged from siorTof Toll bis sa*^ by the said Trustees as aforesaid, or the Wife or Widow,

Houses from or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector Collectors, or Receiver who shall die or be discharged as aforesaid, or any other &c* Person, shall refuse to deliver tip the Possession of any Toll House or

Toll Houses, Toll Gate, Toll Bar, Chain, Buildings, and Premises continued or erected by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing to be given for that Purpose by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cases, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which the Toll House, Buildings, and Premises shall be situate, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable, or other Peace Officer for the same County, with any Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter and take Possession of such Toll House, Toll Gate, Bar or Chain, Buildings, and Premises, in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, or in Possession thereof, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of and from the same, and to put the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or their new appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof.

Power to take

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Tolls. the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed or continued, or to be

appointed by virtue of this Act, Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take the several Tolls and Duties following, at all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates or Toll Houses, or Side Bars or Side Gates or Chains, which are or shall be standing and being or continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; any thing in the said last recited Act contained, relating to the Scale of Tolls in respect of the Breadth of Wheels to the contrary notwithstanding; (that is to say),

Tolls For every Horse or Beast of Draught (except an Ass or Mule) draw-

ing any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Hearse, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Calash, Chair, Taxed Cart, Fish Cart, or other Cart, for the Conveyance of Persons or Passengers, the Sum of Sixpence:

And for every Ass or Mule drawing any such like Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse or Beast of Draught (except an Ass or Mule) drawing any Caravan, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such like Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches or upwards, and which shall be drawn by One Horse or Beast of Draught only, the Sum of Sixpence:

And

1309

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxv.

And for every additional Horse or Beast of Draught (except an Ass or Mule) drawing such Caravan, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Two-pence:

And for every Ass or Mule drawing any such like last-mentioned Carriage, One Moiety of the Tolls lastly hereby imposed:

For every Horse or Beast of Draught (except an Ass or Mule) drawing any Caravan, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, having the Soles or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Three Inches or less than Six Inches, and which shall be drawn by One Horse or Beast of Draught only, the Sum of Sixpence:

And for every additional Horse or Beast of Draught (except an Ass or Mule), the Sum of Three-pence:

And for every Ass or Mule drawing any such like last-mentioned Carriage, One Moiety of the Tolls lastly hereby imposed:

For every Horse, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Twopence:

For every Mule or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum ot One Penny:

For every Ox, Cow, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Hogs, Calves, Sheep, or Lambs (except Calves and Lambs, not having been weaned, and passing with their Dams), the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule,

Ass, Beast, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or Side Bar or Side Gate or Chain, already erected or continued, or to be erected and continued by virtue of this Act, upon or across the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or upon or across any Lane or Way leading into the same, and which said respective Tolls or Duties shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act in manner herein-after directed : Provided always, that in all Cases wherein Oxen or Neat Cattle shall be used, Two Oxen or Neat Cattle shall be considered as One Horse, and Toll shall be demanded and taken at the said Gates for the same accordingly: Provided also, that Payment of the foregoing Tolls at any Gate erected on the said Roads shall exempt the Person from paying the same at any Side Gate, and Payment of the Tolls at any Side Gate shall exempt the Person from paying Toll at any Gate on the said Roads, provided such Gates stand at the same Place, and are under the Care of One and the same Gate-keeper or Collector, but not otherwise.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall Exemption be demanded or taken by virtue of this Acr, for any Horse or Beast of from f.oil Draught or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty product to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, Potatoes, or other agricultural Produce, and which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor is intended to be sold nor disposed of, and which shall have grown or arisen on or from any Lands in the Occupation of the Owner thereof, provided such Lands shall be situate in any of the Parishes or Places through which the [Local.] 15 F said

1310

Exemption for other agricultural Produce.

Additional and Double Toll from First October to First April, except as excepted.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxv.

said Road passes, or in any Parishes or Places next adjoining the Parishes through which the said Road passes.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act, for any Horse or Beast of Draught, or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Dung, Soil, Compost, or Manure for improving Lands, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry (unless laden also with some other thing not exempted from Toll by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty), or any Corn or Grain going from the Granaries or Buildings of the Owner thereof for the Purpose of being sown, but such last-mentioned Exemptions shall be allowed at only the first Gate through which such Horses, Beasts of Draught, or Carriages shall pass, any thing in the said last recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horses or other Beasts employed in Husbandry going to or returning from Plough or Harrow, or to or from Pasture or Watering Place, such Horses or other Beasts not going or returning on those Occasions more than Two Miles on the said Roads; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Proof of Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming the same.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Carriage or Carriages having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches or upwards, passing through any Bar or Bars, Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, or Chain or Chains, erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, between the First Day of October and the First Day of April in every Year during the Continuance of this Act, shall pay a further or additional Toll of One Moiety of the Toll herein-before imposed on such like Carriage or Carriages, according to the Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the same; and that all and every other Carriage or Carriages whatsoever, (except Coaches, Chariots, Berlins, Landaus, Hearses, Chaises, Chaise Marines, Calashes, Chairs, Taxed Carts, Fish Carts, and other Carts for the Conveyance of Persons or Passengers), having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Three Inches, or less than Six Inches, passing through any Bar or Bars, Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, or Chain or Chains, erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, between the First Day of October and the First Day of April in every Year during the Continuance of this Act shall pay Double the Toll herein-before imposed on such like Carriage or Carriages, according to the Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the same, at each Bar, Gate, Turnpike, or Chain, through which such Carriage or Carriages shall pass j and that every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Carriage whatsoever, passing through any Bar or Bars, Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, or Chain or Chains, erected or to be erected as aforesaid, between the First Day of October and the First Day of April in every Year during the Continuance of this Act, laden with Timber, Plank, Knees, Crooks, or Iron, shall pay, over and

5 . above

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixv. 1311

above the said additional or Double Toll, as the Case may be, at each Bar,

Gate, or Turnpike, or Chain, through which such Carriage or Carriages shall pass, a further or additional Toll of Two-pence per Horse \ any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Carriage going or returning for or with Corn or Grain (except Malt) which shall be carrying from the Barn, Granary, or other Repository of the Grower thereof to Market, shall be charged with or liable to the Payment of the additional or Double Toll between the First Day of October and the First Day of April in any'Year; and that if any Carriage, having passed through any Gate or Turnpike between the First Day of October and the First Day of April in any Year, so laden with Corn or other Grain, for which the Toll payable in respect thereof shall have been paid at any such Gate or Turnpike, shall return laden with any Loading whatsoever, then and in every such Case the like Toll shall be payable again for every such Carriage which shall return or repass laden, as was paid for the same Carriage passing or going laden with Corn or other Grain on the same Day; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Carriages laden with Grain not to be subject to additional or Double Toll unless returning with other Lading.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Power or Power to Authority hereby granted for taking Toll at any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, erected or to be erected ftutho-on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or across any Lane or Way lead- rizean in-ing out of the same, shall not extend to authorize a Double Charge, or creased any greater Duty or Charge than ought to be taken, according to the true char8e> &c Meaning of this Act.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no more than Limiting Four Tolls in the Whole shall be payable for or in respect of the same Number of Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages for passing in One Day, to be com- To11?for puted as aforesaid, through all the Gates, Turnpikes, Bars, or Chains {Jrouij, au erected or to be erected on the said Roads. Gates on the

Road.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect Stage of all Horses or other Beasts, drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Coaches, Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or ][ost cliaise>. Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toil shall have been e,e'ry°Tune paid, and which shall return on the same Day, through the same Turnpike, of passing. Toll Gate, Bar, or Chain, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, Bar, or Chain, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat; and that the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads on the same Day (the Day to be computed as aforesaid) with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid Tolls to be foil for passing through any of the Toll Gates upon the said Turnpike paid but Roads, and producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such once ■" tlle Toil, shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any further Toll for fo^Horses passing through the same Toll Gate on the same Day, before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the same Horse, Mule, or Ass, or any Cattle

laden

1312 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxv.

laden or unladen, but not drawing, but shall pass and repass Toll-freej and no Person who shall have paid Toll for passing through any of the Toll Gates with any Horse or Horses, or other Beasts drawing any Carriage whatsoever, and shall produce a Note or Ticket as aforesaid, shall be liable to pay Toll again upon returning or passing a Second Time through the same Gate, in respect of the same Horse or Horses, or other Beasts drawing the same, or any other Carriage on the same Day, and before Twelve of the Clock at Night; but no Person shall be permitted to pass a Third Time in any One Day, to be computed as aforesaid, with any Carriage whatsoever, and the Horses or other Beasts drawing the same, through any Toll Gate, until he shall pay such and the same Toll as may be demanded and taken from him under and by virtue of this Act, upon his first passing, and so toties quoties for every Third Time that any Person shall pass and repass in one and the same Day with the same Carriage and Horses or other Beasts drawing the same, the said Toll shall be demanded of and paid by such Person in such and the like Manner as if it had been the first Time that he had passed through such Toll Gate.

Application

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already of the Tolls received by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the tobe^bomnv- of Dis ^ate Majesty, and now in the Treasurer’s Hands, or out of

ed# the first Monies which shall arise or be received from the Tolls, Mort-

gages, or otherwise, by this Act granted, the said Trustees shall, in the first Place, pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act, with Interest for the same; and the Remainder of all such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied, in the first Place, in erecting and repairing Milestones, Posts, Turnpikes, Gates, Bars or Chains, and Toll Houses on the said Roads, and afterwards in paying and keeping down the Interest of the Principal Monies borrowed or due under the said former Act, and which by virtue of and under the Powers of this Act, may be borrowed on the Credit thereof; and then in making, repairing, widening, improving, and rendering commodious the said Roads, and in otherwise putting this Act and the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty into Execution; and lastly, in repaying the Principal Monies already borrowed by virtue of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or to be borrowed by virtue of this Act.

No Priority

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given of Mort- to any Person or Persons who hath or have heretofore advanced any Sum

gage'‘ or Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Act, or who shall hereafter advance any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, or to his or their Assignee or Assignees, in respect to the Priority of the Mortgage or Assignment, or of advancing such Sum or Sums of Money j but that as well all Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall hereafter be made or given, his, her, or their Assignee or Assignees, as all Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment hath heretofore been made or given, shall (in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned) be Creditors under this Act, and in equal Degree one with another.

Paying Cre-

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Lot" y sa^ Trustees shall at any Time be desirous of paying off any Portion of the

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxv. 1313

the Principal Monies due and owing on the said Roads, it shall and may be lawful for them at any Meeting (Notice of such intended Meeting, and of the Purpose thereof, being first given at least Thirty Days preceding the same, by Advertisement in some Newspaper published in the said County of Sussex), if they shall think fit, instead of paying the same rate-ably amongst all the Creditors, to determine by Lot to which of such Creditors the Whole or any Portion thereof shall be so paid, and to pay the same to such Creditor or Creditors only, or to any of the Creditors with the Consent of all the other Creditors.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees appointed Trustees not or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally subject personally to or liable to be charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of ]JJorJgages. Money by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or other Security to be made as aforesaid : Provided always, that in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution

shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees, or any of them, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action,

Suit, or Prosecution, shall be defrayed out of the Tolls arising on the Turnpike Roads hereby directed to be amended and repaired.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed in- Trustees, &c. competent to give Evidence, or be disqualified from giving Testimony or may be Wit-Evidence in any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other legal Proceedings to ne9ses’

be brought or had in any Court of Law or Equity, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, under or by virtue of this Act, by reason of being a Trustee of the said Roads, or a Mortgagee or Creditor of the Tolls thereof, or a Farmer, Lessee, or Collector of such Tolls, or a Treasurer, or Clerk, or Surveyor, or other Officer under this Act, nor shall such Testimony or Evidence, for any of the Reasons aforesaid, be rejected, or liable to be questioned or set aside.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as in case of often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or PaTties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made

[Local,] 15 G to

Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials,

Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of Goods of such Trustees or their Trea-

1314

Regulations as to Performance of Statute Work.

4° GEORGII IV. Ca/j.lxv.

to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to -receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that the said Treasurer shall and may retain, out of any Monies which may come into his Hands, in pursuance of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto, in like manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks,. Surveyor or Surveyors by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of th£ Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists, such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices io shall

1315

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixv.

shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their then last or most usual Place of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts,

Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Sussex, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and public Act. taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commence-upon the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty- ment and three, and shall continue and be in force for and during the Term of Continuance Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of of 1 13 Act* Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Roads from Barnsley Common to Grange Moor and White Cross; and from the Guide Post in Barngh over Barugh Brook into the Township of Cawthorne, all in the County of York.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for repair- 32G. 2. c. 70. ing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for Two hundred Tards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County; And whereas another Act was passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging is G. 3. C. 96. the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for Two hundred Tards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County: And whereas another Act was also passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign [Local.} 15 H of

1318 4" GEORGII IV. Cfljo.lxvi.

42G. 3. C. 2I. of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange .Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh to a Rivulet called Bar ugh Brook, and from thence for Two hundred Tards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County : And whereas the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, and which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be sufficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept in repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged, and the Tolls increased or altered: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-3G.4. c. 126. tuled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : And whereas it would facilitate the Execution of the Purposes aforesaid if the said first Three recited Acts were repealed, and further Provisions made for the Repair of the said Roads : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-Three first- rity of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said recited Acts recited Acts of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the repealed. Second, and of the Eighteenth and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed j and that this Act shall from thenceforth commence and take effect, and be put in execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the Roads herein-after described; (that is to say), the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for Two hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County; and this Act, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the same Roads, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, or of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected; and that all and every Persons and Person owing any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing the said first Three recited Acts shall be liable to the Payment thereof to the Trustees herein-after appointed or directed to be appointed for executing this Act; and all Bonds, Conveyances, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities made to or by or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for executing the said first Three recited Acts, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and in Equity until the same be fully satisfied and performed on ac-i o count

1319

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvi.

count and for the Benefit of the Trusts under this Act j and all Bargains, Contracts, Agreements or Notices made, entered into, or given by the Trustees for executing the said first Three recited Acts with or to any Person or Persons, for any Purpose relating to the said Roads, or to the Execution of the said Acts or any of them, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees under this Act, and by the other respective Parties to such Contracts, Agreements, or Notices, according to the Terms, Stipulations, and the true and equitable Intent and Meaning thereof, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said first Three recited Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Appointment Peace acting for the West Riding of the County of York for the Time ot rrustees-being, together with Robert Affleck Clerk, Sir George Armytage Baronet,

John Armytage, Henry Armytage, Joseph Atkinson the younger, Thomas Atkinson, Thomas Allen, Joseph Armitage, George Armitage, Benjamin Haigb Allen, John Allen, Joseph Green Armitage, Henry Alexander, George Addi-nell, George Alletson, Sir John Beckett Baronet, Thomas Richard Beaumont>

Joseph Beckett, John Bell, John Bayldon of Carlton, John Staniforth Beckett, the Honourable Godfrey Bosville, Thomas Wentworth Beaumont, William Bosville Beaumont, Christopher Bird Clerk, George Beckett Clerk, John Birks,

Nicholas Brown, Henry Bowden, Bruno Bowden, William Walker Battye,

James Brook, Joseph Brook, John Brook, Samuel Brook, Thomas Bayldon,

Thomas Bedford, Edward Beaumont, Richard Beaumont, Henry Ralph Beaumont, John Sanderson Bayldon, William Bayldon, Edward Blackett Beaumont, Henry Clarke, John Carr, John Clarke of New Laithes, Stuart Corbett Doctor in Divinity, Edward Collingwood, Richard Crookes, John Francis Carr, Robert Carr, John Dodgscn Charlesworth, Joseph Clarke,

Samuel Cooper, John Clarke, John Cor deux, Joseph Charlesworth, James Crossland, Robert Coiddwell Clarke, William Clarke, Charles Theophilus Clarke, George Clarke of Higham, Henry Bowden Cooke Clerk, Jeremiah Dixon Clerk, Elihu Dickinson, James Dow Doctor of Medicine, John Dickinson, John Dobson, Thomas Dinsley, John Dransfield, Francis Edmunds,

Francis Offley Edmunds, Robert Ellerby Clerk, Robert Elmhirst, William Elmhirst, Thomas Elmhirst, Richard Elmhirst, John Firth, Walter Fawkes,

Francis Hawkesworth Fawkes, John Fisher, Lewis Fenton, John Firth, the younger, Andrew Faulds, John Field, Joseph Fox, John Gill, Thomas Hardy, Francis Hawkesworth, Joseph Holdsworth, Samuel Holdsworth,

George Hammond, John Haxworth, Joseph Hargreaves, Joseph Hall, John Horsfall, Joseph Haigh, John Horsfall the younger, Edward Hinchliffe,

Robert Hodgson, George Hutchinson, George Horsington, Elias Holt, George Humble, Edward Hall, William Jackson, Edward Jackson, William Johnson,

Thomas Jackson, John Johnson, Sir John Lister Kaye Baronet, George Lister Kaye, Arthur Lister Kaye, Henry Lister Kaye, George Keir, Francis Ken-dray, John Mallison Keir, John Lindley, Charles Long, John Lee, Henry Lonsdale, John Lowe Clerk, John Lockwood, James Lister, William Lancaster, Thomas Lee, Richard Milnes, William Milnes, John Micklethwait,

John Moore, John Moore the younger, Benjamin Mence Clerk, Richard Micklethwait, Richard Greaves Moore, Timothy John Manley Doctor of Medicine, Francis Maude, William Cookes Mence, Matthew Mark Clerk,

John Naylor, Jeremiah Todd Naylor Clerk, William Naylor, William Newman,

John Ness, Samuel Oxley Doctor of Medicine, Richard Pickering Doctor of Medicine, John Perkins, James Porter, Francis Pickering of Leeds, William Railton Clerk, Thomas Rishworth, William Rodham, Thomas Rishworth

the

1320 4" GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxri.

the younger, Robert Richardson, James Rishworth, Richard Ray wood, John Rowley, James Roberts, Richard Raywood the younger, Joseph Ray wood. Sir Edward Smith Baronet, Joseph Shaw, Charles Stringer, John Schofield, Sir George Sitwell Baronet, John Spencer Stanhope, Charles Spencer Stanhope Clerk, George Shawy William Spicer, John Sturgess, John Sturgess the younger, Mark Skelton the younger, William Stansfeld, Henry Stables, Walter William Stables, Francis Scholefield, William Scholefield, Mark Skeltony Francis Swift, Christopher Seniory Philip Spencer Stanhope, John Sanderson Clerk, John Scholefield, Joseph Shelton, Joseph Speight, John Tinker, Samuel Thorp, Richard Thorp, Edward Taylor, John Thornely, Thomas Taylor, John Taylor, Thomas Thexton Clerk, William Thorp, Samuel Thorp the younger, Charles Teey William Wright son, Godfrey Wentworth Wentworth, William Wood Clerk, Thomas West, Thomas Wordsworth, Thomas Walker, John Woollin, William Whittaker, Sir Francis Findley Wood Baronet, James Archibald Stuart Wortley, Frederick Thomas William Vernon Wentworth, Godfrey Wentworth, Charles Wood, Wentworth, John Stuart

Wortley, Charles James Stuart Wortley, James Stuart Wortley, Thomas White, John Whitworth, James Arthington Wilson, Joseph Walker, Joseph Samuel Walker, Thomas Wood, Daniel Wilson, Thomas Wilson the younger, Robert Willan Clerk, and Bernard John Wake, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the said Roads, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

Powers of

III. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the

3 G.4.C. 126. Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the

this Act!to Powers> Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act) shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

Power to

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the appoint ad- said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time Trustees to ^me» at anY t^le^r Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect and appoint any Number of Persons (not exceeding Five in the whole, in addition to the Number of Trustees herein named and appointed), to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and such Persons so elected and appointed, and being duly qualified according to the Provisions or Directions of the said last-recited Act, and having taken and subscribed the Oath, or being a Quaker having made and subscribed the Affirmation in the said Act and this Act mentioned, shall be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act as if they had been herein named.

Trustees to V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be be sworn. capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and prescribed; and unless, being so qualified, he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee, (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, and the Oath or Affirmation hereinafter mentioned) take and subscribe, or being of the People called Quakers,

shall

1321

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvi.

shall make and subscribe, before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same), the Oath or Affir-mation following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly ‘ affirm], That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of

* my Judgment, execute, and perform the several Powers, Authorities,

V and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in

* the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth,

‘ intituled An Act &c. [here set forth the Title of this Act], and of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled ‘ [here set forth the Title of the Act.] So help me GOD.*

‘ [Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words 1 So help me God.’]

And if any Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, (or, being of the People called Quakers, have made and subscribed such Affirmation), every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said last recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath (or, being of the People called Quakers, to make and subscribe the Affirmation) by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath, or made such Affirmation, previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for executing this Meetings of Act shall meet together at the White Bear Hotel, or some other conve- Trustees, nient Place in the said Town of Barnsley, on the Second Monday after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall Adjourn-and may then and from Time to Time after adjourn to and meet at such menls' Times and at such Place or Places within the said Town as they shall think proper; and in case a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act shall not appear at any Time and Place appointed for a Meeting, then the Trustees or Trustee appearing at such Time and Place, or if no Trustee shall appear, then the Clerk shall, and they and he are and is hereby respectively authorized to adjourn the Meeting to the Place where the same was appointed to have been held, and to such Time as they or he shall think fit, not being more than Forty Days nor sooner than Ten Days from the Day of such last intended Meeting; and in case If no Ad-at any Time no Adjournment of any Meeting or intended Meeting shall be be

made as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk to the clerk*or 6 said Trustees, or for any Two or more of such Trustees, although not Two Trus-assembled at a Meeting, to call a Meeting of the Trustees, by Notice to tees m»y call be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the said West ? Medng Riding, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the said Roads, ap- y °t,ce' pointing the Trustees to meet at such Time and Place within the said Town as the said Clerk or the said Trustees respectively giving such [Local,] 15 I Notice,

1322

Powers of the Act may be executed by Three or more Trus-

ings, and the Proceedings of the Majority of the Trustees present shall be as valid as if all the Trustees had been present.

No Order to be revoked unless Five Trustees present, and major Part concur.

Meetings on Emergencies.

Books of Proceedings kept under former Acts to be Evi-

4U GEORGII IV. Cap. 1x4.

Notice, shall think proper, not exceeding Forty Days, nor sooner than Ten Days from the Date of advertising such Meeting; and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act or the said last recited Act given to, and all the Matters and Things by this Act or the said last recited Act directed or authorized to be done by the said Trustees, shall and may be executed and done by or before the Majority of the Trustees assembled at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, the whole Number present not being less than Three, and the same shall be of as full force and effect as if executed or done by or before all the Trustees for executing this Act (except in such Cases where any such Power, Authority, Matter, or Thing is by this Act or the said last recited Act particularly directed or authorized to be executed or done by any other Number of Trustees, or in any other Manner); and at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act a Chairman shall or may be appointed; and in all Cases where there shall be an Equality of Votes upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman), such Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote; and all Orders made under the Powers and Provisions of this Act, or of the said recited Acts, may be revoked or altered if Occasion shall require, provided that no such Order shall be revoked or altered, except at some Meeting where not less than Five Trustees shall be present, nor unless the Majority of the Trustees so present shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration, nor unless Three or more Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk under their Hands, and also cause Notice to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the said West Riding, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the said Roads, specifying that such Revocation or Alteration is intended to be moved for, Fourteen Days at least previous to any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose; and the Trustees shall at their several Meetings pay their own Expences, except any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings per Diem for the Use of the Room wherein they shall meet.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary, for the better Execution of this Act, that the said Trustees should meet on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk to the Trustees, by or under an Order in Writing signed by Two or more Trustees, or for any Two or more Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) to call a Meeting of the Trustees, to be held at such Time and Place in the said Town as they shall think proper, by Notice, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such Meeting, to be inserted in some public Newspaper circulated in the said West Riding, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then standing or being across the said Roads (such Time being not less than Fourteen Days after Publication of such Notice); and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment: Provided always, that no other Business than what shall be specified in such Notice shall be transacted at any such Meeting.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Proceedings of the Trustees in the Execution of the said first Three recited Acts, kept according to the Directions or Provisions thereof, and made Evidence

5 thereby,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvi. 1323

thereby, shall be admitted in Evidence in all Courts, and by all Judges, deooe,and to-Justices, and others; and all which Books, and also all Books of Accounts gj of Receipts and Disbursements made under the said first Three recited kept of Ac-Acts, and all Books for registering Mortgages or Assignments made in counts under pursuance thereof, shall be preserved and kept by the Clerk for the Time Acts' being to the said Trustees, and shall at all seasonable Times be open to JotheInsp«c-the Inspection of the said Trustees, and any Creditor or Creditors of the tion of the Tolls, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, or Trustees and any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Cleditors. Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit penalty for or shall not permit the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any of them, Action to inspect the said Book or Books, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any of their Appoint-Meetings shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Clerk, Treasurer ment 01 or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or t)fl‘cers* Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from, Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Removal of any such Officer or Officers may appoint another or others in his or their Stead; and every such Appointment and Removal shall be entered in the Book of the Proceedings of the Trustees; and Twenty-one Days Notice shall be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the said West Riding, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates standing or being across the said Roads, of every Meeting where any such Appointment or Removal shall be intended to be made after the first Meeting of the said Trustees, specifying the Intention of appointing or removing such Officer or Officers; and the said Trustees shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries, and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed, or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in or about the carrying this Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every 01d Officers Treasurer who shall have been appointed consistently with the Provisions y°t<jj>^tinue of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His pre- o"ie‘s "Sagd. sent Majesty, and not contrary to the Provisions or Directions of this Act,

and each and every Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer appointed under and by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts, shall hold and enjoy such their several and respective Offices and Employments until removed therefrom by the Trustees for executing this Act; and each and every such Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer shall have the like Power and Authority for the Purposes of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties, and to the like Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations, in all respects whatsoever, as if he had been appointed by virtue of this Act.

1324

Clerk not to act as Tre-surer, and vice versa.

Treasurer, &c. to give Security.

Trustees may appoint tem-

Officers to account, and pay over Balances.

4° GEORGII IV. CajB.lxvi.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who hath been or who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Cletk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint the Person who hath been or who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be 'recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized directed and required to take sufficient Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers acting by virtue of this Act, for the due and faithful Execution of his or their Office, and also shall or may take such Security from any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, or any other Officer acting in Execution of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls hereby granted shall neglect or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, or otherwise misbehave or misconduct himself, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver; and in such case, and also in case any Collector or Receiver shall die, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the Trustees, or until removed by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, which Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as if he or they had been nominated and appointed at a Meeting called and held in pursuance of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer appointed under or by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts, and who shall be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, shall on the first Monday in every Month, or oftener, if required by Notice signed by Three or more of the said Trustees given to him or them, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode, from Time to Time, within Seven Days after Service of such Notice, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they for that Purpose shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under his or their Hand or respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by him or them respectively

1325

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvi.

respectively had, collected, or received by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts and this Act respectively, and how and to whom and for what Purpose the same and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments; and such Officers and Persons shall and they are hereby respectively required, within Fourteen Days after so exhibiting their Accounts, or within such other further Time as the said Trustees shall order or appoint, to pay all such Monies, as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their or his Hands, to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the same, or to pay the Balance remaining in their or his Hands within the Time or in manner aforesaid, if thereunto required by the said Trustees; or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Two or more of them shall appoint to take the same, within Fourteen Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, in anywise relating to the Execution of this Act or to the said Roads, and Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall live or reside, by the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons by them authorized on their Behalf, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to summon such Officer or Officers or Person or Persons to appear before him, and in case such Officer or Officers or Person or Persons shall not appear upon such Summons (the same having been served upon him or them personally, or left at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode, and no reasonable Cause or Causes, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice, being shown for such Non-appearance), to issue a Warrant or Warrants for the Apprehension of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons; and it shall be lawful for such Justice, upon the Appearance of such Officer or Officers or Person or Persons upon such Summons, or upon his or their being apprehended and brought before such Justice by virtue of such Warrant, or upon his or their having absconded or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in the same Manner as the Trustees might have done j and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been so had, collected, and received, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers or Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the same, or if such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons appearing, or being brought before the said Justice in manner aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to such Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Pay-fLocal.] 15 K inents

1326

Power to erect Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Side-bars, Weigh-ingMachines. &c.

Toll Houses becoming useless may be sold.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvi.

ments as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Roads; then and in any of the Cases aforesaid such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place where he or they shall live or reside, or to any House of Correction within the same, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his and their Accounts, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his or their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as shall have been made by virtue of this Act in respect thereof, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the same, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), or until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees or to such Justice; but no such Officer or other Person who shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress only shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they think proper, to continue or remove all and every or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes, and Toll Houses and Weighing Machines now standing and being in or upon or across the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof, and also to erect and set up or build, or cause to be erected, set up, and built upon, in, or across the said Roads, by this Act directed or authorized to be repaired and amended or made, or any Part thereof, or upon or across the Entrance to any public Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same, or any Part thereof, when, where, and as they shall judge necessary, any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Gate or Side Gates, Side Bar or Side Bars, Chain or Chains, Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, and also one or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with Outhouses and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Gate, Bar, Chain, or Weighing Machine, and to take in and inclose, on the Sides of the said Roads, suitable Garden Spots for the same respectively, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre each, as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to take down and remove, or to alter and discontinue the same, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and direct or appoint.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said Roads absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses already erected on the said Roads or any Part thereof, or hereafter to be erected or continued on the same by virtue of this Actj together with the Ground whereon the same may stand, and all Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances belonging thereunto, whenever the same shall be considered by the said Trustees to be useless or unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever,

7 cither

1327

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixvi.

either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of any such Sale being made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Premises to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and upon Payment of the Purchase Money to the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall hold and enjoy the Premises in Fee Simple, discharged from all Trusts, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of the Purchase Money, nor be answer-aide for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such and the like Preference and Priority of purchasing the Premises so to be sold shall always be given to the Owner or Owners of the next adjoining Land as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given in case of the Sale of any Piece or Pieces of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of a Turnpike Road.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Power to the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed or continued, or take Tolls, to be appointed Collector or Collectors of the Tolls to be taken by virtue

of this Act, to demand and take the Tolls herein-after mentioned, at the several and respective Toll Gates or Turnpikes or Toll Houses, or Side Gates or Side Bars or Chains, which are or shall be standing and being, or continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads or either of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say),

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Stage Coach, Tolls. Berlin, Landau, Barouche, Chariot, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Chair, Curricle, Phaeton, Calash, Sociable, Car, Gig, Caravan, Van, Hearse, or Litter, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, or any Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Ox, Cow, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Calf, Sheep, Swine, or Lamb, the Sum of One Halfpenny.

Which said respective Tolls or Sums of Money shall be demanded and raken as aforesaid before any Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast or Cattle,

Coach, Stage Coach, Berlin, Landau, Barouche, Chariot, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Chair, Curricle, Phaeton, Calash, Sociable, Car, Gig, Caravan,

Van, Hearse, Litter, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike, or Side Cafe or Side Bar or Chain; and such several and respective Tolls or Sums of Money shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act in manner herein-after directed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Per- To)|s to be son shall have paid the Toll hereby authorized toibe taken for the pass- paid but once ing of any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, through any one of such Day.

Toll

1328

Limiting the Number of Tolls on the wholeLineof Road.

Stage

Coaches, &c. to pay every Time of passing.

Post Chaises to be subject again to Toll on every new Hiring.

Leases to be vacated;

but Satisfaction to be made to Lessees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvi.

Toll Gates or Turnpikes or Side Gates, such Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage shall, upon a Ticket denoting the Payment thereof on that Day being produced, be permitted to pass Toll-free through the same Toll Gate, Turnpike, or Side Gate, and also through such other Gate or Gates, if any, as the Ticket for such Payment shall free, at any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to empower the said Trustees, or any Collector or Collectors, to demand or take, for or in respect of the same Horse, Beast, Carriage, or Cattle, for passing or repassing at any Time or Times in any one Day (to be computed as aforesaid) through all or any of the Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Side Gates along the whole Line of the said Roads, more than Three full Tolls, the Distance between each respective Place of Payment being at least Three Miles.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing any Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, or Stage Waggon, or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay or Reward, every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads, or either of them.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught let out to hire, and drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage, every Time of passing along the said Roads, or either of them, whenever any new Hiring thereof shall be made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Demises, Leases, and Agreements for Lease or Leases, or Letting of the Tolls on the said Roads, heretofore granted, shall on the Third Monday after the passing of this Act cease and be void; and in case any Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of such Tolls, or any other Person or Persons, shall on the Vacation or Avoidance of such Demises, Leases, or Agreements, or Letting, refuse or neglect to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House, Toll Gate, Bar, Chain, or Weighing Machine, or the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the said Trustees, or to any Persons acting under their Authority, after Demand thereof made, then it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to remove such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or Person or Persons from the Possession thereof, in such Manner as is herein-after directed with respect to the Removal of the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls to arise and be made payable under this Act, whose Lease or Leases, Contract or Contracts, shall be avoided or vacated, as is herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that the said Trustees shall, on or before the said Third Monday after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby authorized, directed, and required, to make or tender a fair and just Compensation and Satisfaction to the present Lessees or Lessee of such Tolls, for the Loss or Damage which they, he, or she may or might thereby sustain (such Loss or Damage being calculated

1329

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvi.

culated according to the Amount of the Tolls which were payable at the Time of such Leases or Contracts being entered into, and not according to the Amount of the Tolls hereby made payable); and in case any such Lessees or Lessee shall be dissatisfied with the Amount of such Compensation, then and in such Case such Lessees or Lessee shall and may recover Compensation for the Loss or Damage sustained, by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and also (unless the Amount recovered shall be less than the Sum tendered by or on Behalf of the said Trustees), shall have and recover their full Costs of Suit; provided also, that in case the said Trustees and the present Lessees of the said Tolls, or any of them, shall be desirous that such Demises, Leases, or Agreements, or Letting, shall continue in force for the Remainder of the respective Terms for which the same or any of them shall have been granted or made, then and in such Case such Lessees or Lessee shall pay such Sums of Money, or such additional Rent, to the said Trustees, as such Trustees shall think fit, as a Consideration for the continuing of such Leases or Lease or Letting; and in case of any Difference or Dispute respecting the Amount of such Sum or Rent, such Difference or Dispute shall be settled by any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place where the Toll House shall be situate, which such Justices are hereby empowered to do, on Application being made to them for that Purpose by such Lessees or Lessee, and on Proof of Seven Days Notice of the Intention of such Lessees or Lessee having been given in Writing by such Lessees or Lessee to or at the Office of the Clerk of the said Trustees.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the Tolls Lessees, or arising on the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, Persons demised, or let to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may ^(p"int^ be lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or occupy Toll such other Person or Persons as he or they shall authorize or appoint, to Homes, occupy and enjoy the Toll House or Toll Houses at which the said Tolls

so let are to be collected and to arise, with all the Appurtenances and Conveniences to the same Toll House or Toll Houses belonging, for the Purpose of collecting such Tolls, during so long Time only as such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall duly and regularly pay his, her, or their Rent or Rents, and perform the Covenants, Agreements, and Conditions of such Lease, Demise, or Letting, but no further or orherwise.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls Enabling arising on the said Roads shall be demised or let to farm to any Person Trustees to or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer l!*ke 1>^se.8.' or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Houses when Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, or in case the let to farm. Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Part or Instalment thereof, shall be in arrear or unpaid

for the Space of Seven Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid pursuant to the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting thereof, or in case such Lease, Agreement, or Contract shall in any other Manner become void, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, upon Application made by the said Trustees, or by \_Local.~^ 15 L any

1330 4" GEORGII IV. Cap.kvi.

any Person by them appointed on their Behalf, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of every or any Toll House, Toll Gate, Bar, or Chain, or Weighing Machine, and the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the Day-time, and to remove and put such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arising thereout respectively, or other the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the same, and from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls, and to give to the said Trustees, or other Persons acting by or under their Authority, Possession thereof; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall think fit, to vacate and determine the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall accordingly be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other unperformed or broken Obligations, Covenants, or Agreements on the Lessee’s Part) as if such Lease, Agreement, or Contract had never been made; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, in every such Case, to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected in such and the same Manner as if no former Lease, Agreement, or Contract had been made relative thereto.

Application of the Tolls and Money to be bor-

Trustees restrained from pulling down Dwelling Houses, &c. without the Consent of Owner.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already received by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts, and now in the Treasurer’s Hands, or out of the first Money which shall arise or be received from the Tolls by this Act granted, or otherwise, the said Trustees shall in the first place pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act, with Interest for the same; and the Remainder of all such Monies shall (after Payment of the necessary Expences of erecting or repairing Toll Gates, Toll Houses, Milestones or Posts and Fences, and for Books, Advertisements, Salaries of Officers, and other such Expences incidental to the Execution of this Act) be applied, in the first place, in keeping down the Interest of the Principal Monies advanced or borrowed on the Credit of the said first Three recited Acts, in preference to the Interest of any Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act; and in the next place in keeping down the Interest of the Principal Monies which by virtue of and under the Powers of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty may be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and afterwards in amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the said Roads, and in otherwise putting this Act into Execution; and then in repaying the Principal Monies already borrowed by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts, and lastly, in repaying the Principal Monies to be borrowed by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and .Authorities given by the said last recited Act, for amending, altering, turning, widening, and improving the said Roads, shall not extend or be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take

1 '8 or

1331

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvi.

or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Curtilage, Orchard, Lawn, or Shrubbery, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof or other Person interested therein first had and obtained.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Fences may Trustees and they are hereby empowered to make, and erect or place, be made 911 or to cause to be made, erected, or placed, sufficient Fences on the Sides of Sides offroad such Parts of the Roads to be repaired, widened, or altered by virtue of ^re ne^e*' this Act, or the said last recited Act, where they shall think it necessary, y*

and of such Materials as they shall judge proper; and after any such Fences shall be made through or over any private Lands, Fields, or Grounds, the same shall be for ever thereafter the Property of the Persons or Parties on whose Lands, Fields, or Grounds the same shall have been made, erected, or placed, and shall be supported and maintained by or at the Expence of the Owners or Proprietors, or Occupiers of the Lands, Fields, or Grounds whereon such Fences shall have been so made, erected, or placed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Ditches, Trustees, and their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons Drains,

by them appointed, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to Bridges, &c* make such Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, and of such Depth and made and Breadth as they shall consider expedient, for the Purpose of keeping the cleansed, said Roads dry, and conveying the Water from the same, into or through any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying near the said Roads (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House); and also such sufficient Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, or Tunnels, as shall be requisite or necessary, at the Expence of the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, any thing in the said last recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and all new Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses, Bridges,

Arches, Culverts, Trunks or Tunnels, to be made in pursuance of this Act, when so made and completed by the said Trustees, shall for ever afterwards be scoured, cleansed, and kept open, repaired and maintained by the Occupier of the adjoining Lands or Grounds; but all such ne\v Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, and Tunnels, as shall cross or pass through, in, or under the said Roads, shall be maintained and repaired by the said Trustees, subject to the Provisions of the said last recited Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per- Persons &c sons, Counties, Towns, Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Villages, and before liable Places, and the Inhabitants thereof respectively, and Bodies Politic, Cor- to Repairs to porate, and Collegiate, and the Members thereof, who heretofore hath or cont*nue8°* have used, or of right ought to repair any Part of the said Roads, or

any Bridge, Watercourse, Drain, or Sewer in or upon the same, or to pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the Repairs thereof, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or otherwise howsoever, shall notwithstanding this Act be subject and liable to such Repairs, or to the Payment of such Sums of Money, in the same

< Manner

1332 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvi.

Manner as he, she, or they and every of them would have been in case this Act had not been passed.

Statute

Labour.

Justices to

determine

Differences

touching

StatuteWork.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place in which the said Roads, or either of them, or any Part thereof lies, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject or liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees) shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Laboured, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and

1333

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvi.

and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off or discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant undpr the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place wherein such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways shall live or reside, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Per- Trustees may sons or Person as they shall for that Purpose authorize or appoint, shall contract for and may and they and he are and is hereby empowered to contract with altering or any Person or Persons for amending, altering, turning, widening, improv- n pajjn|^*ie ing, or repairing the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for 1 oa s* c' erecting Mile or Direction Stones or Posts, Bridges, Culverts, or Arches thereon or therein, or for doing any other Works to be performed in the Execution of this Act or the said last recited Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, by their Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act or the said last recited Act, shall be binding on the said Trustees and their Successors, and upon all other Parties who shall sign the same, and the Executors and Administrators of such other Parties; and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be requisite for amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, or repairing the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against such Party or Parties, or Person or Persons so as afore-[W.] ,5 M said

1334

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trus-

Treasurer.

Trustees not

fiersonally iable for Mortgages.

Penalty For

certain

Offences.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvi.

said making default in fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees or their Treasurer (which such Treasurer is hereby authorized and required to pay to the Party or Parties entitled to the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices), then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to such Sum or Sums of Money, or Compensation or Satisfaction aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally subject to or charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or other Security, under or by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts or this Act: Provided always, that in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of the said first Three recited Acts or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be defrayed out of the Tolls arising on the said Roads.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall wilfully pull down, break, injure, or damage any Table of Tolls put up or affixed at any Toll Gate or Bar on any Part of the said Roads, or wilfully or designedly deface or obliterate any of the Inscriptions,

1335

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Lxvi.

tions, Letters, Figures, or Marks thereon; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up, throw down, break, injure, or damage any Posts,

Rails, or Fences now or at any Time hereafter to be placed or put up by Order of the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, either by the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or at or near to any Pit or Quarry which shall be used, opened, or made for the getting of Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the Purposes of this Act, in order to prevent Accidents; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully cause any Damage or Injury to be done to any Bridge, Arch, Wall, or other Building or Erection to be set up or erected by virtue of the said former Acts or this Act on any Part of the said Roads, or by the Side or Sides thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall cast or throw any Earth or Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing into any Drain, Ditch, Culvert, Tunnel, or other Watercourse in or by the Side of the said Roads, so as to obstruct the Water from running or draining off the said Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall, without being thereto authorized by the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being acting under this Act, shovel up, scrape, gather, or carry away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, Slutch, Dirt, Mire, Drift, or Soil, from off any Footpath or Causeway, or any other Part of the said Roads; or if any Person shall turn loose any Horse, Ass, Beast, Sheep, or Swine upon the said Roads, or suffer any Horse, Ass, Beast, Sheep, or Swine to be turned loose, or to wander or stray, or to be or remain upon the said Roads to graze or depasture on the Sides thereof; or if any Person on Horseback meeting any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or other Person on Horseback upon the said Roads, shall not keep his Horse on the Left or Near Side of the said Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall dig, make, or use any Pit or Pits for sawing of Timber or Wood on the Side of the said Roads, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence; and every such Offender shall also pay to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Person or Persons, such Sum of Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damage or Injury so done or occasioned to any such Table of Tolls, Post,

Rail, Fence, Bridge, Arch, Wall, or other Building or Erection; and such Penalties and Damages shall be levied and recovered (together with the necessary Costs and Charges of levying the same) by the same Ways and Means, and in the like Manner as Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines are by the said last recited Act directed or authorized to be levied; and one Moiety of such Penalties shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied or disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That where by this Act or the said Damages and last recited Act any Damages or Charges are directed or authorized to Cases be paid or recovered, in addition to any Penalty or Penalties, for any i,oWaJ, Offence or Offences, the Amount of such Damages or Charges, in case of ascertained. Dispute respecting the same, shall be settled, ascertained, and determined by the Justice or Justices of the Peace by or before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any such Offence or Offences, and shall and may be levied and recovered by such and the like Ways and Means as any such Penalty or Penalties may be recovered by virtue of the said last recited Act.

1336 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvi.

[Public Act.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon

Continuance Pass*ng thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty-one of this Act. Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for more effectually amending, repairing, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, through Wellingborough in the County of Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell in the County of Buckingham.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road 27G12. c.Jl. leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town q/'Wellingborough in the County ^Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagneli in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge: And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in 13^ 3 5,37 the Twenty.sexenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering in the f t.ocalj 15 A’ County

1338

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvii.

County of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell in the County of Bucks: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled 21G. 3. C. 103. An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing Two Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the lieign of King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kettering in the County ^Northampton to Newport Pagnell in the County of Bucks, to take down the Turnpike erected in Sherrington Field in the said County of Bucks, and to remove the same to the North End of Sherrington Bridge in the said County: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign 42G.3-c. 37. of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Thirteenth and 'Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough in the County of Northampton, and through Olney over Sherrington Bridge to Newport Pagnell in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed at Interest several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Road; and which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be effectually amended and kept in repair, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged, and the Tolls increased : And whereas an Act was passed 3G.4.C. 12C. in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : And whereas it is desirable that the said several Acts passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Thirteenth, Twenty-first, and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, should be repealed, and that such further Powers and Provisions as are herein-after mentioned should be granted and made for the better Repair and Management of the said Road; but as the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said repeated.CtS recited Acts passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Thirteenth, Twenty-first, and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, shall, on the Tuesday Fortnight next after the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby severally repealed; and that instead thereof this Act shall then commence and take place and be put in Execution, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the 4 Parish

1339

4° GEORGII IV. Cyixvii.

Parish of Kettering, through the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places of Kettering, Pytchley, Isham, Little Harrowden, Great Harrowden, Wellingborough, Irchester, Wollaston, Stri^ton^nd Bozeat, in the County of Northampton, and Warrington, Olney, Emberton, Sherrington, and Lathbury, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and that this Act and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized by the said Acts hereby repealed or any of them to be taken on the said lload, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed, or become due and owing on the Credit of this Act, or of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected j and all Conveyances to, or Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, and Securities made or entered into by any Person or Persons, to or with the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, or any of them, according to the Provisions and Directions thereof shall remain in full force and effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are or shall be fully satisfied and performed; and all Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, and Securities, duly made and entered into by the Trustees for executing the said Four first recited Acts, or any of them, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full force and effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees under this Act, and be observed and kept by them, according to the Terms, Stipulations, Conditions, and Tenor thereof respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act), shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being acting for the respective Counties of Northampton and Buckingham, together with the Right Honourable John Charles Spencer commonly called Viscount Althorp, the Right Honourable Charles Arbuthnot, Justinian Alston, Rowland Alston, here John Alston Clerk, Charles Horace Alston, Robert Andrew, William Andrews, John Armytage, George Anderson Clerk, Robert Abbey, 11 iltiarn Alington Clerk, the Honourable James Brudenell commonly called Viscount Brudenell, William Battams, Edward Bourerie, Everard Bowerie, John Booth, Sir Richard Brooke dc Cupel Brooke Baronet, Arthur Brooke, William Bithrey, John Bithrey, John Boudier Clerk, John Baldwin, Theodore Bouwens Clerk, William James Baily, William Billings, Stamp Brooksbank, Thomas Butcher, Thomas Burnaby, Thomas Palmer Bull, the Right Honourable Spencer Joshua Alwyne Compton commonly called Earl Compton,

William

This Act liable, &c- to all Money due.

Powers of 3G.4.C. 126. extended to this Act.

Appointment of Trustees.

1340

4° GEORGII IV. Csjo.lxvii.

William Ralph Cartwright, John Callis, Adam Carrie, John Corric, Charles Chester, Daniel Coles, Edward Cowley, Robert Collison, John Freer Congreve, Richard Cautley Clerk, William Cotton Clerk, John Dainty, Francis Dickins, Watson William Dickins Clerk, the Honour, able and Reverend James Douglas, John Dowbiggin Clerk, William Drake Clerk, William Drayson, Thomas Drayson, Robert Edmonds, William B. Fletcher Clerk, John Fisher Clerk, John Freestone, Thomas Fry Clerk, Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, William Gee, Sir Robert Gunning Baronet, Joseph Gulston, Thomas Gardner Clerk, John Gibbard, Francis Gibbons, Charles Gibbon, William Gibbon, James Gibbs Clerk, Haynes Gibbs Clerk, John Cooper Gotch, William Green, William Gaudern, John Garrard, Daniel Goodall, Robert Shuttleworth Grimshawe Clerk, Henry Gauntlett Clerk, Joseph Harpur, George Hale, Thomas Hale, John Slater Hall, Thomas Hallowell, Joseph Harrold, Robert Hawkins, Henry Hensman, Charles Hill, John Higgins, Thomas Charles Higgins, William Bartholomew Higgins, Hugh Richard Hoare, Henry Van Hagen, Charles Marius Hardy, Richard Howes, Thomas Howes, John Baron Howes, Sir Justinian Isham Baronet, Vere Isham Clerk, Henry Isham Clerk, Charles Euselry Isham Clerk, Samuel Isted, Matthew Easton Jones, George Jones, Edward Jones Clerk, Francis Jones Clerk. John Kipling, Thomas Keep, Joseph Keep of Broughton, William Keep, Joseph Keep of Wellingborough, Matthew Knapp, Primatt Knapp Clerk, Richard Kitelee, Joseph Kitelee, William Layng Clerk, Robert Lowndes Clerk, Arthur Lovell, John Allen Lovell, William Lucas, George Lucas, Henry Lucas, Henry Laughton, the Right Honourable Charles William Wentworth commonly called Viscount Milton, Thomas Philip Maunsell, Archibald Morton, William Morton, Charles Morton, James Morton, William Marshall Clerk, George Warcup Malim Clerk, Richard Maxey, George Margetts, Thomas Mercer, John Mercer, Richard Orlebar, Richard Longuet Orlebar, Robert Charles Orlebar, John Osmond, George Osborn, John Oliver, Sir John Henry Palmer Baronet, Joseph Foster Palmer, Peter Payne, George Payne, Charles PinJ'old, William Praed, William Tyringham Praed, James Backwell Praed, John Pretyman Clerk, Charles Pryce Clerk, Samuel Woodfield Paul Clerk. Samuel Pell of Sywell, Samuel Pell of Mears Ashby, Captain Watkin Owen Pell R. N., John Pickering, James Perry, Henry Reade Quartley Clerk, Sir George Robinson Baronet, William Villiers Robinson Clerk, George Stamp Robinson Clerk, Isaac Robinson, Legh Richmond Clerk, John Capel Rose, Archibald Rodick, William Houghton senior, William Roughlon junior, John Rogers, William Childs Ratliffe, William Sawbridge, Henry Barne Sawbridge, Thomas Sanderson Clerk, Samuel Sharman senior, Samuel Sharman junior, Robert Sherard, Thomas Slater Clerk, Loraine Loraine Smith Clerk, William Tyler Smyth, William Smyth senior. Clerk, William Smyth junior, Clerk, the Honourable and Reverend Richard Bruce Stopford, William Stockdale Clerk, Richard Scriven, John Scriven, Samuel Somes, Sir George Throckmorton Baronet, Claude George Thornton, William Talbot Clerk, John Hale Talbot, John Talbot, Charles Talbot, Charles Tibbits, John Barber Tuck, Henry Andrewes Uthwatt, John Vivian, Sir William Wake Baronet,

Philip

1341

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvii.

Philip Hoddle Ward, Edward Ward, John Ward, Barnard Landett Ward, Amos Westoby Clerk, Thomas Whalley Clerk, John Whitehouse Clerk, William Whitworth, Robert Whitworth, Thomas Whitworth,

James Whitworth, Charles Whitworth, Joseph Whitworth, Thomas Williams, George Worley, Edward Augustine Worley, Allen Edward Young, John Young Clerk, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for repairing, widening, altering improving, and keeping in Repair the Road herein-before mentioned and described, and for otherwise putting this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to ap-said Trustees, at their First Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this gffi"!: Act, to elect any additional Number of fit and proper Persons, not tees' exceeding Three in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this and the said last recited Act; and such Trustees, when so elected, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this and the said last recited Act, as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in or by virtue of this Act.

' V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Trustees to shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into sworn-Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed and prescribed; and unless, being so qualified, he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act and the Oath herein-after mentioned,) take and subscribe before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath following; (that is to say),

‘ T do swear, That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, execute and perform the ‘ several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee ‘ by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth , the Title of this Act]; and also an Act passed in the Third Year i of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, [here set forth the Title , of the General Turnpike Act.] So help me GOD.’

And if any Person shall act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign,

Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Pro-[Local.] 15 Q ceedings

1342

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvii.

ceedings shall be as valid and effectual, as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

FirstMeeting

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for executing of Trustees." this and the said last recited Act, or any Three or more of them, shall meet together at the Hind Inn, in Wellingborough aforesaid, or at some other convenient Place upon or near the said Road, on the Monday Three Weeks next after the passing of this Act, or so soon after as conveniently may be, and proceed to the Execution of this and the said last recited Act; and shall then and from Time to Time adjourn to and meet again at such Time and at such Place or Places within the said respective Counties of Northampton or Buckingham, and not elsewhere, as they or the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings shall think proper.

Trustees to

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Officers & Three or more of them, at any of their Meetings, shall and may cers, C. prom rpjme £0 Xime appoint a Clerk, and also a Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary; and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Officer or Officers, may appoint another or others in his or their stead; and every such Appointment, or a Memorandum thereof shall be entered in the Book of the Proceedings of the Trustees, and the Entry shall be signed by the Trustees making the Appointment, or by the major Part of the Trustees present at the Meeting where the Appointment is made; and Ten Days Notice shall be published on all the Turnpike Gates standing or being across the said Road, of every Meeting where any such Appointment shall be intended to be made after the First Meeting of the said Trustees, specifying the Intention of appointing any such Officer or Officers; and the said Trustees shall and may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed, or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in and about the carrying this and the said last recited Act into Execution, and also all such Costs and reasonable Sums as they the said Trustees or any of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers by them appointed, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall have been at or put unto, or shall have expended in the due Execution of this and the said last recited Act, and of the Powers and Authorities given or granted thereby; or in defending or prosecuting any Action or Suit, Indictment or Indictments, Information, or other Proceeding whatsoever, for or on account thereof, or for or concerning any Matter or Thing whatsoever which he or they shall have done or ordered to be done in the due Execution thereof, or in or about the Prosecution of any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter 9 or

1343

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvii.

or Thing whatsoever, which such Person or Persons shall have done in Contravention of or contrary to this or the said last recited Act, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and to order and direct their Treasurer or Treasurers to pay and defray the same respectively, out of any Money in his or their Hands arising from the Tolls hereby granted: Provided always, that the Clerk, Receivers, Collectors and Surveyors, who have been appointed under and by virtue of the said Four first recited Acts hereby repealed, and also the Treasurer or Treasurers (if he or they shall have been appointed under the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, but not otherwise), shall respectively continue to hold and exercise such their several and respective Offices and Employments, until they shall respectively be removed therefrom by the said Trustees for executing this and the said last recited Act, or resign the same.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said Four first recited Acts, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, .Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall think proper, to continue all and every or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates and Toll Houses now standing and being in and upon or across the said Road, or on the Sides thereof, except the Turnpike or Toll Gate now standing at or near

Sherrington

Present Officers to be continued.

Clerk not to act as Treasurer, and vice versa.

Books used under former Acts to be Evidence.

Power to continue and erect. Toll Gates.

1344

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvii.

Sherrington Bridge; and also (subject to the Regulations contained in the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) to erect and set up or build, or cause to be erected, set up, and built, upon or across the said Road hereby directed to he maintained, repaired, and amended, or any Part thereof, or upon or across the Entrance to any Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same, or any Part thereof, when, where, and as they shall judge necessary, any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Bar or Side Bars or Gates, Chain or Chains, and also One or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with Outbuildings and Conveniences suitable thereto at or near each Toll Gate; and to take in and inclose on the Sides of the said Roads suitable Garden Spots to such Toll House or Toll Houses, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre each, as they shall think necessary; and from Time to Time to take down and remove or to alter and discontinue the same, or any of-them, as they the said Trustees shall think proper to direct or appoint.

Power to re-

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be GatesT0*' lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, from

" ' Time to Time when and as often as they shall think proper, (subject to the Regulations and Restrictions herein-before and in the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively contained), to cause any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars or Chains already erected, or which shall be continued or erected in or upon or across or on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road by virtue of this Act, to be removed to, and erected in, upon, or across or on the Side or Sides of such other Part or Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees assembled at a general or adjourned Meeting shall from Time to Time order andf direct.

For remov-

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said

ing the Toll Trustees shall and they are hereby required, within Six Months GateatSher- next after the passing of this Act, to take down and remove the Brn°" Turnpike Gate and Weighing Machine now standing and being at m pe" the North End of Sherrington Bridge aforesaid; and that it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons by their Order, to erect, set up, or build any Toll Gate or Turnpike, or any Weighing Engine, upon or across the said Road hereby authorized to be repaired, nearer to the Town of Newport Pagnell aforesaid than the Distance of One Furlong North from the Road leading from Newport Pagnell to Bedford, which Road turns off to Chichiey near the Way Post in Sherrington Field.

Power to sell

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said the present Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Toll Houses. Houses erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed on the said Road to be improved and repaired by virtue of this 'Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, ?nd Appnrte.

nances

1345

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvii.

nances thereunto belonging, where they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee-simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given, where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the powertotMie said Trustees, or any Person or Persons to he appointed or continued Tolls. Collector or Collectors by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to demand and take the several Tolls following, subject to the Restrictions and Exemptions in this Act and in the said last-mentioned Act contained, at each and every or any of the Toll Gates or Toll Houses, or Side Bars, or Side Gates or Chains, which are, or is, or shall be standing and being or continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road, or any Part thereof, and on every Day, such Day to he computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say).

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Coach, Van, Caravan,

Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Barouche,'Phaeton, Curricle, Gig,

Hearse, Chaise, or other such Carriage, the S'um of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Score of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence; and so in proportion for any less Number: And,

For every Score of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence; and so in proportion for any less Number.

Which said respective Tolls shall, subject to the Restrictions and Exemptions in the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, Ass, Beast, or other Cattle, Coach, Van,

Caravan, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, be permitted [Local.] 15 p to

1340

Chalk and Lime exempt from Toll.

No more than Four full Tolls to be taken in any One Day.

Tolls to be paid but once a Day at each Gate.

Stage

Coaches, &c. to pay each Time of passing.

Trustees restrained from pulling down Dwelling Houses without Consent of the Owners.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvii.

to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or Side Bar or Side Gate or Chain, erected or to be erected or continued by virtue of this Act upon or across the said Road, or any Part thereof; or upon or across any Lane or Way leading into the same; and which said respective Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act in Manner hereinafter directed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Chalk and Lime passing through any of the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars on the said Road, shall be and the same is hereby exempted from the Payment of any Toll, provided the same be used only for Manure.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no more than Four full Tolls shall be taken upon the said Road, for the same Horses, Beasts, Cattle, and Carriages passing through all or any of the Toll Gates erected or to be erected across or on the Sides of the said Road in any One Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject to the Payment of Toll more than once in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night) for passing and repassing with the same Horse or Horses, Beasts or Cattle, through the same Turnpike (except as herein-after mentioned), such Person or Persons producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll, which Note or Ticket the several Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Payment of the Toll.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and in respect of all Horses drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the said Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through each Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat; and that the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Road on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Power's and Authorities hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as

5 a Nursery

1347

4° GEORGII IV. Cap lxvii.

a Nursery of Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained for that Purpose.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Trustees shall turn or alter any Part or Parts of the present Road, or make any new Road over and through any private Grounds, or shall take away any Fence for widening the said Road, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made and planted proper Quickset Hedges and Fences on both Sides of such new-made Road, or on the Side upon which any such Fence may be so removed as aforesaid, with sufficient Ditches to the same, and a sufficient Post and Rail or other Fence to protect the Growth thereof, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the said Road; and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches, where necessary, out of the said Road into the said Lands adjoining; and shall keep such Fences so to be made in good Order and Repair for and during the Term of Seven Years from the Time that such Fences shall have been made or set up, unless the Owner or Proprietor for the Time being of any such Land or Ground shall agree with the Trustees to keep such Fences in Repair from any earlier Period.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees, to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer tor the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences ot hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being.

Trustees to fence the Roads.

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trustees or their Trea-

1348

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvW.

being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Sums, Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall pay or be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

Statute

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law

Labour. are or sha]i (je liable to (J0 Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards the repairing and amending the said Road, shall be and remain liable thereto, in like Manner in every respect as they now are or have heretofore been; and it shall be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said Counties of Northampton or Bucks, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor of the said Road, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places in or through which the said Roads do or shall lie, lead, or pass, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, to bring in a List before the said Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which List of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such List the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to '.do Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times, (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their

Default,

1349

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxvii.

Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Tines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force or effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to -work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on any Part of the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent .by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle and negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Northampton or Bucks, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already Application received by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, and now of the Tolls in the Treasurer’s Hands, or out of the first Money which shall arise or be received from the Tolls, Mortgages, or otherwise, by virtue of r0lvc<( or" this Act, the said Trustees shall first pay and discharge all the Costs,

Charges, and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act, with lawful interest for any Money which any Person or Persons shall or may advance or pay for the Expences of obtaining and passing the same, from the Time of advancing such Money until the same shall be repaid; secondly, tile Costs and Expences of keeping in repair the said Road; thirdly, the Interest of the principal Monies already borrowed by virtue of the said former Acts or any of them, or which by virtue of and under the Powers of this Act, or of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, may be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; fourthly, the Costs and Expences of widening, varying, altering, turning, improving, and rendering commodious the said Road, and otherwise putting this Act and the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty in Execution; and lastly, the principal Monies already borrowed by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, or of the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

[Lore/.] 15 Q

1350 4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxvii.

Money 10 be

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing towards a t','s -^ct’ ^le um One per Centum per Annum on the

Sinking Amount of all principal Monies due and secured on the Tolls of the

Fund. said Roads, and on the Amount of every further Sum of Money which shall be borrowed or taken up at Interest on the Credit or Security of the Tolls of the said Roads, shall during the Continuance of this Act be appropriated and paid out of the said Tolls, in order to form a Sinking Fund for the gradual Payment of all and every the said Monies; and that after the Payment of any such principal Monies, the full Interest which would have been otherwise payable for or in respect of the same, to the Creditor or respective Creditors, shall from thenceforth, and during the Continuance of this Act, be appropriated and paid out of the said respective Tolls, in aid of the said Sinking Fund; and that as often as the said Sinking Fund shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, that Sum, and such Part of the Balance of any other Monies in the Hands of the Trustees as they shall think proper, shall be applied in Payment of an equal Amount of the principal Monies then remaining due or owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls of the said Roads, rateable or by Lot, among the said Creditors, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

[Public Act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence rnent and on the Tuesday Fortnight next after the passing thereof; and shall — continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

It

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII

IV.

it

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for rebuilding the Church and improving the Churchyard of the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the said Act.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for rebuilding the Church and improving the Churchyard 57 G. 3. c. 72. of the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell in the County of Middlesex : And whereas by the above Act certain Persons therein named and their Successors were empowered to take down and rebuild the Church and Tower of the said Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, and otherwise to carry the said Act into Execution; for which Purposes they were empowered to borrow the Sum of Ten thousand and five hundred Pounds, at Interest, or by Annuities for Lives, and were also authorized to make and levy an annual Rate, not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound : And whereas the said Trustees, proceeding in the Discharge of the Duty imposed upon them by the said Act, employed a proper and competent Architect, and with his Assistance contracted for and built and completed the said Church [Local.15 R and

1354

4° GEORGII IV. Ccfjo.lxviii.

and Tower; and the said Church has since been duly consecrated by the Lord Bishop of London, and Divine Worship is now regularly performed therein : And whereas the said Trustees, in carrying into Execution the above Act, have expended all the Money they were thereby empowered to borrow, and it is found that, after such Expenditure, a considerable Sum remains due and owing to divers Persons (Tradesmen and others) employed by the said Trustees, for Work done and Articles supplied in taking down and rebuilding the said Church aftd Tower, and for other Work and Things connected therewith : And whereas by the said Act the said Trustees were authorized to pay the present Rector of the said Parish and his Successors the Sum of One hundred Pounds per Annum, as a Compensation for certain Funeral Dues thentofore received by the Rectors of the said Parish; and the Sum of Five hundred Pounds and upwards is aow due and in arrear to the said Rector in respect thereof: And whereas the said Trustees cannot raise the Money for paying off and discharging the said Church Debt, and the Arrears due to the said Rector, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-rustees. liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That James Ballance, Thomas Badder, John Barker junior, John Burnell (IVhhechape!), George Dodson, Charles Dowding, Robert Kennedy Dickman, Christopher Fryer, George Fox, Joseph Fryer, Abraham Gole, Henry Garland, John Hammock, Thomas Hill (Wapping Wall), Isaac Hodgson, George Homan, George Heneky, John Poole (Wapping Wall), Thomas Mather, Charles Rich, Abraham Edmund Reynolds, Thomas Shade, Peter Mellish, and John Williams, (Mile End), and their Successors, to be appointed according to the Provisions of the recited Act, shall be additional Trustees for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, subject to the Qualification in the said recited Act mentioned.

Provision for II- And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Election the Ppor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, shall, of additional at a public Vestry of the said Parish, chuse and elect by Ballot such rustees. Number of Persons as shall be equal to the Number of Trustees in this Act before named; and the Persons so chosen and elected, and their Successors, to be appointed according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall also be additional Trustees for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, subject to the Qualification in the said recited Act mentioned.

Trustees to

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall, after the passing be sworn. of this Act, be capable of acting as a Trustee (except the several Persons entitled to be Trustees by virtue of their respective Offices), unless he shall, before he shall act as such (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned), take and suscribe before Two or more of the said Trustees (who are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath or Affirmation following; that is to say,

£ I A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do solemnly ‘ affirm3, That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of my e Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and 4> ‘ Trusts,

1355

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxviii.

* Trusts, reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act, intituled An

( Act for rebuilding the Church and improving the Churchyard of the Parish ' e/'Saint P-.ul Sha^well in the County of Middlesex, and also an Act [here

* set forth the Title of this Act,] So help me GOD.*

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words e So help me God.*]

And if any Person shall act (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, and unless he shall be qualified as in and by the said recited Act is mentioned, every such Person shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill,

Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager ot Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided always, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any (such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath or Affirmation by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath or Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That they the said Trustees and their i»0wer to Successors shall be and they are hereby empowered to borrow and take borrow addi-up at Interest such further Sum or Sums of Money as to them shall seem tional Money. necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, but not exceeding in the whole

the Sum of Six thousand Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees and their Sue- Power to in-cessors shall also be and they are hereby empowered to increase the an- crease Rate, nual Rate which by the said recited Act was authorized to be made and

levied, and therein and thereby was restricted to One Shilling in the Pound; and that the said annual Rate may be hereafter but shall not exceed One Shilling and Nine-pence in the Pound on the unredeemed Property, and shall not exceed Nine-pence in the Pound on the Property which has been redeemed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Sum of Six Securities for thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as the said Trustees may find it Money bor-necessary to borrow for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be borrowed and rowet* secured in like Manner, under the same Restrictions, by the same Forms,

and in every respect conformable to the Directions, which by the said recited Act are imposed for the borrowing of the Ten thousand five hundred Pounds therein and thereby authorized to be borrowed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said additional annual Rate Recovery of of Nine-pet ce in the Pound, or such Part thereof as the said Trustees may Rale, from Time to Time find it necessary to make and levy, shall be made and

levied on the same Persons and Premises, and recovered in the same Manner and by the same Ways and Means, in every respect, as by the said recited Act is directed for the making, levying, and recovering of the said annual Rate of One Shilling in the Found.

1356

Securities for Money borrowed.

Redemption of former Rates not to exonerate from Rates under this Act.

For lowering the Interest of Money borrowed.

Notto extend to Rates already made.

Premises of the London Dock Company exonerated from the Rates on Payment of a eertaiu Sum.

4° GEORGII IV. Caja.lxviiii

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have lent any Money at Interest, or upon Annuity or Annuities, by virtue of the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall have the like Security upon all and every Rate and Rates, to be made hereafter under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act, as fully and effectually as if the Title of this Act were recited in their several Securities j and that every Security upon which Money shall be borrowed by virtue of and subsequently to the passing of this Act, shall be made and signed by the said Trustees, in the same Form, Words, and Figures as are directed by the said recited Act, except that they shall also recite the Title of th:s Act.

IX. And whereas several Persons have redeemed their Rates upon certain of their Premises, under the Authority of the said recited Act, but it is not intended that such Redemption shall exonerate them, or their Premises, from the additional Rate or Rates to be imposed by virtue of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That such Redemption shall not extend to the said additional Rate or Rates to be imposed by virtue of this Act j but that all Excess of Rate, beyond One Shilling in the Pound per Annum (being the Amount of the Rate so redeemed), shall be rated and levied upon the Persons who have so redeemed, and their Property, in the same Manner, and by the same Ways and Means in every respect, as by the said recited Act is directed for the making and levying of the said annual Rate of One Shilling in the Pound : Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Clause contained shall extend to or affect the Lands and Property of the London Dock Company within the said Parish, inasmuch as such Lands and Property are to be exonerated from such additional Rate or Rates, and also from all other Rates (if any) to be at any Time hereafter levied in aid of the Purposes of the said recited Act, in manner herein-after mentioned.

X. And whereas the said Trustees have borrowed a Part of the aforesaid Sum of Ten thousand five hundred Pounds at an Interest of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and their Successors, and they are hereby empowered and directed, whenever it shall be possible to obtain Money at a lower Rate of Interest, to borrow a Sum of Money (not exceeding the Amount of the Money borrowed at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum) at such lower Rate of Interest accordingly, and by and with the same to pay off and discharge the Money so borrowed at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

XI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall abate, alter, or abolish, or be considered or taken as intended to abate, alter, or abolish any Rate or Rates, nor the levying, collecting, or enforcing any Rate or Rates which before the passing of this Act shall have been made, signed, and allowed by virtue of the said recited Act.

XII. And whereas by the said recited Act it was enacted, that in consideration of the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to be paid by the London Dock Company for the Purposes and in Manner therein mentioned, to the Treasurer for the Time being to be appointed under the Powers of the said Act, all the Lands, Houses, Buildings, Erections,

Tene-

1357

4U GEORGII IV. Cap. lxviii.

Tenements, and Premises, belonging to the said Company, should be for ever exonerated from all and every Charge, Rate or Assessment, to be made by virtue of the said Act: And whereas the Directors of the said Company paid the said Sum of One thousand Pounds in manner by the said Act directed: And whereas the said Sum of One thousand Pounds exceeded considerably the Price or Sum at which the Redemption of the Rate or Assessment upon Lands and Property of the London Dock Company in the said Parish, under the Authority of the said recited Act, might have been purchased, and the said Company agreed to contribute and pay the same upon the Faith and Condition that their Lands and Property should be for ever exonerated from the said Rate or Assessment, and from all and every further and other Rates or Assessments, or Rate or Assessment, to be at any Time thereafter levied for or in aid of the Purposes of the said recited Act: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Lands and Property of the said Company are so exonerated by the Provisions of the said Act: And whereas the said Company has been applied to and requested by the said Trustees to contribute and pay a further Sum of Money for or towards the Purposes of the said recited Act, and the said Company being willing to make a further Contribution for or towards the Purposes aforesaid, and desirous that their said Lands and Property should be exonerated in manner aforesaid, have agreed to pay the further Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds to the said Trustees for or towards such Purposes; be it therefore further enacted, That if the Directors of the said Company shall, within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, well and truly pay or cause to be paid unto the said Trustees or their Treasurer the said further Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid, that then and in such Case all the Lands, Houses, Buildings, Erections, Tenements, and Premises, whether Freehold or Copyhold, which belonged to the said Company at the Time of the passing of the said recited Act, and were either in the Possession of the said Company, or of any Tenant or Tenants, or any Person or Persons holding the same as Tenant or Tenants, of or for and on behalf of the said Company, shall be and the same are hereby for ever exonerated from all and every Charge, Rate, or Assessment to be made and levied by virtue of this Act, and from all and every further and other Rates, Charges, or Assessments, or Rate, Charge, or Assessment, if any, to be at any Time or Times hereafter levied for or in aid of the Purposes of the said recited Act; and that all the Powers and Provisions given and granted to the said Company in and by the said recited Act, shall, in consideration of the Contribution and Payment of such further Sum as aforesaid, be extended to this Act as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers and Provisions had been or were herein repeated and specially enacted.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Extending Provisions, Regulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, Restrictions, Powers of Matters, and Things whatsoever contained in the said recited Act, so for?r Act far as the same are not expressly altered or repealed by this Act, shall to this Act’ extend and be construed to extend to operate and be in force with respect to this Act, and shall be applied and put in Execution as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were repeated and re-\Local.'] 15 $ enacted

1358

Trustees indemnified.

Charges of Act how to be paid.

[Public Act.]

4° GEORGII IV. Ca^.lxviii.

enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof; and the said recited Act and this Act shall, as to all Matters and Things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be considered as One Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 1'hat the said Trustees and their Successors shall from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, be amply and fully indemnified from and out of the Monies to be raised under the said recited Act and this Act, of and from all Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences, which they or any of them, or their Treasurer or Clerk, shall or may sustain or be put unto for or by reason of any Action, Suit, or Proceedings which may be had, sued, commenced, or prosecuted against them, any or either of them, for any Matter or Thing which may be by them respectively legally done in and about the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, and the Trusts thereby reposed in them.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Expences of preparing, obtaining, and passing of this Act, and all other Charges incident or relating thereto, shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the first Monies which shall be obtained by virtue of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Str.ahan» Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

•ft

Cap. lxix.

An Act for better supplying the City of Worcester and the Liberties thereof with Water; and for more effectually paving, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the said City.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for better supplying the City n/'Worcester and the 10G.3. c. 22. Liberties thereof tsith Water; and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And whereas another Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to UG. 3. C.I3. explain a Clause in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for better supplying the City of Wo rcester and the Liberties thereof with Water; and for better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein : And whereas another Act was passed in the Twentieth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending and rendering more 20G.Sc 21. effectual Two Acts passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better supplying the City of Worcester and the Liberties thereof with Water; and for better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein : And whereas since the passing of the said Acts many new Streets, Lanes, and Passages have been opened to the f Local.} 15 T Public,

1362

Recited Acts repealed.

Appointment of Commissioners.

Commissiou-ers to be sworn.

Commissioners Oath.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

Public, which are not properly supplied with Water, paved, lighted, watched, or cleansed; and it would greatly facilitate the intended Improvements in the said City, if tire said Acts were to be repealed, and further, better, and more effectual Powers granted instead thereof under one Act of Parliament; but as the Purposes before mentioned cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, the said Three several recited Acts, and all the Powers and Authorities, Matters and Things therein contained, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the City of Worcester for the Time being, whether residing within the said City or within Three Miles thereof, and every Person or Persons that now occupies or hereafter shall occupy a Messuage or Tenement, Warehouse, or other Premises within the said City, of the annual Rent or Value of Twenty Pounds, and shall also be in his own Right or in Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Sixty Pounds above Reprizes, or possessed of a Personal Estate alone of the clear Value of One thousand Pounds, shall be and are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution; but no Person shall be capable of acting as such Commissioner during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit, or be under any Contract, or have any Share or Interest in any Contract, relating to the Execution of the Powers of this Act: Provided always, that the Qualification by Occupancy of Premises within the said City shall not extend to the Justices of the Peace, nor shall they be required to take the Oath of Qualification by this Act directed to be taken by Commissioners before they act in Execution thereof.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner until he shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath, (or being a Quaker a solemn Affirmation); videlicet,

* T do swear [or, being one of the People called

* Quakers, do solemnly declare and affirm]. That I am truly and ‘ bond Jide in the Occupation of a Messuage or Tenement, Warehouse,

* or other Premises within the City of Worcester, of the annual Rent

* Or Value of Twenty Pounds; and that I am in my own Right, or in the Right of my Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or ‘ Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Sixty Pounds above Reprizes, ‘ or possessed of a Personal Estate alone of the clear Valne of One thousand Pounds; and that I will faithfully, impartially, and

6 honestly.

vm

4" GEORGII IV. C>.lxix.

* honestly, according to the best of ray Skill and Judgment, execute ‘ the Trusts reposed in me, and hear and determine all such Matters ‘ and Things as shall be brought before me as a Commissioner by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth

‘ the Title of this Act.] So help me GOD.’

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words ‘ So help me God.’3

Which Oath or Affirmation any One of the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not being so Penalty on qualified, or not having taken or subscribed such Oath, or being a acting if not Quaker, not having made and subscribed such Affirmation as afore- <luallfied-said, shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Acts or this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff, than that such Person had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Proceedings of any Person acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (although not duly qualified as aforesaid), previously to his being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any FirstMerting Seven or more of them, shall meet and assemble together at the of Coinmis-Guildhall in the said City of Worcester, upon the Twenty-fifth Day "oners.

of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two o’Clock in the Afternoon, and proceed in the Execution of this Act, and adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and afterwards meet there, or at any other Place within the said City, as they or any Seven or more of them shall think most convenient; and that Two Commissioners shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and if at any Meeting a sufficient Number of Commissioners shall not appear to adjourn to any other Day, then and as often as the Case shall happen, the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, (though not assembled at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act) shall by Notice in one or both of the Worcester Newspapers, circulated in the said City, appoint the Commissioners to meet on the Day Fortnight from the Day such last Meeting was to have been held; and all Matters and Things which shall be done and transacted at any Meeting which shall be held in pursuance of such Notice, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been done at any other Meeting held by virtue of this Act; and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to, and all the Provisions,

Matters,

1364

Proceedings of Commissioners to be entered in, a Book.

Appointment of Treasurer, Clerk, and other Officers.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

Matters, and Things directed or authorized to be done by the said Commissioners, shall and maybe executed and done by the Majority of them, assembled at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, (the whole Number present being not less than Seven) and all Acts, Orders, Proceedings, and Determinations of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, made at such Meeting or Meetings, consisting of Seven Commissioners, (except herein otherwise directed) wherein the major Part of the Commissioners present at such Meeting or Meetings shall concur, shall be as valid and effectual as if all the Commissioners present at such Meeting or Meetings had concurred therein; and at all such Meetings a Chairman shall or may be appointed; and in all Cases where there shall be an Equality of Votes upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) such Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners from Time to Time shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Chairman; and all such Entries so signed, shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Causes, Suits, and Actions relating to any thing done in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, at any Meeting or Meetings, shall and may from Time to Time, whenever they shall think necessary, by Writing under their Hands, appoint and employ a Treasvirer or Treasurers, Clerk, Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates, Assessments, and Monies herein mentioned, and One or more Surveyor or Surveyors, Pavior, Lamplighter, and such other Officer and Officers, Person and Persons, for the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and from Time to Time remove them, or any of them, and in like Manner appoint others in the Room of those removed; and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, pay such Salaries, Wages, or Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer, Clerk, Assessor, Collector, Surveyor, Pavior, Lamplighter, and other Officer, for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands, (at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct), deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge, and of all Monies which shall have been received by such Officers and Persons respectively by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been disbursed and paid, and for what Purposes, together with the Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or wilfully neglect to make and render any such Accounts, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make

1365

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxix.

make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days next after (being thereunto required by the said Commissioners by Notice in Writing, signed by their Clerk, to be given or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer or Person), all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, and to give Satisfaction respecting the same; then in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, or by any Person or Persons whom they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town Corporate, or Place wherein such Officer or Person so neglecting or refusing shall reside or be, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Officer or Person so refusing or neglecting to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, without some reasonable Excuse to be allowed by such Justice, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon Confession of the Party, or the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Money which shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this Act, shall be due from such Officer or Person, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Person can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and selling such Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer or Person shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render or give such Account, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relative to the Execution of this Act shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer or Person, and he shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, Town Corporate, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with such Commissioners for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition, which the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive, and until he shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or shall have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners : Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed by virtue of this Act, on account of his not having sufficient Goods or Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Term than Six Calendar Months: Provided also, that if any Money shall remain due from such Officer or Person, Officers or Persons, the Commitment of him or them to Prison shall not be deemed a Discharge for the same, nor exonerate his or their Surety - - [fors/.] 15 U or

1366 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

or Sureties, but such Officer or Person, Officers or Persons, and his and their Surety or Sureties shall remain liable to the Payment thereof iri the same Manner as if such Officer or Person had not been committed to Prison.

clerk not to

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not act as Trea- be lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint the Person who may surer, and app0£nted to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or nee rersa. Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk, or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer, shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person Or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

Accounts to

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, be kept. and they are hereby required to order, direct, and provide a Book or Books to be kept by their Clerk for the Time being, wherein shall be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received Or borrowed, paid, laid out, or expended in the Execution of this Act, and the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid, which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Commissioners or any Creditor on the Rates hereby authorized, without Fee or Reward; and the said Commissioners and Creditors, or any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the Same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit," or ’shall not permit any of the said Commissioners or Creditors to inspect the same Book or Books, or take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds.

Rates under former Acts may be collected, Penalties recovered and Contracts enforced.

X. And be it further enacted, That each and every Rate and Assessment made and assessed, and now due and payable, or to be-'come due and payable, or ordered to be collected and levied under and by virtue of the said recited Acts (hereby repealed), or any of ‘them, shall continue to be due and payable, and shall and may be collected and levied by such Ways and Means, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as any Rates or Assessments to be made in pursuance of this Act may be collected and levied, and shall be recovered

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix. 1.367

recovered and applied by the said Commissioners to and for the Purposes of this Act; and also that all Debts and Penalties incurred and due under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, from any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall and may be demanded and recovered from such Person or Persons, and applied by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act; and that all Contracts or Agreements heretofore entered into with any Person or Persons whomsoever under the Authority and in the Execution of the said recited A.cts, and valid and effectual before the passing of this Act, shall continue and be valid and effectual, and shall and may be enforced by the said Commissioners in the same Manner as if such Contracts or Agreements had been entered into with the Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Assign- Former Con-ments, Leases, Grants, and other Conveyances made or granted to veyancesand or by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any other Person whomsoever acting by virtue of or

under the Authority of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, shall be as good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Rates thereby granted had not been repealed; and all Bonds, Mortgages, Notes, Assignments, or Annuities given or granted as a Security for any Monies lent or advanced on the Credit of tile said recited Acts or any of them, iu pursuance of the Powers therein contained, shall be charged, and they are hereby respectively charged upon the Rates or Assessments herein directed to be made for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act; and the Person or Persons from Time to Time entitled to the same respectively shall have, receive, and enjoy all Interest due and to grow due on such Mortgages, Bonds, Securities, and Assignments respectively (until the same shall be paid off and discharged as herein-after provided), and all Interest due and to grow due on the said respective Annuities out of the Rates and Assessments herein directed to be made during the Term of the natural Lives of the Persons for whose Lives such Annuities respectively were granted.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Mortgages or In case of other Securities given or granted under the Authorities of the said defectire recited Acts hereby repealed, shall be found defective, it shall be Serunt'es, lawful for the said Commissioners to make and execute others in

lieu thereof, and on Delivery thereof to the Parties interested, such defective Mortgage or other Security shall be delivered up and cancelled.

XIII. And whereas the Parish Church of All Saints is inclosed by Commiasion-a Range of old and dilapidated Houses and Buildings, and the Inha- era empow-bitants of the said Parish are desirous that the same should be pur- erei 10 Purchased and pulled down for widening and improving the Public "d Streets and the Avenues leading to the said Church; be it therefore Housemate, enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com- ne« All missioners, and they are hereby authorized and required at any Time Saint»

or Times hereafter, upon the Request of the Churchwardens and Cllurch'

>-V Overseers

1368

Enabling Bodies Politic and incapacitated Persons to sell.

The Damages and Recompence to be settled by a Jury,

4° GEORGII IV. C«p.lxix.

Overseers and Inhabitants of the said Parish of All Saints in Vestry assembled, or the major Part of them, to contract and agree for and to purchase the several Houses, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises to the same respectively belonging (mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed), and thereupon to take and pull down or cut through the said several Houses, Buildings, and Premises, for the widening and improving the said Streets, and rendering more commodious the Avenues leading to the said Church; and to sell and dispose of the same or the Materials thereof, and the Scites thereof, or such Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall think necessary to lay into the Streets, Lanes, Avenues, or Places adjoining or leading to the said Church.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Corporations, whether Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees of or for Lunatics or Idiots, and Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves and their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert, and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all Persons, whether Tenants for Life or Tenants in Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Houses, Walls, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which the said Commissioners are by the said recited Acts or this Act enabled to purchase for any of the Purposes thereof) to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners for the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever of, in, and to the same, to the said Commissioners and their Successors, for any of the Purposes of this Act; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey all Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of the said several and respective Cestuique Trusts, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons whomsoever, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Tenant for Life or in Fee Tail, General or Special, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments as may be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, upon Notice to him,

her,

1369

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

her, or them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the same Lands and Hereditaments, shall, for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after such Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall cause such Damage, Value, or Recompence to be inquired into and ascertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the City of Worcester; and in order thereto the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whom they shall think necessary and proper to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Commissioners is and are hereby empowered to administer), and such Commissioners shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Commissioners shall order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners or other proper Person or Persons interested in the said Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition, and the Judgment, Order, and Determination thereof, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, upon all Persons and Parties whomsoever, claiming or to claim any Estate in Possession, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever; and for summoning and returning such Juries, the said Com- Commijsion-. missioners are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants «• «o issue to the said Sheriff, commanding him to impannel, summon, and YalJ?ntfJ° return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons qualified to serve impannel a'° upon Juries, to appear before such Commissioners at such Time and Jury.

Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelted, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to tire Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn

[Local] 15 X and

1370

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

nuking Default, &c.

Jury shall be paid

Fines on She- and the said Commissioners acting in the Premises shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or Bailiffs, Agent or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, without sufficient Excuse for not appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect to do their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear (after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her, or their Costs and Charges), without sufficient Excuse for not appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined or to give Evidence, so that no one Fine be more than Twenty Pounds on any one Person for one Offence.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give JurvshaUbe ’n anc* deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recom-v" pence for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any House or Houses, Buildings, Scites, or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by them sustained than what shall have been agreed and offered by the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other known Agent, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, and Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, out of the Money in his Hands to arise by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or known Agent as aforesaid, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace of the said City of Worcester not interested in the Matter in question, (who is hereby required to examine and settle the same at the Time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend him for that Purpose), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the same be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained

1371

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxix.

as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating, the whole of such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money to be agreed for, or awarded or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Monies to be received by the said Commissioners from the Rates by this Act authorized in that Behalf, and upon Payment thereof to the Party or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or their Agents, or depositing the same in the Bank of England (as the Case may be), in manner by this Act directed and required, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively to whose Credit or Use the same shall have been paid into and out of such Houses, Walls, Buildings, and Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Commissioners, in Trust, for effecting the Purposes of this Act by them, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin and Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the same by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine, Common Recovery, Surrender, or any other Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever, and such Payments shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whose Use or Credit such Payments shall have been made as aforesaid, but also extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Freebench of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue of such Person and Persons claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances and Assurances of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises to be made to the said Commissioners, shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

* t [or we, as the Case may be~\ of , in

‘ -*• consideration of the Sum of to me [or us, or other-

* wise, as the Case may he~\, paid by the Commissioners appointed ‘ under or by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act

* [here insert the Title of this Acf]t do hereby grant and release [or

* assign, as the Case may be~\ to the said Commissioners and their Successors, all [here describe the Premises to be conveyed], and all ‘ my [or our] Right, Title, and Interest in and to the same, and every Part thereof, to hold to the said Commissioners and their Successors

Premises to vest in Commissioners on Payment of Purchase Money.

Form of Conveyance.

1372

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

* Successors for ever for as the Case may be] during all the Remain-:

* der of my [or our] Term, Estate, and Interest in the said Premises.

‘ In witness whereof I [or we] have hereunto set my Hand and ‘ Seal [or our Hands and Seals] this Day of

* in the Year of our Lord

Commission-

XIX. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said e"to"MUWer" Commissioners are empowered to make by virtue of this Act, they Ground not may happen to be seised of some House or Houses or other Build-

wanted for ing, or some Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground, over and above

tt,el-uT°«s what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of the said recited o t is ct. Acts an(j of (his Act.; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to sell and dispose of such House or Houses, or other Buildings, Piece or Pieces of Land and Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most convenient and advantageous, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

Persons

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said

whose Lands Commissioners, before they shall sell and dispose of any such surplus havethePre- H°uses or other Buildings, Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground, pur-ference. chased by virtue of this Act or the said recited Acts, to any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, they shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased or taken the same; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase or re-purchase the same respectively, an Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master or Masters Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of Worcester, by some Person or Persons no ways interested in the said Houses or other Buildings, Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the same was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made, as the Case may be; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or re-purchasing the same, and he, she, or they, and the said Commissioners, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then and in such case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, and the Expences of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Commissioners mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Commissioners of such surplus Houses or other Buildings, or Land or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act; but the Purchaser or

1373

4° GEORGII IV. Ca/j.lxix.

or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money Purchase which are to be paid to any Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, tj°toD Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees acting as corporate Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or on behalf of any Bodies, to Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Cestuique Trusts, or to any Person or Persons whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are Use^ limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, for the Purchase of, or the Damages

to be done or occasioned to any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by virtue or in consequence of the Powers in the said recited Acts or this Act contained, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex-parte the Commissioners under this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge or Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such Uses,

Trusts, and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, and used as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application, thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by the Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, where Pur'

[.local.] 15 Y or cW M°-

1374

ney is less than 200i. and above 201.

Application when Money is less than 201.

Directing how Monies to be paid in case of failure of Title, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. (Vhtix.

or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, or on account of any Damage to be done or occasioned to any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as herein-before mentioned, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, used, or inj ured, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, Trustee or Trustees, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons acting as such as aforesaid, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the Commissioners under this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in the Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as last above-mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of such Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the said Commissioners shall direct the same to be paid, shall be sufficient Discharges for the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased, taken, or U3ed by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or in case the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the

6 Accountant

1375

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. I*ix.

Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons malting claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is or are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England as aforesaid.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Persons in Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to Possession to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and entitle with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any

Estate, Right, or Interest therein, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the Time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery j and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, or that such Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpora- of Chancery tion, entitled to such or to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, may order to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Cominbs‘"n" Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into reasonable the Court of Chancery and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Expences of Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to be settled to the like Uses in pur- Purchases, suance of tlris Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time

1376

The Waterworks and Reservoir* vested in Commis-tiooers.

Owners of

Houses to lay Branch Pipes.

4° GEORGII IV. Cflp.lxix.

Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Waterworks, Steam Engine Apparatus, Reservoir, Tenements, Buildings, and Premises, Pipes, and all other Materials and Things of or belonging to the Commissioners by virtue of the said recited Acts (hereby repealed) shall upon the Commencement of this Act, vest in and become the Property of the Commissioners hereby appointed; and they the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of, and all other Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, interested in any Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Land, or Premises within the said City or elsewhere, which by the said Commissioners at a General Meeting shall be thought necessary at any Time hereafter to be purchased, in order to erect and make any new or additional Works, Engines, Reservoirs, Waterhouses, and Conduits in any new or other Scites or Situations whatsoever, for receiving, keeping, and conveying Water from the River Severn into the several Parts of the said City, and to purchase and become seised and possessed of the same; and at all Times hereafter to break up the Soil, and lay Main Pipes, or other Pipes through the several Streets, Ways, Lanes, and Passages of the said City, and to relay, repair, and amend the same as often as there shall be occasion; and to make Conduits in such Parts of the said City for supplying the Poor with Water, as the said Commissioners shall think most fit and convenient for that Purpose, so that the Navigation of the said River be not injured thereby; and in case any Highway or waste Ground shall lie between such new Works and any of the Streets of the said City, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their Servants, Workmen, or Agents, from Time to Time, as often as there shall be occasion, to enter upon and dig and break up the Soil of any such public Highway or waste Ground, and lay Pipes in and through the same for conveying Water from such Works to any Part of the said City, so that the said Commissioners, or their Servants, Agents, and Workmen shall from Time to Time repair and amend all such Streets, Pavements, and Highways as shall be broken up or damaged by laying, placing, replacing, and amending the said Water Pipes, or by the bursting or falling to decay of any Pipe or Pipes laid for the Purpose aforesaid, in as short a Time as reasonably may be.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Landlord or Owner of any Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments within the said City, for which the Tenants or Occupiers thereof are liable to be rated or assessed for Water by virtue of this Act, and he and they is and are hereby required, at his, her, or their Costs and Charges, to lay, place, and repair Branch Pipes of such Diameters as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint from some or one of the Main or Service Pipe or Pipes laid

or

1377

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. txix.

or to be laid in any of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, or Passages of the said City into a convenient or commodious Place in the House, Habitation, .Shed, or other Building or Area of such Tenant or Occupier, and from Time to Time fo replace and keep the same in repair, as often as occasion shall require, and to break up the Pavements of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages of the said City for that Purpose, every such Landlord or Owner amending and maxing good such Pavements, which he, she, or they shall at any Time break up as soon as conveniently may be; and in case any such Landlord or Owner shall neglect or refuse to lay, place, replace, or repair any such Branch Pipe or Pipes within the Time aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any such Houses, Habitations, or other Buildings, to lay, place, replace, or repair such Branch Pipe or Pipes in manner herein-before directed; and such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall and may retain the Expence thereof out of his or her next Rent or Rents, and their respective Landlords are hereby required to allow the same:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to extend or to affect any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by whom any renewable Leases or other Leases is, are, or shall be granted for any Term or Number of Years exceeding the Term of Twenty-one Years, where the full improved Rent is not reserved and payable; nor to defeat any Contract or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the Provisions Act to extend herein contained shall extend to all Streets, Avenues, Lanes, Ways, to all present and other public Passages and Places heretofore made and now streeyU"<| existing, or hereafter to be made within the City of Worcester and the tj,e paye_ Liberties thereof, and that all the present and future Pavements in ment and the several Streets, Avenues, Lanes, Ways, and other public Passages Materials to and Places aforesaid, and the Stones, Sand, Gravel, and other Materials conanis- " of which the Footways anti Carriageways do or shall consist, and all the sioners.

Dirt, Dung, Ashes, and Filth to be swept, gathered, and collected within those Places or any of them, and all Main Water Pipes, Stops, and Cocks laid in or under such Streets, Avenues, Lanes, Ways,

Passages, and Places, and all Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Posts and other Materials thereto belonging, and all other Matters and Things which now are or hereafter may be laid, used, erected, or employed by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, and all Materials,

Tools, Implements, and other Things which may be purchased or provided for the Purposes thereof shall belong to and be the Property of, and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall be known by the Name of " The Commissioners for the Improvements of the City of Worcester " and the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment, as the Case may require, against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, detain, spoil, injure, or destroy the several Articles and Things hereby vested in the said Commission, rs as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be deemed and taken to be [Local.'] 15 Z sufficient

1378

Occupiers to pave before their Houses, and cleanse Drains, &c.

If Occupiers neglect to pave, &c. Commissioners may cause the Works to be

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

sufficient to state generally, that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things for or on account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of the Commissioners for the Improvement of the City of Worcester, without particularly stating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall have Power and Authority from Time to Time to sell and dispose of, for the Purposes of this Act, all or any of the said Articles or Things, or any Part or Parts of the same respectively, to such Person or Persons, and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Occupiers of all Houses, Buildings, Gardens, and Hereditaments which do or shall adjoin to any Street, Lane, or Place within the said City, shall at his and their Costs and Charges respectively from Time to Time, within Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by the Surveyor to be appointed by virtue of this Act, cause the Ground before such Houses, Buildings, Gardens, or Hereditaments, as far as the Gutters or Channels of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, to be raised or lowered, and well and sufficiently pitched and paved, and all Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, and Ditches to be opened, cleansed, repaired, and scoured, which belong to the aforesaid Houses, Buildings, Gardens, and Hereditaments, and which of right ought to be done by the Occupiers or Owners thereof respectively, and the same and the several other Works to be done as herein-after mentioned, shall be done in such Manner and in such Form, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and also the Occupiers of all Gardens or Lands into or through which any Common Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, or Ditches extend within the said City or Liberties thereof, shall from Time to Time, within Ten Days next alter Notice for that Purpose given by the said Surveyor, cause such Common Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, or Ditches to be cleansed and scoured, and all Flood Gates or Stanks made or to be made therein, to be taken up and removed at the Costs and Charges of such Occupiers respectively; and all Occupiers of the aforesaid Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Lands, and Hereditaments, are hereby authorized to deduct the Expences attending the several and respective Works aforesaid, out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, and the Owners or Landlords of all such Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Gardens, Lands, and Hereditaments, are hereby required to allow the same accordingly; and in case any such Occupier as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to perform all or any of the Works aforesaid within the Time and in Manner by this Act directed, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in alp Cases where any Occupier of any Houses, Buildings, Gardens, and^ Hereditaments adjoining any Street, Lane, or Place within the said City, shall neglect or refuse to cause the Ground before such^ Houses, Buildings, Gardens, or Hereditaments to be raised or lowered, and well and sufficiently pitched and paved, and the Gutters and

11 Channels

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

Channels to be turned and altered, and to perform the several Works by this Act required to be done by such Occupier within the Time and in the Manner aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and their Surveyor, Workmen, and Servants respectively, to cause the Ground before all such Houses, Buildings, Gardens, and Hereditaments in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places to be raised or lowered, and well and sufficiently pitched and paved, and all the Gutters or Channels to be turned and altered, and all Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, and Ditches to be opened, cleansed, repaired, and scoured; and to cause all such Common Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, or Ditches to be cleansed and scoured, and all the Flood Gates or Stanks to be taken up and removed, and to do and perform the several Works aforesaid in such Manner and Form as they shall see fit, and to recover the Charges and Expences thereof from such Occupier so neglecting as aforesaid; and if such Occupier shall neglect to pay all such Charges and Expences for the Space of Fourteen Days after Demand thereof by the Surveyor or other Officer of the said Commissioners, by Writing or Parol, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of’ the Peace for the said City, upon Complaint made to him by such Surveyor or other Officer, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause all such Charges and Expences to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Occupier whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and sold; and if such Charges and Expences shall not be levied by the Removal of any Occupier, or for want of sufficient Distress, the succeeding Occupier of the House, Building, Garden, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Charges and Expences shall have been incurred, shall and is hereby in like Manner made liable to the Payment thereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to purchase and provide such Number and Sorts of Lamps, Lamp Irons, Posts, and other necessary Materials and Utensils, to be set up in the several Parishes and Extra-parochial or other Places within the said City as to them shall appear proper, all which Lamps and other Things shall be and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to apportion and regulate the Number of Lamps, so to be set up and continued in each of such Parishes and Extra-parochial or other Places as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall carelessly, negligently, or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise destroy or damage any such Lamp or Lamps, or any Post, Iron, Cover, or Furniture thereof respectively, and shall not, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the City or County wherein such Offence shall be committed, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint made thereof by any Person, to summon before him the Party or Parties complained of for doing

VJ' 1 such

1379

done, and recover the Charges.

Lamps to be provided for lighting the I’arishes and Extra-parochial Places in the City.

Penalty on negligently breaking Lamps.

1380

Penalty for

wilfully

breaking

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

such Damage; and upon his, her, or their appearing, or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained against had been served with such Summons, or that the same had been left at his, her, or their usual Dwelling or last Place of Abode, if known), such Justice shall proceed to examine the Cause of such Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either upon Confession of the Party or the Oath of any credible Witness, shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party or Parties complained against for the Damage so done to the said Commissioners, or the Owner or Owners of such Lamp or Lamps, as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable; and in case the Sum So awarded shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner as any Fine or Penalty can or may be levied and recovered by virtue of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, take away, throw down, or otherwise destroy or damage any Lamp or Lamps already erected, or which may be erected by the said Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their own Expence, for the Purpose of lighting any of the Streets or other Public Places within the said City and Liberties, or by any Person or Persons whatsoever, at his, her, or their own Expence, or any Post, Iron, or Cover, or Furniture thereof, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights of or in any such Lamps, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the City or County wherein such Offence shall be committed, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to him made by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses of any such Offence having been committed, to issue a Warrant for apprehending the Party or Parties accused, or it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to apprehend or assist in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said City or County of Worcester, as the Case may be; and on the Party or Parties accused being brought before such Justice, he the said Justice shall and he is hereby required to proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence (which Oath any such Justice is hereby authorized to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either on his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Evidence as aforesaid, then and in every such Case he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall besides make a full Satisfaction, to be ascertained by such Justice, to the said Commissioners or to the Party injured, for the Damage so done; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon Conviction, pay the Penalty by him or them incurred, and also such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered and required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said

City

1381

4" GEORGII IV. Cop.lxix.

City of Worcester or County of Worcester, as the Case may be, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid; and if the Offender have any Goods whereby such Satisfaction can be levied, the said Justice shall and may grant his Warrant for levying the same in like Manner as Penalties by this Act are authorized to be levied.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That for the Improvement of Commis-the said City, and for Public Advantage, it shall be lawful for the sioners may said Commissioners, or Two-thirds of them present at a General "IJ(|e[)nurer,"'"' Meeting to be specially summoned for that Purpose, of which Houses, &c. Twenty-one Days Notice shall be given in the Worcester Newspapers, for that Pur-or one of them, to alter, widen, turn, and extend any of the Streets, l,ose-Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, and to lengthen, continue, and open the same from the Sides or Ends of any Streets, Lanes, Ways,

Passages, Roads, or Places within the said City; and in case any Houses, Walls, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, project into, obstruct, or prevent them from so doing, and the Possession or Occupation and Purchase of such Houses, Walls, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be or will be found necessary for any of the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Two-thirds of them present at a Meeting to be specially summoned as aforesaid (such Two-thirds to consist of not less than Nine Commissioners), to treat, contract, and agree, or to employ any Person or Persons to treat, contract, and agree with the Owner or Owners of any such Houses, Walls,

Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, of what Nature, Kind, Tenure, or Quality soever, for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, who shall be willing to dispose thereof, and to pay for the same such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, out of the Money to be raised or accrue by virtue of this Act, and to pull down, use, sell, or dispose of the same, or the Materials thereof, in such Way, Manner, and Form as they shall think most expedient, and the Sites thereof, or such Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, to lay into the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, Roads, or Places.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Power to the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empow- employ ered from 'Lime to Time, when and as they shall think it expedient, Watc men-to employ such and so many Watchmen and Night Constables as they shall judge expedient and necessary to be employed for the Security and good Order of the said City, and such Watchmen and Night Constables from Time to Time to remove and displace, and to appoint others in their Stead, and also to order and direct how many of the said Watchmen and Night Constables shall attend nightly, and bow they shall be armed, and at what Stations they shall be placed, and for what Number of Hours they shall watch, and how often they shall go their Rounds, and also to fix and determine what Wages or other Allowances shall be paid to them for their Services; and the [Local] 10 A said

1382

Watchmen

empowered

Constables.

Penalties on Watchmen for Neglect of Duty.

Streets and Houses to be named and numbered.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make such further Orders and Regulations from Time to Time, for the better Government and Direction of the said Watchmen and Night Constables as the Nature of their Services shall require.

XXXVIL. And be it further enacted, That the said Watchmen and Night Constables shall exert themselves in the Prevention of Fires, and also of Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, and other Outrages, Disorders, and Breaches of the Peace, and they are hereby required and empowered to apprehend all Night Walkers, Felons, Malefactors, Vagrants, and Disturbers of the Peace, and all disorderly and suspected Persons, who shall be found misbehaving or wandering within the said City, and to lodge them in the Watch House or other Prison or Place of Security, to be there detained until they can conveniently be carried before some Justice of the Peace for the said City, to be examined and dealt with according to Law; and all such Watchmen and Night Constables shall be sworn in as Constables before any Justice of the Peace for the said City, and act as such white in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of this Act, and they are hereby respectively invested with such and the same Powers, Authorities, Privileges, and Protections as Constables are invested with and entitled to by Law.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if such Watchmen, or any of them, shall not perforin and keep the lawful Orders, Rules, and Regulations of the said Commissioners, or shall in any Manner neglect their Duty or misbehave themselves, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Neglect or Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, and, if the said Commissioners think proper, be immediately discharged from his Office; and if any Victualler or Keeper of any Public House, Wine Vaults, or Liquor Shop shall knowingly harbour, entertain, or suffer to remain in his or her Public House or Premises, any Watchman so to be appointed, during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every such Victualler, or Keeper, or other Person so offending, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause to be painted, engraved, or described in Stone or Wood, or otherwise, and to be fixed in a conspicuous Part of One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of each of the present and future Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, the Name by which each respective Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, and Place is, are, or shall be properly called or known; and shall also cause every House, Shop, or Warehouse in each of the said Squares, Streets, and Places to tie marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the same; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, Marks, or Numbers, or any Part or Parts thereof, or place up or affix any other Name to any

5 Square,

1383

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, and Place than such by which it has been or ought to be called or distinguished, without the Consent of the said Commissioners at some Meeting, or shall cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice before whom the Party shall be convicted.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Offensive shall hereafter empty, or cause to be emptied, any Slaughterhouse, bebremoved° Privy, or Necessary House within the said City, or carry or cause to ^tween (:er. be carried any of the Soil or other offensive Substances thereof tain Hours, through any of the Streets, Lanes, Roads, Highways, or other Public Passages or Places within the said City, at any Time of the Year between Lady Day and Michaelmas, except between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Evening and Seven of the Clock in the Morning, or at any Time of the Year between Michaelmas and Lady Day, except between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Evening and Eight of the Clock in the Morning; or if any Person or Persons shall lay, cast, or empty, or cause to be laid, cast, or emptied, any of the Soil from any Slaughter House, Privy, or Necessary House, or any Night Soil or other Filth, in or near any of the said Streets,

Lanes, Roads, Highways, or other Public Places, or into any Drains or Public Sewers; or shall erect or continue any Privy or Necessary House, so as to annoy the Passengers passing along the same, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter Penalty on any Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage shall be left standing or leaving Wag-remaining in or upon any Street, Way, Lane, or Public Passage or Place within the said City, with or without Horses or other Cattle, ['hf streets, (except for the sole and express Purpose of loading and unloading only, aud then only during the Time necessarily consumed in loading and unloading the same), or if any such Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage shall not, during the Time of loading or unloading thereof be drawn near to the Side of such Street, Way, Lane, Public Passage, or Place, or if any Stage Coach, Diligence, Post Chaise, or other Carriage employed for Hire, shall be left standing or remaining upon any of the said Streets, Ways, Lanes, Public Passages, or Places, with or without Horses, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the taking up or setting down Passengers, or for loading or unloading their Baggage, or during the Time of exchanging Horses on the Journey, or exceeding a Quarter of an Hour; or if any Timber, Bricks, Stones, Slates, Tiles, Lime, Mortar, Hay, Straw,

Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Packing Cases, or any Corn, Grain, or Fruit, or any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or other Things whatsoever, shall be laid, placed, or left in or upon the Footway or Carriageway of any such Street, Way, Lane, Public Passage, or Place, longer than during the Time of housing or removing the same Things respectively, the Owner or Owners or other Person or Persons

1384

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.has

Persons having the Care or Custody of every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, Sledge, Coach, Diligence, Post Chaise, or other Carriage, or of any such Timber, Bricks, Stones, Slates, Tiles, Lime, Mortar, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Board, Packing Case, Corn, Grain, Fruit, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or other Things, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings; and it shall be lawful for the Surveyor of the said Commissioners, or any of their Officers, or any other Person present, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize or cause to be seized any such Waggon, Cart, Dray, Stage Coach, Diligence, Post Chaise, or other Carriage so left standing or remaining as aforesaid, and the Horse or Horses (if any) thereto affixed, or the Timber, Bricks, Stone, Slate, Tiles, Lime, Mortar, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Board, Packing Case, Corn, Grain, Fruit, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or other Things so laid or placed as aforesaid, and remove and detain the same in some Place to be appointed by the said Commissioners until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Agent or Servant shall claim the same and pay the said Penalty, with the Charges of removing and keeping the same; and if the same be not paid within Three Days next after such Seizure, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the said City to order the Things so seized, or any Part thereof, to be sold, and the Forfeiture and Costs to be paid out of the Money arising therefrom, rendering the Overplus (if any), and returning such things (if any) as may not be sold, upon Demand, to such Person or Persons as aforesaid : Provided always, that Hoards or Inclosures may be made for inclosing Building Materials and Rubbish, for repairing or building any House or other Building, so long as may be necessary to complete such Repairs or Buildings, so as proper Footways be railed off for the Passage of the Public.

Spouts and

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners, Gutters to be Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occupiers for the Time veving Water being of eac^ House or Building fronting any Street, and the Foot-by the Sides path the Fronts whereof is or shall be flagged or paved, shall, within of Houses. Twenty Days next after Service of any Order or Direction for the Purpose, signed by Seven or more of the Commissioners, on him, her, or them personally, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, put up and place, and for ever afterwards keep in Repair and Condition, a Spout of the whole Length of such Front, with a Pipe or Trunk to be fixed to the Front or Side of such House or Building from the Roof down to the Ground, to carry off or conduct the Water from the Roof of such House or Building, in such Manner that such Water shall pass underneath the Flagging or Foot Pavement into the Premises or into the common Channel, and so as not to fall upon or incommode the Persons passing along such Footway or Pavement, and all Sewers, Gutters, Drains, or Sinks conveying any Water, Sock, Filth, or other Material or Thing from any Houses, Buildings, Yards, or Premises within the said City, shall, within Two Calendar Months after Service of such Order as aforesaid, be covered, and the Water or other Material or Thing shall be conveyed into

some

1385

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

some under-ground Sewer, or into some Cistern, Reservoir, or Channel, at the Costs and Charges of the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof, and in case the same shall not be done within the Time aforesaid, or within the Space of Twenty Days next after Notice to be given by the said Commissioners, or their Clerk or Surveyor for the Time being, the Occupier of every such House, Warehouse, Shop, or other Building shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for each and every Day any such Spout or Gutter, Sewer, or Drain shall remain, and the Water or other Material or Thing not conveyed down as aforesaid after the Time herein-before limited; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Tenant or Tenants of any such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings as aforesaid, and they are hereby required (in case of Neglect or Refusal by the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof), to alter such Spouts and Gutters in Manner herein-before directed, and such Tenant or Tenants so altering such Spouts or Gutters, Sewer or Drain, shall and may retain and deduct the Expence out of his, her, or their next Rent or Rents, and their respective Landlords are hereby required to allow the same; and if any Person or Persons shall hereafter erect or cause to be erected or made any Spout or Gutter, Drain or Sewer, for conveying Water or other Material or Thing from any old or new Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings and Premises in any manner contrary to the Directions and true meaning of this Act as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and also the further Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Day such Spout or Gutter shall remain : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Coporate, that grant renewable Leases for any Term or Number of Years exceeding Twenty-one Years, where the full improved Rent is not reserved and payable, nor defeat any Agreement between Landlord and Tenant.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pass- por preventing of this Act, if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, ing various Cart, or other Carriage in any of the said Streets or other Public Nuisances Passages and Places, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, 8lruc" Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the Left or Near Side of the said Streets and other Public Passages and Places; or if any Person or Persons shall drive any Coach, Chaise, Waggon,

Cart, or other Carriage in such manner as to prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or them; or if any Person or Persons shall, upon any of the Footways or Pavements within the said City, run, draw, drive, or carry thereon any Wheelsledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Bier, or Carriage whatsoever, or roll any Cask or Tub other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof, unto, upon, from, or out of any Carriage or Cart; or wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle whatsoever on any of the said Foot Ways or Foot Pavements; or wilfully permit or suffer any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle which such Person may be riding, driving, or leading, to go thereon; or shall tie or fasten any Horse or other Cattle to any House, Wall, Fence, Post, Tree, or other Thing whatsoever across any of the said Foot Ways or Foot Pave-\_Local.'] 16 B ments;

I

—*1- I,

jr>

- \

tN

1386

4U GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

ments; or set any Cask, Tub, Pail, Bucket, Stool, Bench, Shew Board, Chopping Block, Basket, or Stall on or in the said Foot Way or Foot Pavement; or erect, set up, put, or place any Blind, Shade, Coverlid, or Awning, or any other Matter or Thing so as in any way to cause an Obstruction or Impediment in the Foot Way or on the Foot Pavement; or shall in any Road, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Public Passage, or Place within the said City, hoop, fire, cleanse, wash, or scald any Cask or Tub, or roll any Cask or Tub, or hew, saw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bore any Timber, or make or repair, or wash or clean any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage, or the Wheel, Body, Springs, or other Part of any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage, except such as may want immediate Repair from any sudden Accident on the Spot, and which cannot conveniently be removed for that Purpose, and also except for the necessary Time of any Stage Coach, Hackney Coach, or other Carriage let for Hire, taking up and setting down any Fares, or waiting for Passengers when actually hired; or wet, slack, or mix any Lime, or wet, mix, or make any Mortar, or shoe, bleed, or farry any Horse or other Beast (unless in case of sudden Accident); or clean, dress, drive, or turn loose any Horse or other Beast or Cattle, or shew or expose any Stallion or Stone Horse (except only in such Place as the said Commissioners shall direct), or shew or expose, or exercise or expose to Sale any Horse or other Beast, or kill, slaughter, or scald, singe, dress, or cut up any Animal, either wholly or in part; or cause or permit any Blood to run from any House, Butcher’s Shop, or Shambles into the Streets or any of them; or shall sell, or assist in selling, by Auction or Public Sale, any Cattle, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or any Thing or Things whatsoever, in any of the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Public Passages, or Places, without the Leave of the said Commissioners for that Purpose had and obtained; or hang up, place, or expose to Sale, or cause or permit to be hanged up, placed, or exposed to Sale, any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes whatsoever, or any Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff; Butcher’s Meat, Offal, or other Matter or Thing, in or upon, or so as to project over or upon the Footway or Carriageway of any such Roads, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Public Passages, or Places, or beyond the Line, or on the Outside of the Window or Windows, or in the Area or Areas of the House, Shop, or Place at which the same shall be so hanged up, placed, or exposed to Sale, and so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage; or leave open after Sun-set or before Sun-rise the Door or Window of any Area, Cellar, or under-ground Room, or Apartment, or Opening, leading to any Building or Premises, without having placed or left a sufficient Light therein to warn and prevent Persons passing in the Roads, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, and Public Places within the said Limits from falling into such Cellars or other under-ground Rooms, Apartments, or Openings; or throw at any Cock or Fowl in the Manner called Cock-tnrowing, or set up any Cock or Fowl to be thrown at in such Manner; or play at Football or any other Game to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or shall wilfully break, aid, or abet, or assist in wilfully breaking any Glass, or Window 6 Panes,

1387

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

Panes, or Windows in or belonging to any Dwelling House or Building;' or make or assist in making any Bonfire, or wantonly discharge, or wantonly fire any Gun, Pistol, or Blunderbuss, or other Firearms, or let off, set fire to, or throw any Cracker, Squib,

Rocket, or other Firework; or shall occasion any kind of Obstruction or Annoyance in or upon any such Street, Lane, Public Passage, or Place, or shall obstruct or incommode, hinder or prevent the free Passage of any Footway or Causeway, or prejudice or annoy in any Manner whatsoever any Person or Persons travelling, passing, Or going thereon within the said City; then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable or other Peace Officer, or any One of the said Commissioners, or any Officer or other Person acting by or under their Authority by virtue of this Act, and without any Warrant whatsoever, to seize and apprehend any such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City, in order to his, her, or their Conviction of such Offence.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That every Owner or Occupier Owners and of any House, Warehouse, or other Building, in any of the Streets, Occupiers of Lanes, or Places within the said City, shall take down, alter, and ^muS« Proremove all Posts, Steps, Bulks, Windows, Show Boards, Show Glasses, jections. or other Projections, which do or shall encroach on the Footways in any such Streets, Lanes, or Places; and also take away, alter, and remove, all Doors opening into or leading from the said Footways into any Cellar or Vault, and all Signs, Sign Posts, Sign Irons, Poles, Penthouses, Board, or other Annoyances whatsoever, which shall be fixed to or against any House, Warehouse, or other Building, or which shall hang from any House, Warehouse, or other Building, within the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given by the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for taking down, altering, or removing such Annoyances as aforesaid; and to cause all such Signs and Sign Boards to be fixed or placed close to the Wall of the House or other Building to which they respectively belong, at the Costs and Charges of such Owners or Occupiers; and in case any such Owners or Occupiers shall refuse or neglect so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to take down, remove, alter, and regulate, in such Manner as they shall from Time to Time judge proper and necessary,jail such Projections or Encroachments as aforesaid; and the Costs and Charges thereof shall be borne and paid by the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses, Warehouses, or other Buildings respectively; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, on Demand by the Surveyor or other Officer of the said Commissioners, the same shall be levied and recovered in like manner as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons, and to purchase or hire any Cart or Carts, or other Carriage or Carriages, and also any Horse

or

Commissioners may contract tor cleansing and watering the Streets.

1388

Footways, &c. to be swept.

Waggons,&c. used in the City, to have Six Inch Wheels.

Commissioners may erect Machines, and demand Tolls for Overweight.

3G.4. c. 126.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

or Horses for the Purpose of cleansing and watering the several Streets, Lanes, Public Passages, and Places within the said City, and for carrying away the Dust, Dirt, and Soil thereof; or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to contract with any Person or Persons for cleansing and watering the same, upon such Terms and Conditions as they shall think proper.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every House, Tenement, Warehouse, Shop, Shed, Coach House, Stable, Chapel, Meeting House, Wall, or other public or private Building within the said City shall, on the Wednesday and Saturday in every Week, and oftener if required by the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, sweep and cleanse the Footways along the Fronts of their respective Houses, Tenements, Warehouses, Shops, Sheds, Coach Houses, Stables, Chapels, Meeting Houses, Walls, or other public or private Building, and cause the same to be scraped, swept, and cleansed; and in default thereof, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings nor less than Five Shillings.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, the Wheels of all Waggons, Wains, Carts, Trolleys, and other Wheel Carriages, which shall be kept or used for carrying Coals, Bricks, Tiles, Timber, Stone, Lime, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Things for Hire within the said City, (except small Carriages, the loading whereof and the Weight of such Carriage shall not exceed One Ton), shall be made with Fellies Six Inches broad at least, and of a flat even Surface in every Part of such Fellies, and the Nails of the Tire properly countersunk, on pain that the Owners or Drivers of all such Carriages respectively used as aforesaid, not having such Fellies, shall, for every Day on which the same shall be used in the said City, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required from Time to Time, at such Place and Places as they shall think proper, to erect, provide, support, and maintain within the said City and Liberties, such a Number of Cranes, Machines, or Engines as they shall think proper for the weighing of all such Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other Carriages as shall ply for Hire within the said City, and likewise for weighing any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, or Things which any Person or Persons shall desire to have weighed, and to appoint such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall think proper to the Care thereof, and shall put up a Table of Tolls at every such Crane, Machine, or Engine; and such Person or Persons so to be appointed shall receive, take, and demand such Tolls for Overweight as are made payable for Overweight of Waggons, Wains, Carts, or Carriages, in and by the said Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; (that is to say), for every Hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, which any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage,

together

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix. 1389

together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any such Weighing Machine as aforesaid, over and above the Weights to them respectively allowed to pass on Turnpike Roads by the said Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, the several Sums of Money following; that is to say,

For the First and Second Hundred of such Overweight, the Sum of Three-pence per Hundred:

For every Hundred of such Overweight above Two Hundred, and not exceeding Five Hundred, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Hundred of such Overweight above Five Hundred, and not exceeding Ten Hundred, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

And for every Hundred of such Overweight exceeding Ten Hundred, the Sum of Five Shillings:

And shall also receive of and from such Person and Persons as shall by desire have weighed any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Things, such Sum and Sums of Money and no more, as shall be fixed by the said Commissioners, not exceeding Three-pence per Ton, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Weight, tor each Time of weighing, which said Tolls shall be applied by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and if any Person so appointed shall permit any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage to pass with greater Weight than are allowed by the said last-mentioned Act, and without receiving the Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings j and if the Owner or Driver thereof shall refuse to allow the same to be weighed, or shall offer any Impediment or Resistance to the Weighing the same, every such Owner or Driver so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, injure, or spoil any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any thing belonging thereto, every Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Pounds as the Justices before whom such Person or Persons shall be thereof convicted shall in that behalf adjudge and order.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or Exempting driving, or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Waggons,fcc. Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, Commissariat, or other Public Stores Service, Mid* of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Carriages Forces, or any Carriage whatsoever, carrying any one Tree or Piece ,aden wilh of Timber, or any one Stock, or any Block of Marble, or any single Stones* &c# Package, or other Thing, that of necessity is required to be hauled at one Time, shall be subject to any of the said Tolls for Overweight, or any Penalty or Forfeiture by reason thereof, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight thereon.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur- Surveyorto veyor or any other of the Officers to be appointed by the said Com- cause «Vag"

rrn«n -tr n rr J • • gons, &c. to

1390

Commissioners may make Bye Laws to regulate Drivers of Carriages and Porters.

Bye Laws to be put up in conspicuous Places.

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxxx.

missioners from Time to Time to weigh or cause to be weighed all or any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Drays, Sledges, Trolleys, and other Carriages plying for Hire within the said City, together with the Loading thereof, as shall at any Time be found or seen to pass through or along any of the Streets, Lanes, Squares, or Public Places of the said City with heavy Weights, at any Crane, Machine, or Engine already made or erected, or hereafter to be made or erected therein; and if any Owner or Driver shall not permit the said Surveyor or Officer to weigh or cause to be weighed any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, Sledge, Trolley, or other Carriage, with the loading thereof as aforesaid, or shall obstruct or hinder the weighing, seizing, or impounding hereby authorized, every such Owner or Driver shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice before whom he shall be convicted.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, from Time to Time to constitute, ordain, and provide such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders as they shall think fit, for regulating the Conduct and Behaviour of the Owners and Drivers of all Hackney Coaches, Fly Carriages, and Sedan Chairs, and of all Waggons, Wains, Carts, Sledges, Drays, Trolleys, and other Carriages as shall ply for Hire within the said City, and also of all Persons who shall ply for Hire as Porters in the Hop Market, or in any other Market within the said City; and for trying, adjudging, and punishing the Misconduct and Misbehaviour of such Owners, Drivers, Carriers, and Porters respectively, and for ascertaining the Wages or Hire to be taken by such Owners, Drivers, Carriers, and Porters respectively, and to compel such Owners, Drivers, Carriers, and Porters respectively to register the Names and Places of Abode of all such Owners, Drivers, Carriers, and Porters respectively with the Surveyor of the said Commissioners, or otherwise in the said City, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet, and the same Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders from Time to Time to repeal, alter, and amend, and shall ascertain and set down what Penalties or Forfeitures shall be incurred by Persons evading the same or any of them; so that no such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders be contrary to the Laws and Statutes of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to any thing in this Act contained, and so as no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall exceed Forty Shillings for one Offence, or the Imprisonment of the Offender exceed One Month.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Copies of the several Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Bye Laws by this Act authorized to be made, shall be fairly written out or printed, and painted on Boards, and signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and shall be placed or affixed in such conspicuous Parts or Places in the Council Chamber and elsewhere in the said City, as the said Commissioners shall direct, and be renewed from Time to Time as often as the same shall be pulled down, obliterated, or defaced; and if any Person shall wilfully or maliciously pull down, obliterate, or deface any such Board, or the printing or painting 10 thereon.

1391

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

thereon, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings: Provided also, that all such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Bye Laws shall be subject to Appeal in manner herein-after mentioned.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Com- Rates for mencement of this Act, the Charges and Expences of carrying the J

same into Execution, for supplying the City of Worcester and the a°d Liberties thereof with Water, shall be borne and defrayed by the to be borne " Tenants or Occupiers of all Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and by Tenants. Hereditaments within the said City and Liberties, some Part of which Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments shall be situated within Thirty Yards of a Main Water Pipe, and wherein the Severn Water shall be conveyed (except Houses under the yearly Rent or Value of Four Pounds), by an equal Pound Rate, not exceeding Two Shillings in the Pound in any Year; and that the Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution for lighting, watching, and regulating all the present and future Streets, Lanes, and other Passages and Places within the said City and Liberties, shall be borne and defrayed by the Tenants or Occupiers of all Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said City and Liberties (except Houses under the yearly Rent or Value of Four Pounds) by an equal Pound Rate, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound in any Year; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required yearly or oftener, as there shall be Occasion, to fix and ascertain, and as soon after as may be, to issue an Order under their Hands to the Assessors, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, directing how much in the Pound shall be raised by the Rates hereby authorized for the several Purposes aforesaid; and that the said Commissioners shall divide the said City into such suitable and convenient Parts as they shall think proper for the Assessment and Collection of the said Rates, which said Rates respectively shall be and be deemed Tenants Taxes, and shall be charged upon the Tenants and Occupiers of the said several Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments within the said City, and such Tenants and Occupiers are hereby made liable to pay the said Rates according to the true annual Rate or Value of their Premises respectively.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of purchasing Rates for and pulling down any Houses, Walls, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, purchasing or Hereditaments by this Act authorized to be purchased and pulled down for widening and improving any of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, t"wklenthe" and Passages, Roads, or Places within the said City, shall be borne and Streets, to defrayed by the Landlords and Tenants of the several Messuages, be borne by Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments within the several Parishes La"''!ords and Places in the said City, in the following Proportions; that is to f" say, Two Parts in Three by the Landlords, and One Part in Three Proportions, by the Tenants thereof respectively; and the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, to make One or more Rate or Rates,

A ssessment or Assessments, upon all Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments within the said several Parishes and Places in the said

1392 4° GEORGII IV. CapAAx.

said City (except Houses under the yearly Rent or Value of Four Pounds), for raising the Sum and Sums of Money hereby authorized to be raised for the Purposes aforesaid, by an equal Pound Rate, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound in any Year; and the Money so to be rated and assessed shall be charged upon and paid by the said Tenants or Occupiers respectively to the Collectors to be appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall be by such Collectors paid over to the Treasurer of said Commissioners, and applied for the Purposes aforesaid; and all such Tenants and Occupiers respectively shall and may deduct and retain out of their Rents, so much as they shall pay for and on Behalf of their respective Landlords, and such Landlords are hereby required to allow such Deductions accordingly: Provided always, that if, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, any distinct Parish or Extra-parochial Place shall be materially benefited by such Improvements, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to increase the Assessment upon the Landlords and Tenants of such Parish or Place, in such Proportions as they the said Commissioners shall determine to be fair and equitable, not exceeding One Half of the whole Sum necessary to be raised, so that the whole Rate for such Parish or Extra-parochial Place do not exceed Sixpence in the Pound in any one Year.

All Saints

LV. And be it further enacted, That Four Parts in Five of the Parish to whole Sum necessary for purchasing and pulling down the said

Fifthf of the Houses and Buildings in All Saints, and widening the Avenues to Sum for pur- the Church, shall be borne and defrayed by the Landlords and chasing Tenants of the several Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Here-Houses and ditaments within the said Parish of All Saints, in the Proportions Avenues to following; (that is to say), Two Parts in Three by the Landlords, the Church, and One Part in Three by the Tenants thereof respectively, and that the remaining One Part in Five shall be borne and defrayed by the Landlords and Tenants of the several Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments within the several other Parishes and Places in the said City, in the like Proportions; and the said Commissioners shall and are hereby empowered and required to make One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments upon all Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments within the said Parish of All Saints, and the several other Parishes and Places within the said City respectively, (excepting Houses under the yearly Rent or Value of Four Pounds) for raising the said Sum hereby authorized to be raised, by an equal Pound Rate not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound in any Year; and the Money so to be rated and assessed shall be charged upon and paid by the said Tenants or Occupiers respectively to the Collectors to be appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall be by such Collectors paid over to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners, and applied for the Purposes aforesaid; and all such Tenants and Occupiers respectively shall and may deduct and retain out of their Rents so much as they shall pay for and on Behalf of their respective Landlords, and such Landlords are hereby required to allow such Deductions accordingly.

4° GEORGII IV. G>.lxix.

LV1. And be it further enacted, That all Rates and Assessments which shall be made in pursuance of this Act as aforesaid, shall be allowed and signed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they shall and may have Power to amend any such Rates or Assessments, by inserting, or causing to be inserted, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who ought to have been rated, and shall appear to have been omitted therein, or by taking out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons whose Name or Names shall have been inserted in any such Rate or Assessment, and who ought not to be rated, or by varying, altering, raising, or reducing the several and respective Sum and Sums of Money which shall be charged, rated, or assessed in such Rate or Assessment upon any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the Assessors to be appointed as aforesaid shall appear and bring with them, at any Time and Place, when thereto required by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or by their Clerk for the Time being, a true Copy of such Assessments, fairly written and subscribed by them, and shall deliver the same unto the Commissioners, and shall upon any reasonable Notice from Time to Time attend upon the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings in pursuance of this Act; and at any Court or Courts of Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, or otherwise, as there shall be Occasion, then and there to explain, amend, and justify such their Assessments; and after the said Rates and Assessments are so made and confirmed, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to cause the same to be collected and received, as soon as may be, of and from the Person and Persons respectively on whom the same shall be rated, charged, and assessed.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments to be made in pursuance of this Act, he, she, or they, in Person or by Agent, may apply to the said Commissioners at any of their said Meetings, and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on such Application, to mitigate or reduce such Rates or Assessments respectively, and to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem just and reasonable.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That when the yearly Rent or Value of any House, Tenement, or Hereditament within the said City shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, or shall be let to any Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or in separate Apartments, furnished or unfurnished, and the Rents thereof shall become payable and be collected at any shorter Period than Quarterly, then and in every such Case (but subject to the Proviso herein-after contained), it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to compound, if they shall think proper, with the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor or Proprietors of all and every or any such House, Tenement, or Hereditament, for the Payment of the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made by virtue of this Act, at such a reduced yearly Rental as the said Commissioners shall think rea-\Locair\ lb D sonable,

1393

Rates to be signed and allowed by the Commissioners.

Commissioners may reduce and mitigate Rates.

Commissioners may compound with Landlords of Houses let at small Rents.

1394

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

sonable, so that no such House, Tenement, or Hereditament be rated at less than Two-thirds, or more than Four-fifths of the Rack Rent at which the same respectively shall then be let, or of the annual Value of the said Premises respectively; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor or Proprietors of all such Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments as shall not exceed the yearly Rent of Twenty Pounds, or as shall be let to any Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or in separate Apartments, furnished or unfurnished as aforesaid, and from whence the several Rents whereof shall become due and be collected at any shorter Period than Quarterly, is and are hereby required to enter into such Composition with the said Commissioners; and in case such Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall refuse to enter into such Composition, he, she, or they shall from thenceforth be rated to, and from Time to Time shall pay or cause to be paid the Rates or Assessments charged upon their respective Premises by virtue of this Act unto the Collector or Collectors for the Time being, who is and are hereby authorized and empowered to receive and collect the same; and upon Nonpayment thereof, or of the Amount of such Composition, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor or Proprietors of the respective Premises aforesaid, wheresoever they may be found, or of the Person or Persons inhabiting the same respectively, in such Manner as by this Act is provided for the Recovery of the Rates in other Cases; Provided always, that no such Landlord, Owner, Lessee, or Proprietor shall be charged with or liable to pay for any increased Rent reserved or made payable to him for or on account of such Landlord, Owner, Lessee, or Proprietor having agreed to pay the Rates heretofore chargeable upon the several Occupiers of such Premises; and provided also, that the Goods and Chattels of all and every Person or Persons renting or occupying any such House, Tenement, or Hereditament, or any Part or Parts thereof, the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, whereof the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor or Proprietors, is and are hereby made liable and subject to as aforesaid, shall be liable at all Times to be distrained and sold for Payment of such of the said Rates or Assessments, and of all Arrears thereof, as became due upon the said Premises during the Time of his, her, or their occupying only; but no such Occupier or Occupiers shall at any Time be required to pay, or be subject or liable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Discharge of the said Rates or Assessments or any of them, and Arrears thereof, than the Amount of the Rent actually due or payable by such Occupier or Occupiers to the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Premises so occupied by him, her, or them: Provided also, that each and every Occupier who shall pay any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or any Arrears thereof, or upon whom the same shall be levied, shall and may from Time to Time deduct the same from the Rent due and payable from him, her, or them to the respective Landlords, Owners, Lessees, or Proprietors of the Premises, unless there shall 10 be

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

be some Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Occupier or Occupiers, and to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, for so much Money as he, she, or they shall pay, in the Manner directed by this Act: Provided also, that when the yearly Rent or Value of any House which shall be let out furnished, either altogether or in separate Apartments, shall exceed Twenty Pounds per Annum, it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon such Composition being made as aforesaid, to take less than the full Amount of the Rate or Rates which shall be assessed in respect of such House, but nevertheless such Composition shall be made in manner aforesaid, lor Payment of the whole of such Rate, with and by the Landlord, Ow ner, Lessee, or Proprietor of the said Premises.

LIX. And, in order to prevent Disputes touching the Designation of Owner or Landlord, Lessee or Proprietor, of Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said City, be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons legally authorized and empowered to receive and collect, or receiving and collecting, or claiming to be entitled to receive and collect, the Rents of any Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments from the Tenants or actual Occupiers thereof, or of any of them, shall be deemed and taken, for the several Purposes of this Act, and every of them, to be the Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and in all Cases in which either Owners or Landlords, Lessees or Proprietors, are made liable by this Act, such Person or Persons respectively so authorized and empowered to receive and collect, or receiving and collecting, or claiming to be entitled to receive and collect the Rents of any such Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments from the Tenants or actual Occupiers thereof or any of them, shall be liable as Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, unless the real Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be declared by himself, herself, or themselves, or unless the real Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be distinctly and certainly known to be such to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners.

LX. And be it enacted, That from and after any Composition at a reduced Rate shall be made with the said Commissioners as hereinbefore mentioned, the House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements, and Hereditaments therein comprised, shall be rated and assessed according to the same reduced Rental in every future Rate or Assessment to be made by the said Commissioners, until the said Commissioners shall think proper otherwise to rate and assess the said Premises, and without any Notice to be given to the Landlord or Owner, Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor or Proprietors of the same.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall occupy any House, Warehouse, Buildings, Tenements,

Here-

1395

Persons receiving Rents to be deemed Owners.

Compositions to remain until altered by Commissioners.

Apportioning Rates between Occu-

1396 4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

piers quitting Hereditaments, or Premises rated or assessed, or liable to be rated

and coming or assessed by virtue of this Act, out of or from which any other Person rated or assessed shall be removed, or which at the Time of making such Rate or Assessment was empty or unoccupied, then and in every such Case every Person so removing from, and every Person coming into or occupying the same, shall be liable to pay to such Rates and Assessments in proportion to the Time that such Person respectively occupied the same, in the same Manner and under the like Penalties of Distress, as if the Person removed had continued therein, or the Person coining into or occupying such House, Buildings, Hereditaments, or Premises, had originally occupied the same, and had been originally rated and assessed in the said Rate or Assessment; which Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners.

Recovery of

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in case at any Time or

Rates. Times hereafter any Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occupiers of any House, Building, or Hereditament situate in any Street or Place within the said City, for or in respect whereof he, she, or they shall be rated or assessed, or liable to pay any Rate or Assessment made or to be made by the said Commissioners to and for the Purposes of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated and assessed upon him, her, or them respectively, or which he, she, or they may be liable to pay by virtue of this Act, and all Arrears, it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of Worcester, and he is hereby authorized and directed, by Writing under his Hand, on Complaint made by the Commissioners, or any Officer or other Person appointed by them, (the Collector of the said Rates or Assessments having first made Oath before such Justice that he hath duly demanded of the Person or Persons liable to pay the said Rates or Assessments the Monies rated and assessed upon him, her, or them), and that they have refused or neglected to pay the same, to summon all and every such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, to appear at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons before such Justice, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City, who shall be then and there present; and it shall be lawful for any Person appointed to collect and receive such Rates or Assessments, or for any of the Constables within the said City, or for any other Person, to serve all and every such Summons or Summonses upon all and every Person and Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, either by delivering the same to the Person or Persons thereby intended to be summoned, or by leaving the same at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or at or on the Premises for or in respect whereof the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments mentioned in such Summons shall remain due and owing; and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall refuse or neglect to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Summons, or if he, she, or they shall attend, and shall not shew good and sufficient Cause to such Justice or Justices as may be then and there present, that he, she, or they is or are not chargeable With such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, then

and

1397

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

and in every such Case, such Person or Persons shall pay the Hate or Rates in respect of which such Summons was issued, and all the Costs and Charges of such Summons; and in all Cases where such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or any of them, shall not be paid upon the Return of such Summons, it shall be lawful for the Justice who shall have signed and issued such Summons or Summonses, or who shall have directed such Summons or Summonses to be signed and issued as aforesaid, or for any other Justice of the Peace for the said City, and he is hereby authorized and required upon Oath made before him of the due Service of such Summons or Summonses by the Person who shall have served the same, and Proof on Oath that such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, is or are actually due and owing, and unpaid, to grant a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, authorizing or directing any such Person appointed to collect such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments as aforesaid, or any Constable within the said City, or other Person, to levy such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and the said Costs and Charges of the Summons (if the same shall not have been paid before) and the Costs and Charges of every such Warrant, and also the Costs, Charges, and Expences of executing the same, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing; and if within Five Days next after any Distress shall be made pursuant to the Directions of this Act, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, with all Arrears due thereon, together with all the said Charges for the said Summons and Warrant, and the Charges and Expences of executing the same Warrant and of making such Distress, shall not be paid, then the said Person appointed to collect as aforesaid, or the Constable or other Person authorized by the said Warrant, shall cause the said Goods and Chattels to be appraised by One or more Appraiser or Appraisers, and to be sold either on the Premises where the same shall be distrained or elsewhere, or such Part or Parts thereof as in his or their Judgment shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the said Costs, Charges, and Expences of the said Summons, Warrant, Distress, Removal, and keeping Possession of such Goods and Chattels so distrained, and the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of appraising and selling the same, and shall return the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made by him, her, or them; and in case no such Goods and Chattels can be found to be distrained by virtue of any such Warrant, or in case any such Goods and Chattels shall be locked up or secured, or shall be removed, so that such Person appointed to collect the said Rates or Assessments as aforesaid, or such Constable or other Person cannot distrain the same, or in case after such Distress and Appraisement, or Sale, as herein-before directed, the Proceeds thereof shall not be sufficient to pay such Rates or Assessments, with the Arrears due thereon, and all the said Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, then and in any of such Cases, upon Information thereof given to any Justice of the Peace for the said City, it shall be lawful to and for any such Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby authorized and [Local.3 16 E required

1398

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Apprehension of any such Person or Persons making default in the Payment of such Rates or Assessments, and the Arrears thereof, or of any Part thereof, and of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, or any of them, and to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said City, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding the Space of Two Calendar Months, unless such Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, or so much thereof as shall remain unsatisfied by any such Distress or Distresses or otherwise, shall be sooner paid.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Warrant of Distress for the Nonpayment of any such Rates or Assessments, or Compositions, to be made under this Act, shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

Warrant of < City of Worcester, *) TO the Collector of the Rates for supplying the Distress. to wit. j City of Worcester with Water, and for paving,

lighting, and watching the said City by virtue of an Act of 4 Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set 4 forth the Title of this Act], and to all Constables and other Peace Officers of the said City:

4 TX WHEREAS the under (or hereafter) mentioned Persons, now or 4 late Inhabitants, Proprietors, Tenants, or Occupiers of Houses,

4 Shops, Warehouses, or other Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said City, were and are truly rated and assessed,

4 or liable to the Rate and Rates duly made for the Purposes of this Act: And whereas the said Persons have refused or neglected to pay the several Sums of Money at and against their Names here- under (or hereafter) respectively set down for Money due from 4 them for or towards the Purposes in this Act mentioned, and the said several Sum and Sums are still remaining due in arrear and 4 unpaid, as appeareth upon Oath to One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City; and the said 4 several Persons having been summoned to appear before 4 to answer the Premises, as also appeareth to the said Justice upon Oath j and the said several Persons so summoned, or any 4 of them, not having shewn any sufficient Cause why such Sum or 4 Sums of Money should not be paid, these are therefore in His Majesty's Name to will and require you or any of you forthwith to 4 levy the said several Sums due from the said Persons, and hereunder 4 (or hereafter) joined to or set against their Names respectively, by 4 Distress and Sale of their respective Goods and Chattels, such Goods and Chattels, being kept for the Space of Five Days before the same 4 are sold, rendering to them respectively the Overplus (if any), the reasonable Charges of such Distress, Sale, and Keeping being first 4 deducted; and if no sufficient Distress can be had or taken, that 4 then you certify the same, to the end that such further Proceedings may be had therein as to the Law doth appertain; and I do hereby ‘ strictly charge and command all and singular the Constables and other 5 4 His

1399

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

* His Majesty's Peace Officers for the said City to be aiding and ‘ assisting in ail things relating to the Premises. Given under my ‘ Hand and Seal, this Day of in the Year of

‘ our Lord

Sums due.

C.D. -

E.F. the Landlord for divided Premises G.H. the Landlord for Houses in Street, ‘ compounded for -

E.T. the Landlord (or Receiver, &c. as the Case ‘ may be) ...

K. L. the Tenant -

LXIV. And for the more speedy and effectual raising of Money for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments hereby granted, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or assign over the said Rates or Assessments, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Money so to be borrowed, together with Interest for the same; and every such Mortgage or Assignment maybe according to the Form following; (that is to say),

* ID Y virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of

* His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, &c.

* [here set forth the Title of this Act], we,

* being of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of Pounds

* paid to us by A.B. [insert the Name and Place of Abode and Addi-‘ lion of the Lender] for the Purposes of the said Act, do grant and

* assign unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and ‘ Assigns, such Proportion of the Rates or Assessments arising by virtue of the said Act as the said Sum of doth

‘ bear to the whole Sum which is or shall be borrowed upon the ‘ Credit of the said Rates or Assessments, to be had and holden ‘ from this Day until the said Sum of Pounds, with

‘ Interest henceforth for the same, at the Rate of Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid Half-yearly, shall be fully repaid

‘ and satisfied. In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our Hands ‘ and Seals this Day of in the Year of

* our Lord .’

And every such Mortgage or Assignment shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall think it advisable to raise all or any Part of the Money necessary for the Purposes aforesaid by the granting of Annuities for the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons,

then

Commissioners empowered lo borrow Money on Mortgage of the Rates.

Form of the Mortgage.

Commissioners may raise Money on Annuities.

1400

Form of Grant of Annuity.

Annuities charged upon

Scale for granting Annuities on single Lives.

4U GEORGII IV. C«/>.lxix

then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to grant any Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the natural Life of any such Contributor, or the natural Life of every such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on behalf of such Contributor at the Time of the Payment of his, her, or their Contribution or Purchase Money; and the Grant of every such Annuity may be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ T»Y virtue of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of ‘ His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, Sgc. ‘ [here set forth the Title of this Act\, we, being

‘ of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of paid to us by

‘ A.B. [insert the Name and Place of Abode and Addition of the ‘ Lender] for the Purposes of the said Act, do hereby grant unto ‘ the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, One ‘ Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Pounds out of the

‘ Rates or Assessments arising by virtue of the said Act, which ‘ Annuity or yearly Sum of shall be paid to the

‘ said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, at ‘ Quarterly, upon the Day of the

‘ Day of the Day of , and the

‘ Day of in every Year during the natural Life of

‘; the First Payment thereof to be made upon

‘ the Day of next ensuing the Date hereof.

‘ In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, ‘ this Day of in the Year of our Lord .’

And every such Grant shall be a good, valid, and effectual Security in Law for the Payment of such Annuity; which said several Annuities so to be granted shall be made payable and be paid Quarterly during the natural Lives of such Contributors respectively, or the natural Life or Lives of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by such respective Contributors; and a proportionate Part of each Annuity shall be paid from the last Quarter Day of Payment to the Day of the Death of the Annuitant, or his or her Cestuique Vie; and the said Commissioners shall pay the said Annuities, freed and discharged from every Tax and Deduction whatsoever.

LXVI. And, for preventing any improvident Grants of Annuities under this Act, be it further enacted, That no Annuities shall be granted by virtue of this Act for any single Life at any higher Rate than the following; (that is to say), where the Age of the Annuitant or Person for whose Life the Annuity shall be granted shall not exceed Thirty-five Years, the Annuity to be granted shall not exceed the Rate of Eight Pounds Three Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money paid for the Purpose thereof;

where

1401

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Forty Years, the Annuity to be granted shall not exceed the Rate of Eight Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Forty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Fifty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds Twelve Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Fifty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Eleven Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Sixty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Twelve Pounds Seventeen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Fifteen Pounds One Shilling for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; and where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Seventy-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Eighteen Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money: And that no Annuities shall be granted On Two during the longest of Two Lives at any higher Rate than the fol- I-ives,accord-lowing; that is to say, where the Ages of the Annuitants or Per- g°0fhtfie sons for whose Lives the Annuity shall be granted shall neither of Annuitant*, them exceed Thirty-five Years, the Annuity to be granted shall not exceed the Rate of Six Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money paid for the Purposes thereof; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Thirty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Forty Years, the Annuity to be granted shall not exceed Six Pounds Thirteen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Thirty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Forty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Six Pounds Sixteen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Thirty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Fifty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Six Pounds Nineteen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Thirty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Fifty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds Two Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Thirty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds Six Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Thirty-five and the Age of the other shall not exceed Sixty-five Years, the Annuity to be granted shall not exceed Seven Pounds [Lora/.] 16 F Nine

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

Nine Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Thirty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds Twelve Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of neither of the Two Persons shall exceed Forty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Six Pounds Sixteen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Forty and where the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Forty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Forty and where the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Fifty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds Three Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Forty and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Fifty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds Seven Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Forty and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds Twelve Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Forty and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Sixty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Forty and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of neither of the Two Persons exceeds Forty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds Four Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Forty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Fifty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Forty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Fifty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Forty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Forty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Sixty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Eight Pounds Three Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Forty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Eight Pounds Seven Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of neither of the Two Persons exceeds Fifty Years, the An-1 o nuity

1403

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

nuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Fifty and the Age of the other shall not exceed Fifty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of the one Person shall exceed Fifty and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Eight Pounds Five Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Fifty and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Sixty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Eight Pounds Eleven Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Fifty and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Nine Pounds for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of neither of the Two Persons shall exceed Fifty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Eight Pounds Six Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Fifty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Fifty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Sixty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Nine Pounds Two Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Fifty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Nine Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of neither of the Two Persons exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Nine Pounds Three Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Sixty and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Sixty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Sixty and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Ten Pounds Five Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Ages of neither of the Two Persons exceeds Sixty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Ten Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of one Person shall not exceed Sixty-five and the Age of the other Person shall not exceed Seventy YTears, the Annuity shall not exceed Eleven Pounds Four Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; and where the Age of neither of the Two Persons exceeds Seventy Years, the Annuity shall not exceed Twelve Pounds Six Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Securities Person or Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Monies »ybe "■

borrowed ’'8ne<1

1404

Form of Assignment.

Transfer to be registered.

Application of Money.

Compensation for Materials, Damages, &c. may be levied on the Goods vested in Commissioner*.

4° GEOR.GII IV. Caji>.lxix.

borrowed or to be borrowed, or for the Annuities granted or to be granted at any Time or Times personally, or by his or their Attorney to assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, or Benefit to the said Principal and Interest Money, or Annuities granted thereby, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to be attested by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, in the following Words- or Words to the like Effect; videlicet,

* T do hereby, in Consideration of the Sum of

* assign the within Security [or above recited Security, in case

* there shall not be room for an Indorsement], and all my Right and

* Title in and to the Principal Money and Interest now due or to

* become due, [or Annuity, and all the Arrears now due] or to become

* due thereon, unto C.D. his Executors, Administrators,

1 and Assigns. Dated this Day of

‘ Witness E.F. A.B.*

Which Transfer shall, within Fourteen Days from the Date thereof, be produced and notified to the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being, who shall enter the same in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and after such Entry, and not till then, every such Assignment shall entitle any such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof; and such Clerk shall be entitled to receive the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more, for the Entry of every Security included in such Assignment, and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons, who shall have made such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money to arise and be received from the Rates or Assessments, which by virtue of the said recited Acts (hereby repealed) or of this Act, or which may be borrowed on the Credit thereof respectively, (unless in Cases otherwise expressly directed) shall be paid, applied, and disposed in the first Place in paying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of and incident to the obtaining and passing of this Act, and then in carrying the Purposes thereof into Execution; and shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due, or which may hereafter be borrowed, and become due on the Credit hereof, and of all Interest for the same respectively, and be from Time to Time applied in reducing and paying off the said Incumbrances, and in Satisfaction of such Expences as the said Commissioners or their Officers shall necessarily incur in prosecuting or defending any Prosecutions or Suits in relation thereto, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall order or direct

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, or under

1405

4° GEORGII IV. Cm/i.lxix.

the Authority of this Act, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Commissioners to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices from the Clerk to the said Commissioners or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, or the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case, such Overplus shall be returned upon Demand to the said Commissioners, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on shall, at any Time or Times hereaf ter in any manner whatsoever, wil- obstructing fully obstruct, hinder, or molest any of the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer or Person employed officers, to put this Act in Execution, in the Execution thereof, then and in such Case, each and every Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Ten Shillings, to be recovered and applied as other Penalties are hereby directed to be recovered and applied.

LXXI. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act For securing by Persons unknown to the Commissioners, Surveyors, or other Officers transient appointed to put this Act into Execution; be it therefore further Offenders* enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Commissioners,

Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his, her, or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them, as soon as practicable, before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed with all convenient Speed to the hearing and determining of the said Complaint.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace Form of before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Conviction. Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according or to the Effect following j that is to say,

4 [Local] 16 G

‘ BE

1406

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

* City of Worcester, BE it remembered, That on the Day of

* to wit. j in Year of our Lord One'thou*

* sand eight hundred and , is convicted before me, One of

‘ His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of Worcester, [here ‘ specify the Offence or Omission, and the Time and Place when and

* where the same was committed, as the Case may be']. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above written.*

Recovery and

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, Application and Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the of Penalties. banner of levying, recovering, and applying whereof is not herein otherwise directed), shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the said City, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is in every such Case hereby fully authorized to administer), be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus (if any), after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice, for his or their Appearance before such Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise j but if, upon the Return of such Warrant, it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants, under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said City, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid and applied as follows; one Moiety thereof to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners for their Use, and the other Moiety thereof to such Public Charity of and in the said City of Worcester, as the said Justice shall think proper.

Rates and

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Assessment, Proceedings or any Proceeding to be had touching any Order made or other Matter

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

or Thing to be had or transacted in or relating to any Complaint or Appeal, or any Order or Determination thereon in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or removed or removable into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Irregularity, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover Satisfaction [for the special Damage in an Action on the Case.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, Causes, and Proceedings whatsoever relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, no Inhabitant residing within the said City shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his being such Inhabitant, or of his being charged with or liable to pay any Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done under this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof shall be given in Writing to the Respondent or Respondents, or to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners, as the Case may require, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint arose, or after the Fact was committed, for which such Action or Suit shall be brought, and all such Actions or Suits shall be laid and tried in the County wherein the Cause of Action shall have accrued and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit was brought before Fourteen Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Term for that Purpose herein-before limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in any or either of the said Cases the July shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or Suit shall become nonsuited, or shall suffer a Discontinuance of any such Action or Suit, or if upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants,

then

1407

not to be quashed for want of Form.

Persons distraining not to be deemed Trespassers for want of

Inhabitants not incompetent to give Evidence.

Limitation of Actions.

General

1408

4° GEORGII IV. Cflp.lxix.

then and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defend-Treble Costs, ants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such and the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

Act not to

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That extend be- nothing in this Act contained shall extend the Jurisdiction or Autho-Limits of the rity of the Mayor and Justices of the City of Worcester, or of the said City. Commissioners, or any of their Officers, beyond the Limits of the City

of Worcester.

Act not to

LXXIX. Provided always, and he it further enacted, That nothing extend to the in t[]is Act. contained shall extend to the Precincts of the Cathedral Precincts. Church of Worcester.

Inhabitants,

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Corporations, contained shall exempt or be construed to exonerate the Inhabitants Trustees'to 6 of the several Parishes and other Places within the City of War-continue cester or the Corporation of the said City, or the Trustees of the liable to usual Turnpike Roads, or any other Person or Persons from repairing repairs. such Parts of the Footways, Gutters, or Carriageways in any of the Streets, Roads, or other public Passages and Places as they of Right ought to repair by Custom, Common Law, Statute, or otherwise.

Appeal may

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any be made to Body or Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Setskj'iT" Persons whosoever, thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rule or Bye-law, or by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye-law, or Order of the said Commissioners, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, may, within Four Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace to be holden for the County, City, or Place where the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given at least Fourteen clear Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, as the Case may require, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, City, or Place as aforesaid, with sufficient Sureties to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, shall in a summary Way hear and determine such Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County, City, or Place, as the Case may be, and if they see Cause may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-law, Older, Judgment, or Determination of the said Commissioners or Justice or Justices, and shall and may also award

such

1409

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxix.

such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, or such Costs to either of the Parties, as they shall judge reasonable and proper; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

[Public Act.]

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

{Local.']

16 H

SCHEDULE

1410

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxix.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Three Houses situate on the East Side of Quay Street, and the West Side of All Saints Church, the Property of the Trustees of Jonathan Hopkins, occupied by Jeffrey Jones, William Harris, and John Knight.

One House, situate on the South-east of Broad Street, and on the North-west of the said Church, the Property of the Executors of the late Mr. Wellings, and occupied by William Staples.

One House, situate on the South of Broad Street, and on the North of the said Church, the Property and in the Occupation of Sarah Hundley.

Two Houses, situate on the South-east of Broad Street, and on the North of the said Church, the Property of John Tymbs Esquire, occupied by John Lowe and Edward Terry.

The Corner of a House, situate on the South of Broad Street, and on the West of Quay Street, the Property of Mr. James Walters, and occupied by him.

The Weighing Machine, situate in Broad Street, on the North Side of the said Church, the Property of William Morton, Esquire.

The Pump adjoining to the said Machine.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823. ii

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxx.

An Act for lighting and watching the Parish and Town of Greenwich in the County of Kent, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS the Streets, Lanes, Ways, public Passages and Places’ within the Parish of Greenwich in the County of Kent, are not lighted and watched, and are subject to various Nuisances,

Annoyances, Incroachments, and Obstructions; and it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town if the said Streets,

Lanes, Ways, Passages and Places were properly lighted and watched, and the Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments therein removed, and prevented for the future j but as the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the 26G.2.C. 100.

better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parish of East Greenwich

in the County of Kent, and for repairing the Highways and cleansing the

Streets thereof: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act it shall Church-

and may be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, wardens and

and Governors and Directors of the Poor of the Parish of Greenwich, or °vr»eer*

the major Part of them at any Special Meeting for that Purpose, and n"r8

[Local16 / they Director* to

1414 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxx.

provide for they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to pro'

lighting the vide for the lighting of the said Town and Parish, or such Parts thereof 0WI>* as they shall deem necessary or expedient, and to cause Lamp Irons or

Lamp Posts to be put up, fixed into, upon, or against the Ground adjoining to, or the Walls or Palisadoes of any of the Houses, Tenements, or Buildings already built or hereafter to be built within the said Town and Parish, as they the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors shall from Time to Time think proper and convenient; and also to cause such Number of Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts to be provided and fixed or put upon such Lamp Irons or Lamp Posts, or to cause the same when so provided and fixed to be altered, taken down, or removed, as they shall from Time to Time think proper, for well and effectually lighting the said Town and Parish with Oil or Gas, and to cause such Lamps to be lighted at such Time or Times, and to be kept lighted during the Whole or such Part of the Night as they the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors shall think proper: Provided always, that if any Injury or Damage shall be occasioned to any Rails, Palisadoes, Building, or Wall, by the affixing, setting up, taking down, altering, or removing any such Lamp or Lamps, or any Lamp Iron or Lamp Irons, or other Fastener thereof, or by laying down, taking up, altering or repairing any such Works as aforesaid, the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Governors, and Directors, shall immediately cause such Injury or Damage to be well and sufficiently repaired, and defray the Expences attending the same out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act.

Punishment

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall for damaging wilfully take away, break, throw down, or otherwise damage any of the amps, &c. LampS which shall be erected by or by Order or under the Authority of the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors, or any of the Posts, Irons, or Furniture thereof, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights of any of the said Lamps, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kent, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint of any One or more of the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors, or of their Clerk, and on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant for apprehending the Party accused; or it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall see such Offence committed to apprehend, and also for any Person or Persons to assist in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County; and the Party accused being brought before any such Justice, or Oath being made before him that the Party complained against cannot be found, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon Oath made as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted shall for every Offence respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with full Satisfaction (to be ascertained by such Justice), to be made to the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors, by such Offen-6 der

1415

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxx.

der or Offenders, for the Damages so by him, her, or them done; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not upon Conviction pay the Forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be so convicted, shall commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and One Half of the said respective Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Half thereof shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise damage any of the said Lamps, or any of the Posts, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not upon Demand made by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors, or by their Clerk, make Satisfaction to them, or One of them, for the Damages by such Person done, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint thereof made by any One of the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors, or by their Clerk, to summon the Party complained of, and upon his, her, or their appearing or making default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the same was left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or Place of Abode, if known, or that he, she, or they could not be found) such Justice shall proceed to examine the Cause of such Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either by the Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party complained of, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done, as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable, and shall cause the Sum so awarded, in case the same be not paid forthwith upon the making of such Award or Order, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons complained of, rendering to him, her, or them, upon Demand, the Overplus (if any be) after the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint and of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted.

IV. And whereas it is by the said Act enacted, that the Office of Surveyor of the Highways in the said Parish should cease and determine : And whereas the Duties of the said Office are imposed upon the Churchwardens and Overseers and Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being: And whereas Inconvenience may arise in the Execution of the said Office, from the Number of Persons on whom the Duties of the said Office are imposed; be it enacted, That the Vestry Clerk of the said Parish of Greenwich for the Time being shall be and he is hereby declared to be the Surveyor of the Highways for the said Parish, and shall execute the said Office by and under the Direction of the Churchwardens and Overseers and Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish.

Persons damaging Lamps, &c. not paying on Demand to be summoned forthwith before a Justice.

Vestry Clerk to be Surveyor of the Highways.

1416

Churchwardens and Overseers and Governors and Directors may contract for Gas.

Churchwardens and Overseers and Governors and Directors may allow the breaking up of the Streets for laying Pipes for lighting.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxx.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers and Governors and Directors of the Poor of the Parish of Greenwich for the Time being, or the major Part of them at any Special Meeting for that Purpose assembled, to contract and agree with any Gas Light Company, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons willing to supply the same, for so many Public Lamps to be set up and kept lighted with Gas by the said Company, or Body or Bodies, or other Person or Persons, at such Parts of the Town and Parish of Greenwich, and for such Periods of Time as they shall deem expedient and necessary, and to pay the Expence of such Contract, and of lighting and keeping lighted the said Lamps, and all other Expences incident to such Contract and lighting, in manner herein-after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Churchwardens and Overseers and Governors and Directors of the Poor, to authorize and empower any Gas Light Company, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, by their Servants, Agents, Workmen and others, from Time to Time to make and erect such Retorts, Gasometers, Receivers and other Buildings, Cisterns, Engines, and other Apparatus, Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, Reservoirs, and other Works and Devices, and to sink and lay Pipes, in such Manner as they shall think necessary or proper for the Purpose of providing such Gas to the said Parish; and further to authorize and empower any Gas Light Company, or Body or Bodies, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to break up the Soil and Pavements of any of the Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways, Lanes, and Passages within the said Parish, and to dig and sink Trenches and Drains, and lay Mains or Pipes, and put Stopcocks, Syphons, Plugs, or Branches from such Pipes, in, under, across, and along the Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways, Lanes and Passages, when and in such Manner as shall be necessary for supplying any Light, and from Time to Time to alter the Position of, and to repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes, Stopcocks, Syphons, Plugs and Branches; and also to carry, fit up, and furnish any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or other necessary Apparatus, from any Main or Pipe laid in any Street, Highway, Roadway, Lane, Footpath or Passage, by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of lighting any public or private Lamp in the said Parish from any of such Mains or Pipes; and to erect and set up any Machine or other Apparatus necessary or requisite, or which may be deemed advisable, for securing to any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, a proper and competent Supply of Gas, and for measuring and ascertaining the Extent of such Supply; and also to alter or amend any Work which shall have been so placed when bad or imperfect, or which shall be injured or damaged, and to do all such Acts, Matters, and Things as they shall from Time to Time think necessary and convenient, for completing, amending, repairing, improving, supplying and using the same; provided that all public Streets, Highways, Roads, Lanes and Passages, shall only be broken up with the Consent of the said Churchwardens and Overseers, and Governors and Directors, signified by Writing under the Hand of their Clerk for the Time being, and specifying the particular Places to be so broken up; and that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable the said Gas Light Company, or any other Person or Persons, to lay any

1417

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxx.

Pipe or Pipes for supplying the said Town or Parish with Gas in, through, over or upon any private Lands or Grounds, or through or against any Dwelling House, or to continue the same, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers thereof respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Gas Light Company in Company, or any Company of Proprietors of Waterworks, or other Per- laying Pipes son or Persons, in laying or repairing any Pipes, Plugs, Stopcocks, "JatJe Branches, or other Apparatus, shall do as little Damage as may be, and pavements. shall forthwith fill in the Trenches, and make good the Pavements and Roads, and carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby $ and the said Company or other Person or Persons shall in the meantime fence or guard and affix Lights during the Night at or near the Place or Places where any Ground shall be opened, in such Manner as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, Cattle, or Carriages: Provided also, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in either of the said Companies, or other Person or Persons, or in any of their Agents or Servants, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, in filling in any such Ground, or removing Rubbish, or making good any such Pavements or Roads, or in case the same shall be imperfectly repaired, or in case the Ground so opened shall not be fenced or guarded and lighted, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Churchwardens and Overseers, and Governors and Directors, or the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in whom the Right of Soil of such Pavements or Roads shall be, or to and for the Surveyor for the Time being of the said Parish, to fill in such Grounds, and to remove such Rubbish, and to repair and make good the Pavement of any Street,

Lane, Way, Road, Passage, or other Place so broken up, and properly to fence or guard any such Trench or Excavation, and to place and maintain such Light or Lights during the Night as to him shall seem necessary; and the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof shall be paid by the said Company, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Person or Persons; and in default of Payment thereof for Four Days next after Demand made for the Payment thereof, Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, all such reasonable Costs, together with any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds by way of Penalty, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, or Person or Persons offending, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant j and such Penalties, Costs, Charges and Expences, shall be paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid : Provided always, that after such Pavements or Roads shall have been so repaired and made good, if the same shall within Six Calendar Months thereafter give way, or require relaying or repairing, in consequence of such Pavements or Roads having been broken up for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, the same shall be forthwith done and performed by and at the Expence of such Company, or other Person or Persons.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case such Pavement or Ground so taken up shall not be properly relaid and filled \Local.~\ 16 K in

Provision in case the Ground or Pavement

1418 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxx.

shall be im- in to the Satisfaction of the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the properly poor an(j Governors and Directors for the Time being, then upon Notice rC given to such Company or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, the said

Pavement shall, within Two Days after such Notice, be again taken up and relaid, or the Ground filled in, at the Expence of the said Company, or any other Person or Persons who shall have so taken up the said Pavement or broken the said Ground; and in case the said Pavement so taken up, or the Ground so broken, shall not then be relaid or filled in, in a proper Manner, and to the Satisfaction of the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors for the Time being, or their Surveyor, then the said Company or any other Person or Persons so neglecting to relay the said Pavement or fill in the said Ground in a proper Manner, shall forfeit and pay to the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered before any Magistrate for the County of Kent, who is hereby authorized to determine all Complaints relating thereto; and the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors shall cause such Pavement to be taken up and relaid, and the Ground to be properly filled by their own Workmen and Paviors, and the Expence thereof, and all Costs and Charges occasioned in taking up and relaying the same, shall be borne and defrayed by the Company or other Person or Persons so neglecting to relay the same in a proper Manner j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Gas Pipes to

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Pipes or other

be laid Three Conduits to be laid or used for the Conveyance of Gas in, under, through, Feet from the along, across, or round any Street, Lane, Way, public Passage or Place, andhaDar- *n Town and Parish, shall be so laid at the greatest practicable

ticular Man- Distance, and whenever the Width of the Carriageway in such Street ner. or Place will allow thereof, at the Distance of Three Feet at least from the nearest Part of any Water Pipe already laid down, or hereafter to be laid down, for the Conveyance of Water in, under, through, along, across, or round any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, public Passages or Places in the said Town and Parish, unless in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to lay the Gas Pipes across any of the said Water Pipes, in which Cases the said Gas Pipes shall be laid over and above the said Water Pipes at the greatest practicable Distance therefrom, and shall form therewith a Right Angle; and that in such Cases the said Gas Pipes, so crossing the said Water Pipes, shall be at least Six Feet in Length, so that no Joint of any of the said Gas Pipes shall be nearer to any Part of the said Water Pipes than Three Feet at least; and that in laying down the said Gas Pipes, the said Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall in no case join Two or more Gas Pipes together previous to their being laid in the Trench, but shall lay each Pipe as near as may be in its Place in the Trench, and shall in such Trench properly form the jointing with the other Pipes to be added thereto, with proper and sufficient Materials; and shall also make and keep all and every such Pipes, and all Pipes connected or communicating therewith, and all the Screws, Joints, Inlets, Apertures or Openings therein respectively, Air-tight; and in all and every respect prevent the said Gas from escaping therefrom, and from any Part thereof; upon pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any Penalty is herein directed to be recovered and applied.

9

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixx.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Branch or Service Pipes which shall or may be put down for lighting the Streets and other public Passages and Places in the said Town and Parish, shall be kept fully charged with Gas, and the Stopcocks shall be so turned as not to impede or prevent the said Branch or Service Pipes being completely filled with Gas during the Time the same shall be lighted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or set up in pursuance of this Act, the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, shall immediately after receiving Notice by Parol, or in Writing, of any such Escape of Gas, from any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Body or Bodies, or Person or Persons, shall not within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice by Parol or in Writing shall have been given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of Complaint, then and in every such case the said Body or Bodies, or Person or Persons, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each and every Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of giving any such Notice during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid, which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recoverable in a summary Way, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Information to be laid and exhibited before some One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County; and shall and may be recovered and levied, with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Body or Bodies, or Person or Persons, by Warrant of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, in maimer herein-after mentioned.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons whomsoever, shall at any Time empty, drain, or convey, or cause or suffer to be emptied, drained, or conveyed, or to run or flow, any Washings or other waste Liquids, Substances, or Things whatsoever, which shall arise or be produced in the Prosecution of the said Gas Works, or in the Manufacture or Process of making or procuring such Gas, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, Spring Head, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or do or cause to be done any Annoyance, Act, or Thing to the Water contained in any such River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, or Spring Head, Well, Drain, Sewer or Ditch, then and in every such Case, the said Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the whole thereof shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same: Provided always, that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable, unless the same be sued for

within

1419

Pipes to be kept fully charged with Gas.

To prevent Escape of Gas.

Penalty for conveying Washings into any River, &c.

1420

Act not to prevent Bodies or Persons being proceeded against for Nuisance.

For the Appointment of Night Constables and Watchmen.

4’ GEORGII IV. Cup.Ixx.

within Twelve Calendar Months from the Time of such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing shall have ceased and determined : Provided also, that over and above and in addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds (and whether such Penalty shall have been sued for or recovered or not), in case any of the said Washings or other waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances or Things, shall be emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in Manner aforesaid, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, or any Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, Spring Head, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer or Ditch communicating therewith, or any such Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be done or cause to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given by any Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to the Body or Bodies, or Person or Persons so offending, and such Person or Persons shall not, within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice shall have been given to them or him as aforesaid, stop, hinder, or prevent all and every such Washings, waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances or Things, from being emptied, drained, conducted or conveyed, or from running or flowing in Manner aforesaid, and every such other Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing from being done as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each and every Day such Washings, waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things shall be so emptied, drained, conducted or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in Manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be so done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and such last-mentioned Penalty shall and may be recovered and levied in such and the like Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is in and by this Act directed to be recovered and levied before and by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, and shall be paid to the Informer, or to the Person or Persons who, in the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Conviction shall take place, shall have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage by any such Act so done or committed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding by Indictment, or otherwise, against the said Company, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, or against any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, in respect of any Works of the said Company, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, or the Means which shall be by them used in obtaining, making, or preparing the said Gas or Inflammable Air, or in using the same, as a public or private Nuisance.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors shall and may at any special Meeting to be held for that Purpose, and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time as they shall think necessary, to order, establish, and appoint a Night Constable or Night Constables, and such Number of Watchmen as they shall judge necessary to be kept and employed in or about the said Town, and likewise direct and appoint

how

1421

4° GEORGII IV. GipAxx.

how and where the several Night Constables and Watchmen shall be stationed, and in what Manner they shall be armed, how often they shall go their Rounds, how long they shall continue upon Duty, and what Wages shall be allowed to such Watchmen for their Service; and shall and may also erect and provide proper Places or Boxes for the Reception of such Watchmen as aforesaid; and shall make Orders and Regulations from Time to Time for the better Direction and Government of such Watchmen, such Orders and Regulations to be printed, and Copies thereof signed by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors, or their Clerk for the Time being; and it shall be lawful for such Watchmen, and they are hereby authorized and required to keep watch and ward within the said Town, under the Order of the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and Governors and Directors, to arrest, apprehend, and detain in the Prison or Watch-house, or some other convenient Place of Security within the said Town, to be provided and appointed by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors, all Disturbers of the public Peace, disorderly Persons, Vagrants, Beggars, and all such other Persons as shall be found misbehaving themselves, and shall report and take them within Twenty-four Hours (or as soon after as conveniently may be) before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Kent, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Watchmen and Serjeants of Watchmen, the Night shall be sworn in as Constables before any Justice or Justices of ^tj1v^e(l the Peace for the said County of Kent, and act as such while in the Execu- p0MIersCof tion of the Powers and Authorities of this Act, and they are hereby in- Constable?, vested with and shall have and enjoy the like Powers and Authorities,

Privileges and Immunities, as any Constable or Constables is or are invested with, or have and enjoy by Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if such Watchmen or any of Punishment them shall not observe, perform, or keep the Orders, Rules, and Regulations, which shall be made for the Purposes aforesaid by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors, or shall in any Manner neglect their Duty or misbehave themselves, every Person so offending shall, upon Conviction before any One of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, forfeit and pay for every such Neglect or Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall also (if the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors at a Special Meeting for that Purpose held, or the Magistrate by whom such Complaint is determined, shall think proper) be immediately discharged from his or their respective Office or Employment, and shall not again be appointed or act as a Watchman in the said Parish; and any Person so discharged by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors (or by the Magistrate by whom any Complaint against such Watchman shall have been heard and decided), who shall presume to act again as a Watchman for the said Parish, shall upon every Complaint and Conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent, forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and in default of Payment thereof shall be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of Three Calendar Months.

of Wntch-for Neg-

1422

Victuallers

harbouring

Watchmen.

For preventing Nuisances.

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. lxx.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler, Publican, Coffeehouse Keeper, or any Person selling or dealing in spirituous or other Liquors, or keeping any House of public Entertainment, shall wilfully entertain or harbour in his, her, or their House or Habitation or Shop, any Watchman to be appointed under this Act, during any of the Hours or Times appointed for such Watchmen to be on Duty by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, then every such Victualler, Publican, or other Person shall for every such Offence, upon Conviction before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall, upon any of the Footways or Foot Pavements within the said Town or Parish, run, draw, drive, or carry thereon any Truck, Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Bier, or Carriage whatsoever; or roll any Cask or Tub, other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof, into, upon, from, or out of any Carriage or Cart; or wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse or other Beast or Cattle whatever on any of the said Footways or Foot Pavements, or wilfully permit or suffer any Horse or other Beast or Cattle which such Person may be riding, driving, or leading to go thereon; or shall tie or fasten any Horse or other Cattle to any House, Wall, Fence, Post, Tree, or other Thing whatsoever, across any of the said Highways, Footways, or Foot Pavements; or set any Cask, Tub, Pail, Bucket, Stool, Bench, or Stall on or in the said Footway or Foot Pavement; or erect, set up, put, or place any Blind, Shade, Coverlid, Awning, or any other Matter or Thing, so as in any Way to cause any Obstruction or Impediment in the Footway or on the Foot Pavement; or shall in any Street, Lane, public Passage, or Place within the said Parish or elsewhere, within the Jurisdiction of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, hoop, fire, cleanse, wash, or scald any Cask or Tub, or hew, saw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bore any Timber, or make or repair, or wash or clean any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage, or the Wheel, Body, Springs, or other Part of any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage (except such as may want immediate Repair from any sudden Accident on the Spot, and which cannot conveniently be removed for that Purpose); or wet, slack, or mix any Lime, or wet, mix, or make any Mortar; or shoe, bleed, or ferry any Horse or other Beast unless in case of sudden Accident, or clean, dress, drive, or turn loose any Horse or other Beast or Cattle, or wilfully permit or suffer any Swine or Pigs to wander or stray in the said Streets, Roads, Lanes, and other Passages of the said Parish, or shew or expose any Stallion or Stone Horse (except only in such Place as the said Churchwardens and Overseers, Governors, and Directors shall direct), or shew or expose, or exercise or expose to Sale any Horse or other Beast, or kill or slaughter, or scald, singe, dress or cut up any Animal, either wholly or in part, or cause or permit any Blood or other Filth to run from any Slaughterhouse, Butcher’s Shop, or Shambles; or shall pump or empty any Cesspool into the said Streets, Roads, Lanes, or other Passages or Places or any of them; or hang up or expose to Sale, or cause or permit to be hanged up, placed, or exposed to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever, or any Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff, Butcher’s Meat, or other Matter or Thing in or upon or so as to project

over

1423

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.hx.

over or upon the Footway or Carriage Way of any such Streets, Lanes, public Passages or Places, or beyond the Line, or on the Outside of the Window or Windows of the House, Shop, or Place at which the same shall be so hanged up, placed, or exposed to Sale, or so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage; or leave open after Sun-set the Door or Window of any Cellar or other underground Room or Apartment, without having placed or left a sufficient Light therein, to warn and prevent Persons passing in the Streets, Lanes, and public Places of the said Town and Parish from falling into such Cellar or other underground Rooms or Apartments; or bait or cause to be baited any Bull or other Animal, or throw at any Cock or Fowl in the Manner called Cockthrowing, or set up any Fowl to be thrown at in such Manner; or play at Football, or at any other Game to the Annoyance of any Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Passenger or Passengers; or shall wilfully break, aid, or abet, or assist in wilfully breaking any Glass or Window Panes or Windows, in or belonging to any Dwelling House or Building; or cause, make, or assist in making any Bonfire, or wantonly discharge or fire any Gun, Pistol, or Blunderbuss, or other Fire Arms, or let off, set fire to, or throw any Cracker, Squib, Rocket, or other Firework, or shall occasion any other Kind of Obstruction or Annoyance in or upon any such Street, Lane, public Passage, or Place, or shall obstruct or incommode, hinder, or prevent the free Passage of any Footway or Causeway, or prejudice or annoy in any Manner whatsoever any Person or Persons travelling, passing, or going thereon within the said Town or Parish; then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and not less than Ten Shillings; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable or other Peace Officer, or any one of the said Churchwardens or Overseers, Governors or Directors, or any Officer or other Person acting by or under their Authority by virtue of this Act, and without any Warrant whatsoever, to seize and apprehend any such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, in order to his, her, or their Conviction for such Offence.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, within the Penalty for Boundaries or Limits of the said Parish, blow any Horn or Trumpet, or blowing use any other noisy Instrument for the Purpose of hawking, selling, or p, Jof the"^ distributing any Article whatsoever, or for any other Purpose of Trade Parish, or Profit, or for the Purpose of calling or collecting Passengers, Parcels, or Goods, it shall be lawful for any Constable, Beadle, or other Officer, and to and for any other Person or Persons whomsoever, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize and apprehend every Person so offending, and convey such Offender before any Justice of the Peace, who shall examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses appearing to give Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, then and in every such Case he, she, or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and not less than Ten Shillings; and in case the Offender shall not forthwith pay the Penalty, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the House os Correction, there to be kept to

hard

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.\*x.

hard Labour for any Time not exceeding fourteen Days not* less than Twenty-four Hours, unless the Penalty shall be sooner paid1.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Penthouses or other Projections, and all Posts, Shutters, Signs, Sign Posts, Show Boards, (or other Emblems to denote the Trade, Occupation, or Calling of any Person or Persons), and all Spouts, Sewers, Gutters, Drains, Channels, Pales, Rails, Gates, Stalls, Bulks, Sheds, Sunblinds, Furniture, Stock in Trade, or any other Matters or Things whatsoever, which at the Time of passing this Act is or are, or hereafter shall be erected, set up, or placed, and which in the Judgment of the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors, shall be deemed an Obstruction or Annoyance to any of the Inhabitants or Passengers, by projecting mto or being placed upon any of the present or future Footways or Carriage Ways of such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages or Places, or incumber or fill up the same, shall, within Four Days after a Day to be expressed in a Notice to be for that Purpose given to or left with the Owner or Occupier of the House or other Buildings or Lands to whom such Matters and Things aforesaid, or any of them, shall respectively belong, be taken down, carried away, filled up, removed or altered, by and at the Expence Of the Owner or Occupier thereof, under the Inspection and Direction of the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors; and in case the respective Owners or Occupiers shall neglect or refuse to obey such Notice, and to observe and perforin the several Matters and Things hereby respectively required to be done within the Time aforesaid, then such Occupier shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day the same shall so remain undone j and it shall and may be lawful for the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors, to cause the same to be taken down, carried away, filled up, removed, altered, and fixed in the Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall return, or cause to be returned, to the respective Occupiers thereof, or to be left on the Spot where the same shall be so respectively removed, or as near thereto as conveniently may be for such Occupiers, so much of such Matters and Things as aforesaid, as shall not be affixed or set up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by this Act j and the Charges and Expences attending the same shall be recovered of the Occupiets thereof respectively, in the same Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act is or are hereby directed to be recovered on Nonpayment of the same j and if such Occupiers shall cause such Matters and Things to be replaced, erected, built, or made contrary to the Directions of this Act, every such Occupier or Occupiers, for every Day he, she, or they shall so offend, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors &s aforesaid, to order the same to be taken down, removed, or altered in such Manner as they shall think proper, without giving any Notice to the Occupier or other Person offending therein, and the Charges and Expences attending the same shall or may be recovered of the Person or Persons so offending, in the same Manner as is last herein-before mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors, with the Authority

7 of

1425

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxx.

of a public Vestry called for that Purpose, shall and may, by Contract or otherwise, cause such and so many public Channels, Sewers and Drains, as they may think necessary, to be dug and made in, along, or across any of the said Streets, Roads, Lanes, Ways, Passages and Places, and to be from Time to Time enlarged, widened, raised, altered, removed, repaired, cleansed or scoured, when and as often as to them the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors shall seem meet, and also shall and may cause such and so many Grates or Openings to be made therein for the conveying and carrying off the Filth, foul and other Waters, from the Houses built or to be built in or adjoining to such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages and Places, into the said Channels, Sewers and Drains, as the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and Governors and Directors shall and may think necessary and expedient; and all Costs, Charges, and Expences in and about the making, enlarging, widening, raising, altering, removing, repairing, cleansing, or scouring such Channels, Sewers and Drains, shall be borne and defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by the Rates or Assessments for repairing and cleansing the Highways of the said Parish.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That for the Purpose of building, altering, or repairing any House or Building, or for any of the Purposes of this Act required, a Hoard or Inclosure may be fenced and made, during such Time only as the said Building or Repairing is going forward, and so as the Person or Persons making such Hoard do rail off a good and proper Footway for the Public, during such Time as the said Hoard shall be erected and continued.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall begin to empty or cleanse any Necessary, Bog House, Cesspool or Privy, or to take away any Night Soil from any House or Houses within the Parish aforesaid, before the Hour of Eleven of the Clock at Night, or shall continue to take away the same after the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Morning from Michaelmas to Lady Day, or after the Hour of Four of the Clock in the Morning from Lady Day to Michaelmas; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently spill or cast out of any Cart, Carriage, Tub, or otherwise, any of the Soil of such Necessary, Bog House, Cesspool, or Privy, in any of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, Passages or Places within the Parish aforesaid, then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for any Constable or other Peace Officer, or any of the Churchwardens or Overseers, Governors or Directors of the Poor, or any Person acting under their Authority by virtue of this Act, and without any Warrant whatsoever, to seize and apprehend any such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them before some Justice of the Peace of the said County, in order to his, her, or their Conviction for such Offence.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Parishioners of the said Parish of Greenwich, or the major Part of them, by previous Notice for that Purpose in Vestry assembled, and they are hereby required from Time to Time as Occasion shall arise, to make a sufficient Rate or Assess-

[Local.'] 16 M mem

Hoards, during the Repairs of Houses tu be set up.

Privies to be

emptied

between

certain

Hours.

The Chargea arising under this Act to be defrayed by a Rate.

1426

A Parinh Pound to provided.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxx.

ment for defraying the Costs and Charges of obtaining this Act and of lighting and watching the said Town and Parish of Greenwich, and other the Purposes of this Act; and such Rate or Assessment shall be made upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, or enjoy, any Land, House, Shop, Water Works, Wharf, Warehouse or other Building, and on every Person or Persons by Law chargeable and assessible for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, except such Persons as are not in the whole assessed upon the Sum of Eight Pounds to the Poor Rates in the said Parish, such Rates to be made, published, collected, and recovered, in like manner as the Poor Rates are by Law directed to be made, published, collected, and recovered : Provided always, that no Person shall be assessed towards the said Rates for lighting and watching, for any greater Quantity of Land than Five Acres; but that all Land above that Quantity in the Occupation of any one Person shall be exempt from the said Rates, (unless the said Land shall form a Park, or Paddock, or Pleasure Ground, which shall be charged according to the Number of Acres comprized within the same) : Provided also, that after the Expence of setting up the Lamps, Lamp Posts, and other Articles necessary to be set up and purchased for lighting the said Parish shall have been paid and discharged, and the necessary Expences of setting on foot the said Watch by providing Watch Boxes and other Things necessary for the Watchmen, shall also have been paid and discharged, all which Expences shall be defrayed within One Year after the passing of this Act, then the Amount of the annual Rates for defraying the Expences of lighting and watching the said Parish shall not exceed the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound.

XXV. And whereas it would tend much to prevent Nuisances within the said Parish, if a Pound was erected for detaining Cattle and Swine straying and turned loose about the said Parish; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Overseers, and Governors and Directors of the Poor, and they are hereby required, to erect, set up, and continue One or more Parish Pound or Pounds in some convenient Place or Places in the said Parish of Greenwich; and if any Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle of any kind shall ac any Time be found wandering, straying, or lying about any of the Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or public Places of the said Parish, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor of Highways of the said Parish, or any Person or Persons whatsoever finding the same so wandering, straying, or laying about, to seize and impound every such Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle in the Pound so provided for the said Parish, and the said Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle, there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every and each Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle so impounded, pay the Sum of Five Shillings for the Use of the said Parish, to the Person in whose Charge or Custody the Key of the said Pound shall be intrusted, or who shall have been appointed Pound Keeper by the said Churchwardens and Overseers, and Governors and Directors of the Poor, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the same; and in case the said Penalties, Charges, and Expences shall not be paid within Four Days after such impounding, it shall and may be lawful for the said Pound Keeper to sell or cause to be sold every such Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle, and 7 the

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxx. 1427

the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said Penalty, and Charges and Expences of impounding, keeping, and selling every such Horse, Ass, Sheep, or Swine, or other Beast or Cattle, shall be paid to the Person whose Property the same so sold shall appear to have been.

XXVI. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by For securing Persons unknown to the Churchwardens, Overseers, Governors, and Di- transient rectors, or other Persons appointed or employed to put the same in offenders• execution; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Governors, and Directors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and to take him, her, or them before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, or such Offender or Offenders shall be seized or apprehended; and such Justice or Justices shall and is or are hereby required to proceed and act with such Offender or Offenders according to the Provisions of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, Levying ami and Fines by the before recited Acts or this Act inflicted or authorized Application to be imposed, (the Manner of levying, recovering, and applying whereof ot Pennltic"» is not hereby otherwise directed), shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent, either by the Confession of the Party offending or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is in every such Case hereby fully authorized to administer), be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the.

Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus, (if any) after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or.

Owners of such Goods ami Chattels; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so con-, victed to he detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can conve-. niently be made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his or their Appearance before such Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of such Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County,

Liberty, or Place, where the Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar

Months,

1428 4° GEORGII IV. CapAxx.

Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied, and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Governors, and Directors, and applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

Mitigation of

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it shall be Penalties. lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, by or before whom any Party or Parties shall be convicted in any of the Penalties imposed or to be imposed by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time to mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the said Penalties, in any Case where it shall appear to such Justice or Justices right and proper so to do, so that no such Penalty shall be thereby reduced in any Case to less than One-fourth Part of the Amount specified or to be specified in this Act.

XXIX. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, or against any Bye-law, Rule, Order, or Regulation to be made in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect following shall be good, without alleging more than the Substance of the Offence; (that is to say),

Form of Kent, 1 r>E it remembered, That on the Day of

Conviction. t to wit. j H) in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

* is [or are, as the Case may be~\ convicted before me, [or us,

* as the Case may be] One [or as the Case may be] of His Majesty’s

* Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, of having ['here state the 4 Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed]

contrary to an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign

* of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of 4 this Act] for which Offence, I [or, we, as the Case may be] do adjudge

* the said to have forfeited the Sum of [here state the Amount of the Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, for the Offence] according to the said Act of Parliament; [and in any Case where the Justice or Justices may see 4 cause to mitigate the Penalty, here insert] and I, or we, the said Justice,

4 or Justices, seeing cause to mitigate and lessen the said Penalty, do, according to the Provisions of the said Act of Parliament, mitigate and 4 lessen the same to the Sum of ] which said Sum of

4 [here name the Amount of the Penalty pr mitigated Penalty, as the Case 4 may be] is to be distributed and applied in manner following; that is to 4 say, [here set forth how the Penalty is to be distributed] according to the 4 Provisions of the said Act of Parliament. Given under my Hand and 4 Seal [or, our Hands and Seals, as the Case may be] the Day and Year 4 first above written.*

Persons paying Rates, &c. may be Witnesses.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Person whomsoever shall be disqualified from being a competent Witness and being admitted to give Evidence, in any Informations, Prosecutions, Appeals, Causes, or Proceedings whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, by reason of his paying or being charged with or liable to pay any of the Rates or Assessments hereby authorized to be made, or any other Rate or Assessment within the said Town and Parish; or by reason of his being an Inhabitant

1429

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxx.

habitant of the said Town and Parish, or being one of the Churchwardens, Overseers, Governors, and Directors as aforesaid, or holding any Office under them.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect of Form in any Proceeding relating thereto; nor a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any subsequent Irregularity in the prosecuting of such Distress; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover Satisfaction for special Damages in an Action upon the Case.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Rate, Assessment, Judgment, Conviction, or other Proceeding, touching or Concerning any Offence against this Act, or against any such Bye-Law as aforesaid, or any other of the Matters aforesaid, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Governors, and Directors, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, for any thing done or to be done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, unless a Notice in Writing shall be given Thirty Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before the commencing of such Action; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments shall be had, made, and given in and by the Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, or any other Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall apply for Relief to the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Governors, and Directors, at any public Meeting to be held within One Calendar Month next after Demand made of such Rate or Rates, or next after any such Matter or Thing done and committed by or by Order of them, or any of them j and such Churchwardens, Overseers, Governors, and Directors are hereby authorized and empowered (if they shall think such Person or Persons aggrieved) to give

Distress not to be avoided for want of Form.

Proceedings not to be quashed nor removed by Certiorari.

Tender of Amends.

Appeal.

1430

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixx.

such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem necessary; and if such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall not be satisfied with the Determination of such Churchwardens, Overseers, Governors, and Directors, he or she shall be obliged to pay such Rate or Rates, if the Complaint shall relate to Rates, and shall or may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next or following General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Western Division of the said County of Kent, after such Determination shall have been made, or such Cause of Appeal shall have arisen; such Appellant giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days Notice at least in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk- or Clerks to the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Governors, and Directors, and within Four Days next after such Notice entering or causing a Recognizance to be entered into before some Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Kent, with Two sufficient Persons or Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order thereon, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by such Justices at such General Sessions; and such Justices, upon due Proof of Notice being given as aforesaid, and of entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the Causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall or may mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of any such Determination, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices at their said General Sessions shall be binding anc} conclusive.

Limitation

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be of Actions, commenced or prosecuted against the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Governors, and Directors, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, for any thing done or to be done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and all such Actions and Suits shall be laid and tried in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if upon such Trial the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Thirty Days Notice thereof shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or if the same shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; then and in any of the said Cases, the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict being given, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such and the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for recovering Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

6

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxx.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

1431

lie Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for regulating the Police of the Barony of Gorbals in the County of Lanark; paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets; erecting a Bridewell; and other Purposes relating thereto.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the Police of the Barony of 48G.3. c. 42. Gorbals in the County of Lanark; paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and Passages thereof; erecting a Bridewell or Workhouse therein; and for other Purposes relating thereto: And whereas the Provisions of the said Act, which have been carried into Execution, have produced the most beneficial Consequences to the said Barony and Inhabitants thereof: And whereas those Parts of the said Act which relate to the Division of the said Barony into Wards, the Appointment of Commissioners and Office Bearers, and the laying oi^ and levying of Assessment, are now nearly expiring: And whereas it is of great Importance, and will promote the Security, Comfort, and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Barony, that the said recited Act should be repealed, and further, better, and more effectual Powers granted instead thereof; but as the Purposes aforesaid cannot be accomplished without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

[Loot/.] 16 0 by

1434

Recited Act repealed;

Ronds, &c. entered into by Commissioners unde 48 G. 3. C. 42 to remain in full force.

Rarony divided into Wards.

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxxi.

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act shall be and tile same is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, and Securities made or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with any of the Commissioners for executing the said recited Act, and the Rates and Assessments made in pursuance thereof, according to the Provisions and Directions of the said Act, and all Arrears of such Rates and Assessments now due and payable, shall remain in full force and effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity until the same are fully satisfied, paid, and performed, and all Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, and Securities duly made or entered into by the Commissioners for executing the said Act hereby repealed, to or With any Person or Persons, shall remain in full force and effect, and shall be binding on the Commissioners for executing this Act and the said recited Act, and be observed and kept by them according to the Terms and Stipulations and Tenor thereof respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That in order to facilitate and assist the Execution thereof, the said Barony shall be divided into separate Districts and Wards, and Commissioners thereof appointed in manner herein-after mentioned; and the said Barony is hereby accordingly divided into the following Districts and Wards; (that is to say).

District First:—ITulchinsonto'am, with the contiguous Lands, comprehending Four Wards; videlicet.

The First WardBounded by the Blindburn, (the Boundary of the said Barony) upon the East, by Crown Street on the West, by the River Clyde on the North Parts, and extending Southwards, in the Direction of the said Blindburn, and on a Line with the East Side of Crown Street aforesaid, to the Boundary of the said Barony, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Second Ward Bounded by Crown Street upon the East, by Thistle Street upon the West, by the River Clyde upon the North Parts, and extending Southwards in a Line with Crown Street and Thistle Street aforesaid, to the Boundary of the Barony, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Third Ward :—Bounded by Thistle Street on the East, by Hospital Street on the West, by the River Clyde on the North, and extending Southwards on a Line with the East Side of Thistle Street and West Side of Hospital Street, to the Boundary of the Barony,-and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings: The Fourth Ward :—Bounded by Hospital Street upon the East, by the Boundary of the Parish of Gorbals proper on the West, by the River Clyde on the North, and by Rutherglen Loan on the South Parts, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

V! n District

1435

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

District Second :—The Parish of Gorbals proper, with the contiguous Lands, comprehending Four Wards; videlicet.

The Fifth Ward :—Bounded by the Fourth Ward of Hutchinsontoism last above described on the East, by the main Street on the West, by the River Clyde on the North, and by Rutherglen Loan on the South Parts, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Sixth Ward:—Bounded by the Continuation of Hospital Street aforesaid on the East, by the main Street and its Continuatiort Southwards on the West, by Rutherglen Loan on the North, and by the Boundary of the Barony on the South Parts, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Seventh Ward:—Bounded by the main Street on the East, by the Boundary of the Parish of Gorbals proper, towards Lauriestoun, on the West, by the River Clyde on the North, and by Paisley Loan on the South Parts, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Eighth Ward:—Bounded by the main Street upon the East, by the Continuation of Nicolson Street, in Lauriestoun, called Warwick Street, on the West, by Paisley Loan and Norfolk Street on the North, and by Bedford Street and Bedford I.ane on the South, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

District Third:—Lauriestoun and the contiguous Lands, comprehending Four Wards; videlicet.

The Ninth Ward:—Bounded by the Parish of Gorbals proper on the East, by Portland Street on the West, by the River Clyde on the North, and by Norfolk Street on the South Parts, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Tenth Ward:—Bounded by Warwick Street Southwards to Bedford Street on the East, and from thence by Bedford Street and Lane on the North, then by the Pollokshaws Road on the East and South-east, by Portland Street on the West, by Norfolk Street on the North, and extending Southwards in a direct Line with the East Side of Portland Street till it runs out in the Pollokshaws Road, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Eleventh Ward :—Bounded by Portland Street on the East, by Bridge Street on the West, by the River Clyde on the North, and by Norfolk Street on the South Parts, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Twelfth Ward:—Bounded by Portland Street on the East, by Eglinton Street on the West, by the River Clyde on the North, and running out Southwards in a straight Line with the East Side of Portland Street, and with the Middle of Eglinton Street, into the Pollokshaws Hoad, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

District Fourth:—Tradestoun, with the contiguous Lands, comprehending Four Wards; videlicet,

The Thirteenth Ward:—Bounded by Bridge Street and Eglinton Street aforesaid on the East, by Commerce Street on the West, by the River Clyde on the North, and extending Southwards in a

Line

1436

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxxi.

Line with Eglinton Street and Commerce Street to the Boundary of the Barony on the South, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Fourteenth Ward:—Bounded by Commerce Street aforesaid on the East, by Centre Street and Pitt Street on the West, by the River Clyde on the North, and extending Southwards in a Line with Commerce Street and Pitt Street to the Boundary of the Barony, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Fifteenth WardBounded by Centre Street and Pitt Street aforesaid on the East, by Dale Street on the West, by the River Clyde on the North, and extending Southwards in a Line with Pitt Street and Dale Street to the Boundary of the Barony, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Sixteenth Ward :—Bounded by Dale Street aforesaid on the East, by West Street on the Wrest, by the River Clyde on the North, and extending Southwards in a straight Line with Dale Street and West Street to the Boundary of the Barony, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

District Fifth :—Kingstoun and the contiguous Lands, consisting of One Ward:

The Seventeenth Ward :—Bounded by West Street on the East, the River Clyde on the North, and extending on the West and South to the Kinninghouse Burn, being the Boundary of the Barony, and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings.

Commission-

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be ers may alter lawful to and in the Power of the Commissioners appointed in ar s* manner herein-after mentioned, to alter, vary, add to, or diminish the said Wards, or any of them, in such Manner as the State of the Population thereof, or other Circumstances, shall to the said Commissioners appear from Time to Time to require; and in the Event of any Addition being made to the Number of Wards, by Subdivision thereof or otherwise, Commissioners shall be elected and chosen in and for such additional Wards, in Manner and for the Purposes herein-after mentioned : Provided always, that any Alteration,

Variation, Addition, or Diminution of any of the said Wards, shall be first advertized by printed Notices thereof throughout the Barony.

Resident V. And be it further enacted, That there shall be One Resident Commission- Commissioner for each of the said Wrards, residing within his respect-er* t0Jje ap" *ve Warcl> who shall be qualified, named, and elected and chosen in pom e . manner after mentioned, and who shall have Power to take Lists of Persons residing within his own respective Ward; and such Commissioners are hereby invested with the whole Powers known in the Law of Scotland to belong to the Office of Constable : Provided always, that in the Event of any of the said Commissioners removing at any Term of Whitsunday from the Ward to which he was elected, he shall nevertheless continue as Commissioner for that Ward, until the general EJection in the Month of August thereafter.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.; 1437

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners who Commis-are not continued in Office, as herein-after provided, shall be elected

on the Second Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and thereafter on the Second Monday of August annually, by a Majority of Votes of all the Occupiers of Dwelling Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and other Buildings within the said respective Wards, valued in manner after mentioned, at Five Pounds Sterling or upwards of yearly Rent, out of the Householders within, the Districts or Wards respectively, whose Dwelling Houses (exclusive of those Parts occupied as Shops or Warehouses) are valued in manner aforesaid, according to the following Rental; (that is to say), in Wards where there are Thirty Householders whose Dwelling Houses (exclusive of those Parts occupied as Shops or Warehouses) are valued in manner aforesaid at Fifteen Pounds Sterling and upwards of yearly Rent, the Commissioners for such Wards shall be chosen from the Householders of the above Description, and no Person or Persons in such Wards, whose yearly Rent, so valued, does not amount to the said Sum, shall be eligible to the said Office; in Wards where there are not Thirty Householders so qualified, the Commissioners thereof may he elected out of the Number of those whose Dwelling Houses are valued in manner aforesaid, at Ten Pounds Sterling or upwards of yearly Rent: Provided always, that where Dwelling Houses and Shops or Warehouses are contiguous, and are possessed by the same Person, One Half of the aggregate Rent of the whole Possession shall be accounted House Rent, and the other Shop Rent; and provided also, that no Person holding any official Situation under the said Commissioners shall be eligible to the Office of Commissioner under this Act; and that no Person above the Age of Seventy Years shall be compelled to act as a Commissioner under this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Votes for Commissioners Manner of shall be given in each Ward separately, by written Notes or Tickets, voting for subscribed by the Voters, specifying their Names, Designations, and Commis-Qualifications, the Names of the Streets in which they reside, and a,0"era'

(if any) the Numbers of their Houses, and containing the Names

and Designations of the Persons voted for, put into Boxes to be prepared for the Purpose on the Day appointed for the Election; which Boxes the said Commissioners herein-after-appointed and continued in Office shall and they are hereby authorized and required to prepare, in such Form as to them shall seem expedient, and to put up One Box in a proper Place within each Ward, Eight Days previous Notice of the Day of Election, and of the respective Places where the said Boxes are put up, being always given to the said Inhabitants by an Advertisement in any One or more of the Glasgow Newspapers, and by a written Notice affixed to the Door of the Court House of the said Barony, and by Tuck of Drum through the principal Streets of the said several Wards, or by Advertisement in the Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and by a printed Advertisement affixed on some conspicuous Place in each Ward, in order that all concerned may have Access to put their Votes or Tickets in the Boxes, which shall remain open between the Hours of Ten in [Toco/.] 16 P the

1438 4° GEORGII IV. Cajw.lxxi.

the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon of the Day of Election, at which last Hour the Election shall close, and the Boxes be removed and opened, the Votes scrutinized, and the Commissioners declared by the Board of Commissioners for the Time being; and in case of an Equality of Votes for any Commissioner or Commissioners, the Preses of the Meetings for the Time shall determine the Preference by casting Lots: Provided always, that no Person shall have more than One Vote, or shall vote in more than One Ward or District, at any Election of Commissioners for the said Barony.

Commis-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Bioners to Wards respectively shall and they are hereby authorized and required Electors'13 " to ma^e or cause to be made exact Lists of the Persons in their respective Wards qualified to elect or be elected Commissioners; which Lists shall be entered in Books kept for the Purpose, and shall be open and patent for the Persons interested, at reasonable Times; and the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time alter and amend the said Lists, when necessary.

Penalty on

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Per-unqualified sons, not qualified to vote in manner aforesaid, shall vote or' attempt Voters. to vote at the said Elections, or shall offer false Votes, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for eaeh Offence; which Forfeitures shall be levied and applied in manner herein-after directed.

Persons vot- X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person, ing for Com- after having given his or her Vote as qualified to vote for the Election imsaionirs of a Commissioner of Police under this Act, shall thereafter be entitled toEx-* to Exemption from any of the Rates and Duties imposed

emption from by this Act, unless it shall be made to appear, to the Satisfaction of a Rates, &c. Majority of the said Commissioners, at a Meeting specially called for the Purpose, that the Reason for his or her Exemption has arisen after the so voting for a Commissioner.

Penalty on

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Com-Comims- missioners, named and elected in manner herein directed, shall refuse sioners re- or neglect to accept the Office, on being required so to do by the using to act. sai(j Commissioners, they shall forfeit a Sum equal to double their Assessment for the Purposes of this Act for the Year in which they so refuse; such Forfeiture to be levied in manner herein-after directed, and applied solely for the Purposes of this Act; and in the Event of such Refusal or Neglect, or if any of the said Commissioners so named or elected shall die, or shall cease to reside within the Wards or Districts for which they are elected, their Places, which have thereby become vacant, shall be supplied by those qualified in manner aforesaid, and elected in manner after mentioned : Provided always, that the said Forfeiture shall not be incurred by the Refusal or Neglect of any Persons to accept who have previously held Office as Commissioners; and that Persons who have incurred such Forfeiture shall not be liable to be compelled to accept of the Office of Commissioner for Seven Years thereafter.

10

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxxi-

XII. And be it further enacted, That when the Place of any of the said Commissioners shall become vacant, the remaining Commissioners shall, within Fourteen Days thereafter, give Notice thereof to the Inhabitants of the vacant Ward or Wards, and of the Time appointed by them for the Election of another Commissioner to supply such Vacancy; which Election shall be made in manner aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after such Notice.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise relating to Qualification of the Electors, or of the Persons elected, the same shall be determined by the Board of Commissioners for the Time being, or a Majority of those present, whose Determination shall be final and binding on all Parties concerned.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Electors of any Ward shall refuse or neglect to elect Commissioners for the same in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the Commissioners who shall have accepted their Offices, to nominate and appoint Commissioners, qualified as aforesaid, for the Wards in which Elections shall not have been made, and the Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the same Powers, and shall remain the same Time in Office as if they had been elected by the Occupiers of Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and other Buildings within their respective Wards in manner herein-before directed.

XV. And whereas it is necessary that the said Commissioners should remain in Office for such Period as to enable them to acquire Experience and Knowledge of the Business hereby entrusted to them; be it therefore further enacted, That the Commissioners who were chosen and appointed under the said recited Act, and who are at present acting in that Capacity, shall be continued as Commissioners till the Second Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, when Four of the Resident Commissioners, as being disqualified by Seniority, in the manner directed by the said Act, shall go out of Office, and the Division before mentioned shall come into Operation; and for such Wards as are thus vacated, and such Wards as are now for the first Time formed, amounting in the whole to Nine, Commissioners qualified and elected as aforesaid shall be chosen; and that on the Second Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four. Five of the senior Commissioners shall be disqualified and go out of Office, and Five other Commisioners, qualified and elected as aforesaid, shall be chosen to supply their Places; and that on the Second Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, Six of the senior Commissioners shall be disqualified and go out of Office as aforesaid, and Six other Commissioners, qualified and elected as aforesaid, shall be chosen to supply their Places; and that on the Second Monday of August annually thereafter, Five or Six of the senior Commissioners, as the Case may be, in Terms of the aforesaid Provision, shall be disqualified and go out of Office by Rotation, and Five or Six other Commissioners, qualified and elected in manner aforesaid, shall be chosen to supply their Places, so that there may be an Election of

Five

1439

Vacancies how to be supplied.

Disputeshow to be settled.

How Commissioners are to be appointed, when Elections not

Commissioners to go out of Office by Rotation.

1440

4° GEORGII IV. Crt/J.lxxi.

Five Commissioners One Year in Three Years, and of Six Commissioners in each of the Two remaining Years, except for supplying Commis- Vacancies as before provided: Provided always, that Persons dis-

sioners may qualified in manner aforesaid may be immediately re-elected into

be re-elected. Qjgce> ;n Option of their Constituents, in which Case they shall come in as the youngest Commissioners, and shall be enrolled accordingly; but in the Event of any Commissioner being re-elected and refusing to act for a Second Time, he shall not be liable in the Penalty before mentioned.

Baillies to be

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Baillie and Commis- t],e Resident Baillies of the said Barony for the Time being shall be

sioners. 0jpciis always Commissioners without being elected as aforesaid.

Four Resi-

XVII. And whereas the public and judicial Business of the said dent Baillies Barony has greatly increased since the before recited Act was passed, how to be an(j js stj|[ jjgreaging^ and it is therefore expedient that the Number appoin e ' of Resident Baillies should be increased; be it further enacted, That for the future there shall be Four Resident Baillies in the said Barony of Gorbals, appointed annually in the Month of October, by the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of Glasgow, as Baron and Superior thereof: Provided always, that only Two of such Baillies shall have the Right of voting in the Parochial Matters of the old Village of Gorbals.

Superior may X

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Lord continueTwo Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of Glasgow, as Baron and Bmlhes iu Superior of the said Barony, may, if they think propel’, continue ce' Two of the said Resident Baillies in office for a Second Year.

Penalty for

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of any Person

refusing to or Persons, who shall be elected to the Office of Baillie of the said

act as Baillie. Rarony refusing to act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, in the Name of a Fine, to be applied to

the Purposes of this Act, and to be levied and recovered in manner

herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that when any Person so refuses to act, it shall be in the Power of the said Baron and Superior to choose another Baillie for that Year, out of and from among the Inhabitants resident in the said Barony, as to them shall seem proper; and provided also, that any Person so elected and refusing to act, who has either served in the said Office one Year at least, or paid the Fine before mentioned, shall not be obliged to pay the said Fine a Second Time, in the Event of his being again elected and refusing to act.

Quorum of

XX. And be it further enacted, That any Six of the said Commis-Commissioners shall be a Quorum for transacting ordinary Business; but no sioners. Assessment shall be made or imposed, nor the Master of Police, Collector, or Clerk appointed, nor their Salaries fixed by virtue of this Act, except at Meetings where a Majority of the Commissioners who have accepted of their Offices arc present: Provided always, that all the Commissioners shall be summoned to attend every Meeting of the said Commissioners, by written or printed Notices delivered to them personally, or left at their Dwelling Places Twenty-four Hours

previous

1441

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

previous to such Meeting; and that the Principal Baillie, or any of the other Baillies present, or, in his or their Absence, the oldest Commissioner in office present, shall preside at all the Meetings of the said Commissioners; and such Preses shall have both a deliberative and a casting Vote in all Matters and Questions which shall come before them.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That Four Meetings of the said Commissioners, for the said Barony, shall be held annually on the Second Monday in the Months of August, November, February and May, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, for putting this Act into Execution; the said Meetings of the Commissioners to be held in the Court House of Gorbals, or in such other Place within the said Barony as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners; the First of the said Quarterly Meetings to be held on the Second Monday of November after the passing of this Act; and that the said Baillies shall cause the whole of the said Commissioners resident at the Time in the said Barony, to be summoned to attend the said Quarterly Meetings in manner before mentioned. Twenty-four Hours at least previous to the Time of meeting.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or a Majority of those present at any of the said Quarterly Meetings, or other Meetings held in virtue of this Act, may adjourn to the same or any other Place within the said Barony, which they may think necessary or proper for executing the Powers vested in them by this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Principal Baillie. or any One of the said Baillies, or in his or their Absence, the Commissioner who may have presided at the last Meeting of the Commissioners for the said Barony, shall, when required so to do, by a Writing under the Hand of any Three of the said Commissioners, appoint a Special Meeting of the said Commissioners, to be held within Forty-eight Hours after such Requisition, and shall cause all the Commissioners to be summoned to such Meeting in manner aforesaid; and it shall be in the Power of the said Baillies, or in their Absence, the oldest Commissioner present at any Meeting as aforesaid, to appoint other Meetings of the said Commissioners, to be held at such Places and Times, and within the said Barony, as may to them seem necessary for the above Purposes, the whole Commissioners being always summoned to attend the same Twenty-four Hours previous to such Meetings.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized and required, at a general Meeting to be held upon the Second Monday of July annually, during the Continuance of this Act, beginning upon the Second Monday of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, to fix, ascertain, and impose the following Rates and Assessments, to be raised and levied from the Occupiers, whether Owners or Tenants, of all Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, Cotton and other Works, Manufactories, and Buildings, within the said Barony; that is to say,

£Z,ocff/.j 16 Q on

Quarterly Meetings to be held.

Meetings may be adjourned.

Special Meetings may be called.

Fund to be raised by Assessment.

1442

Weavers Shops how to be assessed.

Exemptions from Assessment*

Surveyors to ascertain

Kents.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

on the yearly Rent of all such Subjects rented or valued at Three Pounds and under Four Pounds yearly, an annual Assessment not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound Sterling; on the yearly Rent of the said Subjects rented or valued at Four Pounds and under Six Pounds yearly, an annual Assessment not exceeding Eight-pence in the Pound Sterling; on the yearly Rent of the said Subjects rented or valued at Six Pounds and under Nine Pounds yearly, an annual Assessment not exceeding Ten-pence in the Pound Sterling; and on the yearly Rent of the said Subjects rented or valued at Nine Pounds and upwards, an annual Assessment not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound Sterling; and so in Proportion, according as the said Shops, Houses, and other Buildings, shall be rated and assessed in the Rent Roll and Valuation to be made annually by a Surveyor to be appointed by the said Commissioners; which annual Assessment shall be calculated for the current Year, from Whitsunday to Whitsunday annually, upon the aggregate Rent of each Person’s Possession, and shall be payable at the Time and in the Proportions to be appointed by the said Commissioners.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have Power, and are hereby authorized and required, at the general Meeting aforesaid, to impose the following Rates and Assessments to be levied from Weavers Shops within the said Barony; that is to say, Sixpence for each Loomstead, where One or Two Loom-steads only are taken by or in the Occupation of an Individual, and the Rates and Assessments in the preceding Clause where Three or more Loomsteads are taken by one Individual; which Assessment shall be calculated and payable as before specified: Provided always, that the said Assessment shall not be levied from such Proprietors or Inhabitants of the said Barony as do not receive the Benefits of watching and lighting; and that the said Commissioners shall not be obliged to extend those Benefits to those Parts of the Barony where the said Assessment is not levied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners at their first or any subsequent Meeting for putting this Act in Execution, shall appoint a proper Person or Persons for ascertaining the free Rent of all such Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, Cotton and other Works, if occupied by Tenants, and the Rents at which the same are worth to be let by the Year if occupied by Proprietors or Life Renters, with power to such Person or Persons to enter upon and survey all such Houses, Shops, and other Buildings; the Survey to be made previous to the First Day of August yearly; and the Person or Persons so to be appointed, after making the same, shall leave for every Occupier at his or her Dwelling House, or on the Premises surveyed, a Notice of the Rent for which such Occupier is to be rated; and immediately after such Survey shall be completed, the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall deposit with the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, a distinct Rent-roll or Return of the said Rents for the several Wards herein-before mentioned, agreeable to the Survey so made; and in case any Occupier shall think himself or herself overcharged in the said Rent-roll or Return, it shall be lawful for such Occupier within Six Days after the said Notice shall have been left at his or her

9 Dwelling

1443

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

Dwelling Place, or on the Premises surveyed, to give Notice in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners of the Overcharge complained of; and the said Commissioners shall meet annually within the said Court House of Gorbals, or other Place to be by them appointed, upon the Second Monday in the Month of September, or as soon after as conveniently may be after making the said Survey, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, with power to adjourn from Time to Time, for the Purpose of hearing the Parties; and in case the said Commissioners, or a Majority of them, shall, at any of the said Meetings, think the Rent of an Occupier so given in by the Surveyor or Surveyors too low, they shall and may give similar Notice to such Occupier, and shall at a subsequent Meeting finally determine the Amount thereof; and similar Surveys shall be made, and Meetings held, for correcting the Rent-roll in every Year during the Continuance of this Act: Provided always, that the Surveys so to be made shall include all Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, Cotton or other Works actually inhabited, or in which any Furniture or Goods are deposited at the Time: And that a Second Survey shall be made in manner aforesaid in the Month of December or January annually, of such Houses or other Premises as were uninhabited, or in which no Furniture or Goods were deposited at the Time of the First Survey; and if any such Houses or other Premises shall be inhabited, or have any Goods or Furniture therein at the Time of such Second Survey, the Rents thereof shall be added to the said Rent-roll or Return, and assessed for Half of the yearly Rate; which Half-yearly Assessments shall be paid in like manner as the other Assessments herein-before mentioned, and, in case of Failure, recovered in manner herein-after directed.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Houses or Parts of Houses, and other Buildings herein-before mentioned (except Weavers Shops) occupied by any one Person, and rated under the yearly Rent of Three Pounds Sterling, and all Persons receiving Charity from the Parish Funds, Poors Funds of any Parish, or any other public Charity, shall be, and they are hereby exempted from the Payment of any Assessment to be imposed and levied by virtue of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all travelling Merchants, Auctioneers, Hawkers, Pedlars, and others, who shall take up a temporary Residence within the Limits over which this Act extends, for the Purpose of disposing of Merchandize, Goods, and other Effects, and who, in Prosecution of such Business, shall occupy Shops, Warehouses, or other Places, for disposing of the said Goods, within the Limits of this Act, and all Persons who are temporary Occupiers of Houses or other Premises within the Barony, shall pay the Assessments before mentioned, corresponding to the Premises occupied by them, in manner following; that is to say, if they shall occupy a Shop, Warehouse, Dwelling House, or other Place, for any Period less than Six Months, then such Shop, Warehouse, Dwelling House, or other Place, shall be liable to and chargeable with One Half of the annual Assessment corresponding to such Provision; and if they shall occupy the same for Six Months, or any longer Period, then such Shop, Warehouse,

Houses under 3/. of yearly Rent, and

empted from Assessment.

Travelling Merchants, Auctioneers, &c. to pay Assessment.

1444 4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

house, Dwelling House, or other Place, shall be liable to and chargeable with the whole annual Assessment corresponding to such Possession, whether occupied for a whole Year or not.

Proprietors,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Proprietors, Lessees, fcc. as well as and others, who shall let, for Rent or Hire, Premises within the said Occupiers Barony, to travelling Merchants, Auctioneers, Hawkers, Pedlars, or for^Assess- others, for a Space less than Three Months, shall themselves, as well merits. as the Occupiers aforesaid, be responsible for the Police Assessments applicable to the said temporary Occupations; and such Assessments maybe recovered from the said Proprietors, Lessees and others, or from the said Occupiers, as the said Board of Commissioners shall judge expedient.

Proprietors

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Houses and other and Life Buildings occupied by Proprietors or Life Renters, shall be rated and onintfMl able assessed for the Duties hereby imposed upon such yearly Rent or Houses, &c. Value as the same shall be rated and estimated by the Surveyor or occupied by Surveyors before mentioned, and approved of by the said Commis-themselres. sioners, according to the best of their Judgment; and such Pioprie-tors and Life Renters shall only be liable in Payment of the said Assessments for Houses and Buildings occupied by themselves and their domestic Servants, but not for those occupied by their Tenants, from whom only the said Assessments for their respective Possessions shall be levied and recovered by virtue of this Act, except where the Possession is let for a less Period than Three Months; and all such Proprietors and Life Renters shall only be entitled to vote for or be elected Commissioners under this Act, according to the estimated Rents of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, or other Buildings, actually occupied by themselves, without regard to the Rent of any other Houses belonging to them, in Possession of their Tenants.

Proviso as to

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Vintner Innkeepers. or Keeper of any Inn, Tavern, or Coffee House, shall be assessed in a higher Sum, under the Authority of this Act, than Ten Pounds Sterling yearly, for the House, Tenements, and Pertinents thereof, possessed by him or her in the way of his or her Business, whatever the Rent thereof may be; and that no Assessment shall be made for Gardens or Arable Ground, situated in the said Barony, or for empty or waste Houses.

Assessments

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to, and niay be in the Power of a Majority of the said Commissioners, at any Meeting.

a atec ‘ specially called for that Purpose, to give such Abatement or Relief

from any Assessment to be made under the Authority of this Act, as the Circumstances of any Person or Persons applying for the same may to them seem to require, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty on

XXXIII. And whereas Persons claiming Abatement of Assess-. Persons^ ments have frequently produced Certificates or Receipts of Rent feceiviiig °r signed by their Landlords, which were suspected and believed to con-false Certifi- tain a less Sum of Rent than that really paid or exigible, by which the

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.\xxi.

the Funds of the Police Establishment have been defrauded; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Landlord, Proprietor, Factor, or Agent, who shall grant a Certificate or Receipt which contains a Sum less than the Rent really paid or payable for the Premises therein mentioned or referred to, and every Tenant or Occupier who presents to the Board of Police such a Certificate or Receipt, in order to procure an Abatement of Assessment, shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, which shall be prosecuted for, levied, and applied in manner herein-after directed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from the aforesaid Assessments shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the said Barony, and all such Monies shall be applied, laid out, and expended, in the first Place, in paying the Expences to be incurred in passing of this Act, and then in defraying the Expence of the aforesaid Establishment, of Master of Police, Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, and other Officers, and for the other Purposes of this Act, and to no other Purpose whatever; and in case any Surplus Money shall remain after executing the Purposes aforesaid, upon settling the Account thereof at the End of each Year, the same shall be applied towards the same Purpose for the Year following, so that the aforesaid Assessment shall be thereby proportionably reduced.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Particulars of all the Tenements subject to Payment of the said Assessment shall not be contained in any of the said Rent Rolls, it shall be lawful for, and in the Power of the said Commissioners, to ascertain the yearly Rent or Value of these Tenements; and if any Person or Persons rated and assessed as in manner herein directed shall refuse or neglect to pay the Rates or Assessments charged upon him, her, or them, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Rates or Assessments shall be due and demanded, and Notice given by general Advertisements once in any Two of the Glasgow Newspapers, and by Tuck of Drum through the said Barony, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Collector or Collectors to be appointed by the said Commissioners to apply to any one of the said Baillies, for a Warrant to any of their Officers, to enter his or her or their House or Houses, and to seize and take Possession of his, her, or their Goods and Effects, and which Warrant the said Baillie is hereby authorized to grant, upon a Certificate signed by the Collector or Collectors of such Demand having been made, of such Notice having been given, and of such Person or Persons being in Arrear to the Amount stated in such Certificate; and if such Rates or Assessments shall not be paid within Three Days next after such Seizure is made, together with the Costs or Charges thereby incurred, then the Collector or Collectors is and are hereby authorized to sell by Public Roup, at such Place as may be proper, such Parts of the said Goods and Effects as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rates and Assessments, with the Costs and Charges attending such Seizure and Sale, returning the Surplus (if any be) to the Owner or

[Lora/.] UiR Owners,

1445

cates or-Receipts of Rent.

Assessments vested in Commissioners.

Recovery of Rates.

1446

4" GEORGII IV. Cup. lxxi.

Owners, the Cost or Charges to be ascertained by the Baillie who shall issue the said Warrant.

Power to as-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners sess and levy. shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and required, at their Meeting to be held upon the Second. Monday oijuly annually, to ascertain and lay on the Assessment to be levied from the Renters or Occupiers and Possessors of the Houses, Cellars, Shops, Warehouses, and other Buildings, before described; and also to ascertain the Sums of Money to be expended for the Purposes of this Act, for the then current Year; and that it shall not be lawful for, nor in the Power of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons acting under their Authority, to levy or expend any Monies by virtue of this Act, unless the same shall have been previously assessed and laid on, and the Expenditure thereof voted by the said Commissioners; and that the said Baillies and Commissioners shall be subject to and liable in Payment of the said Assessments for the Houses, Cellars, Shops, Warehouses, and other Buildings rented and possessed by them; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Questions to

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Question be decided or Dispute shall arise relative to the Houses, Buildings, Cellars,

by Baillies. Shops, and Warehouses which are claimed to be exempted from the aforesaid Assessment, or relative to the Amount of the Assessments, or the Valuation of the said Subjects, and the Expence of cleansing the Foot Pavements and Closes in the said Barony, the same shall be determined by Decrees to be given under the Hands of the said Baillies, of any one of them.

Power to up-

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be point Master lawful for the said Commissioners, or a Majority of them, and they of Police, &c are hereby empowered to appoint a Master of Police, Collector, and Clerk, during their Pleasure, to act under the Authority and Orders of the said Baillies, or any one of them, for executing the Matters committed to them by this Act, and for regulating the Police, and for preserving Peace and good Order in the said Barony.

Commit*

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be sinners to up- lawful for the said Commissioners, dr a Quorum of them, and they are point Watch- hereby authorized and required to appoint such a Number of Serjeants, Patrol Men, Watchmen, and other inferior Servants, as they shall judge necessary for guarding, patrolling, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages of the said Barony and Bridges thereto, in such Manner, arid under such Rules and Regulations as to the said Commissioners shall appear proper and expedient.

Power to give

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for

Salartes to the said Commissioners, or the Majority of them, and they are hereby . aster, c. authorized and empowered, to order suitable Salaries or Allowances to be made to the said Master of Police, Clerk, and Collector, and for a Quorum of tile said Commissioners to order suitable Wages or Allowances to Serjeants, Patrol Men, Watchmen, and other inferior 6 Servants,

1447

4° GEORGII IV. Cfljo.lxxi.

Servants, and to pay the necessary Expences incurred by them in the Execution of the Duties of their respective Offices, and the necessary Charges and Expences of the aforesaid Establishment, from Assessment and other Funds hereby appointed to be levied, and from no other Fund whatever.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Duty of the said Master of Police, Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, and other Officers, shall be and they are hereby authorized to aid and assist the Baillies of the said Barony in apprehending, detecting, and bringing to Justice Persons guilty of Street Robberies, Housebreaking, Assaults, Reset ot Theft, Shoplifting, picking Pockets, Gambling, and other Crimes, by causing the Parties accused to be apprehended and imprisoned upon legal Warrants, and proceeded against in Terms of Law; in apprehending and putting the Law into Execution against Vagabonds, Vagrants, public and sturdy Beggars, and other idle and disorderly Persons who follow no lawful Employment or Occupation; in suppressing disorderly Public Houses, and other Houses frequented by Persons of the aforesaid Description; in suppressing Mobs and Riots; in assisting to extinguish Fire; in putting the Laws into Execution by which Owners and Drivers of Carts and other Carriages are prohibited from leaving the same on the Streets, Roads, and Passages, or riding on their Carts, or driving Carriages, or Horses, or Cattle furiously or improperly, so as to endanger His Majesty's liege Subjects, or cruelly treating Horses or Cattle, or leaving Wheel or Hand Barrows, or any other Vehicles in or upon which Goods or Provisions are carried, upon the Streets or Pavements, or in the Closes or Passages, after Day-light; in seeing that the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages, and other Places are properly lighted and cleaned; guarding, patrolling, and watching the Streets; and in general in aiding and assisting the Baillies in all Matters relative to regulating the Police, and preserving good Order and Tranquillity in the said Barony, and upon the Bridges leading thereto from the City of Glasgow, and in carrying the different Purposes of this Act into Execution.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to prevent the said Baillies, or any Three of them, from punishing or dismissing the Superintendent or Master of Police, or any of the Officers, Patrol Men, Watchmen, or Servants appointed by virtue of this Act, under the Charge of the Master of Police, when the said Baillies, or any Three of them, shall find Cause and see it proper so to do; and that no Person so dismissed shall be reinstated without the Consent and Approbation of the whole of the said Baillies for the Time being.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Baillies shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized to constitute the Master of Police and other Officers, to be named by the Commissioners as aforesaid, Special Constables for the Purpose of attending the said Baillies, and executing the Sentences or Warrants to be issued by them by virtue of this Act, and with all the Powers competent to Constables by the Law of Scotland.

Duty of Master of Police, &c.

Baillies may punish Officers, &c.

Baillies may constitute Officers of Police Special Constables.

1448

Penalty for obstructing Officers.

And for enticing them from their Duty.

Power to appoint Collector, Clerk, &c.

Clerk and Treasurer to be different Persons.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time obstruct or molest any Officer, Watchman, or other Person who shall be employed in the Execution of his or their Duty under this Act, every Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling; and if any Person or Persons shall assault or strike any such Officer, Watchman, or other Person employed, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof by his, her, or their Confession, or by legal Evidence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be levied and recovered in manner herein-after directed.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall entice or incite from his Duty any of the said Watchmen or other Servants of the Police, or shall entertain, or permit or suffer to be entertained, in his or her House, any such Watchman or other Servant of the Police during their Hours of Duty, every Person so offending, and upon being convicted thereof by his or her own Confession, or by legal Evidence, before any One or more of the said Baillies, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling; One Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or a Majority of them, shall have Power to appoint a Collector or Collectors, Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or any other Officer or Officers, for levying, receiving, and paying away the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and for keeping their Books and Records, and for other Purposes aforesaid, and to rent, hire, build, or purchase a sufficient Office for holding their Meetings, and transacting their Business; and also to appoint suitable Salaries to the said Collectors, Treasurers, or Clerks, and to agree for and pay a reasonable Price or Rent for the said Office, out of the said Funds; and the said Collectors and Treasurers shall find sufficient Security to the said Commissioners for their respective Intromissions with the Funds, which they shall be empowered to levy or collect; and the Monies so collected, as soon as they amount to Twenty Pounds, exclusive of a Sum necessary for the Disbursements of the Establishment for Fourteen Days, shall be deposited in a Bank in Glasgow, and no Sum shall be drawn from the said Bank without the written Consent of Two of the Commissioners appointed lor the Purpose.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners; and if any Person shall accept

both

1449

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person, being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasure/s shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or it any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Commissioners, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of the Courts of Law by a regular or summary Action.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be Collector to prepared and kept by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or keep Books. Persons as they shall appoint, wherein shall be fairly entered an Account of all Monies levied and paid by virtue of this Act, and how the same have been applied; and the said Books shall be regularly balanced and docqueted yearly, on the last Monday of July, immediately preceding the Election of Commissioners; the first Balance to be struck on the last Monday of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, from which a Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements for the Year preceding shall be made out and printed on or before the Second Monday of August annually, after the Books are balanced, and a Copy thereof shall be delivered to each of the said Commissioners, and lodged in the Court House and Police Office of the said Barony, where the said Books and Copies shall remain Six Weeks for the Inspection (without Fee or Reward) of all Persons contributing to the aforesaid Assessments, and the said Statement shall also be published once at least in any One or more of the Glasgow Newspapers.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Books to be shall cause the Clerk or Clerks to be appointed by them to keep a kept byClerIc. Book or Books, in which shall be engrossed or written Minutes of all their Proceedings and Transactions, with an Account of the Salaries and Emoluments of Surveyors, Master of Police, Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, Collectors, and other Officers appointed by them, which Book or Books shall at all reasonable Times be open for the Inspection of every Person contributing to the aforesaid Assessments, who shall and may peruse the same, without Fee or Reward.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may Board may sue and be sued for any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this sue Act in the Name of their Clerk or Collector for the Time being; ofcilrko"16 and no Action or Suit wherein the said Commissioners shall be con- Collector, cerned in the Name of their Clerk or Collector by virtue of this Act, shall abate by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Collector, but the Clerk or Collector for the Time being shall be deemed to be the Party suing or defending in any such Action.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Streets, &c. for the said Commissioners to direct and cause the several Public to be lighted, [Local.'] 16 S Streets, and LamP

1450

Irons to be affixed to Houses.]

Penalty for breaking Lamps wilfully.

Satisfaction for breaking

dentally.

Ingredients used in manufacturing Gas not to

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.hod.

Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Passages in the said Barony, to be lighted in such Manner and Form as they shall think proper, either with Oil or Gas, and to contract with any Company or Companies of Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons for that Purpose, and also to order Lamp Irons and Lamps to be fixed on the Walls of Houses and other Buildings on the Sides of the Streets, and from Time to Time to alter and remove the same, upon indemnifying the Proprietors or Occupiers for any Damage thereby done to the said Houses and other Buildings.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully take away, break, or throw down any Lamp or Lamps, which now are or hereafter shall be set up within the Limits of the said Barony, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or damage the Irons or Appurtenances thereof, it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall see such Offence committed to seize, and also for any other Person to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver such Offender or Offenders into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before One of the said Baillies; and if the Party or Parties accused of such Offence, whether apprehended as aforesaid, or afterwards cited for the same, shall be convicted thereof, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or by legal Evidence, such Offender or Offenders shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifteen Pounds Sterling, and moreover shall make Satisfaction for the Damages done; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately upon Conviction pay such Forfeiture and make such Satisfaction, the said Baillie is hereby empowered to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or Bridewell of the said Barony, there to remain for a Space not exceeding Two Calendar Months, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they is or are committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction be sooner paid and given.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall accidentally break, throw down, or damage any of the said Lamps, or the Irons or Appurtenances thereof, it shall and may be lawful for any one of the said Baillies, to award such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction for such Damages, as the said Baillies may think reasonable, provided the Sum so awarded shall not exceed the real Damage sustained by such Accident, besides the Expence incurred in recovering the same; and in case of Neglect or Refusal of the said Person or Persons to pay such Sum or Sums of Money, within Two Days after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillie to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of such Part of his, her, or their Goods, as may be sufficient for that Purpose, and the Surplus, if any, to be paid to such Person or Persons.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners, or for any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to carry or convey, or cause to be carried or conveyed, any Washings j or

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi. 1451

or Liquids, or any Lime or other Ingredients, Matter, or Thing what- conveyed soever, which shall arise or be produced in manufacturing or pro- '^v°erasny&c-ducing any Gas or inflammable Air whatsoever, or in or by the prosecuting of any GasWorks, into any River, Pond, Ditch, Brook, or Canal, or into any Sewer, Conduit, or other Place whatsoever, by which it may ultimately be carried or conveyed into any River, Pond,

Ditch, Brook, or Canal.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Body Penalty on Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons whomsoever, shall at any conveying Time empty, drain, or convey, or cause or suffer to be emptied, in"a"^s drained, or conveyed, or to run or flow, any Washings, or other waste jyver, 3 Liquids, Substances, or Things whatsoever, which shall arise or be Stream, &c. produced in the Prosecution of any Gas Works, or in the Manufacture or Process of making or procuring such Gas, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, Spring Head, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or do or cause to be done any Annoyance, Act, or Thing to the Water contained in any such River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir,

Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, or Spring Head, Well, Drain,

Sewer, or Ditch, then and in every such Case the Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of the Courts of Law, by a regular or summary Action; and the whole of such Penalty shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same:

Provided always, that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable, unless the same be sued for within Twelve Calendar Months from the Time when such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage,

Act, or Thing shall have ceased and determined : Provided also, that over and above, and in addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds (and whether such Penalty shall have been sued for or recovered or not), in case any of the said Washings or other waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things, shall be emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, or any Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, Spring Head, or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or any such Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof, in Writing, shall have been given by any Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to the Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other the Person or Persons so offending, or to his, her, or their Clerk or Clerks, or to any Person in his or their Service or Employ, and such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, shall not, within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice shall have been given to them or him as aforesaid, stop, hinder, or prevent all and every such Washings, waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things, from being emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or from running or flowing in manner aforesaid, and every such other Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage,

Act, or Thing from being done as aforesaid; then and in every such

Case,

1452 4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

Case, such Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each and every Day such Washings, waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things shall be so emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be so done or caused to be done as aforesaid; and such last-mentioned Penalty shall and may be recovered and levied in such and the like manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is in and by this Act directed to be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Informer, or to the Person or Persons who, in the Judgment of the Baillies or Magistrates before whom the Conviction shall take place, shall have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage, by any such Act so done or committed.

This Act not

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing

to prevent herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent Commission- any person or Persons from proceeding by Indictment or otherwise, proceeded against the said Commissioners, or against any of their Officers, Ser-againstfora vants, or Workmen, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any other Nuisance,&c. Person or Persons, in respect of any such Gas Works, or the Means which shall be by them used in obtaining the said Gas or inflammable Air, or in using the same as a public or private Nuisance.

Board may

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners provide Fire may, and they are hereby authorized to purchase Fire Engines, Pipes, appoint’Fire- anc* °^ler necessary Appurtenances for extinguishing Fires, so far as men; these have not been already provided, and to name and appoint, during

Pleasure, a proper Person to take Charge of the said Engines, Pipes, and other Appurtenances, with such Number of active Men as they shall think fit for working the same in a proper manner, and for assisting in extinguishing Fires within the said Barony; and the said Commissioners are also hereby authorized to make such Regulations and Rules for the said Persons as to them shall seem proper; and the Expence of keeping and maintaining the said Engines, Pipes, and Appurtenances, and paying the said Firemen, shall be defrayed from the Funds raised by virtue of this Act.

and rent or

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful purchase for the said Commissioners to rent or hire a Piece of Ground for the for'keeping depositing of Dung, Dust, or Ashes, sweeped and collected from Engines,&c. the Streets and Pavements in the said Barony; and also to rent or hire Houses or other Buildings for securing the said Fire Engines, with the Dung Carts which it may be found requisite to employ; or if it may appear more expedient, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, to purchase (from any Person willing, and under no legal Disability or Incapacity to sell) a Piece of Ground, not exceeding in the whole Five Statute Acres, and to erect thereon the necessary Sheds and other Buildings for the said Purpose.

Commission-

LIX. And whereas great Inconvenience, Loss, and Damage have FireTlVTke keen sustained, in consequence of the want of a sufficient Supply of lre u&s- Water for extinguishing Fires happening within the Barony; be it

therefore

1453

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners may and they are hereby empowered and authorized to make and maintain, or cause to be made and maintained. Fire Plugs in the several public Streets, Lanes, and Squares within the said Barony, for the Purpose of affording a sufficient Supply of Water for extinguishing Fires within the said Barony, and to defray the Expence thereof from the Funds levied under the Authority of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors or Occupiers of any Dwelling House, Shop, Warehouse, Workshop, or other House or Tenement whatsoever, in which a Fire breaks out or takes place, shall pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, to be expended, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, in giving Premiums or Wages to the Persons who may assist in extinguishing the said Fires, by bringing to the Spot Fire Engines and a Supply of Water, or otherwise, in such Manner and Proportions as the said Commissioners may judge fit; the said Money to be recovered by the Procurator Fiscal of the said Barony.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Chimney or Funnel for conveying Smoke within the said Barony shall be wilfully or negligently set on fire, or suffered to be set on fire, or shall take fire, the Occupier shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling for every such Chimney or Funnel set on fire, or suffered to take fire as aforesaid, besides such further Sum, not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, as the Magistrate by whom Sentence is pronounced in any such Case shall award to the Fireman or Firemen, or other Person or Persons by whom such Fire is extinguished, and reported to the Police Office, which the Fireman or Firemen who shall see such Fire are hereby required to do.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That as the said Baillies have been in use, upon report of their Birleymen or Liners, and after inspecting the Premises, and hearing Parties, to line the Front of any Houses or Buildings about to be rebuilt in Front of the Streets, Lanes, or Passages within the said Barony, so it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any one of them, and they are hereby empowered, upon Complaint and Application made to them by the said Commissioners, or by any individual neighbouring Proprietor (after visiting the Premises, and hearing Parties concerned), to line the Fronts of any House or Building to be erected in any of the Streets, Passages, or Lanes within the said Barony, in such Manner as they may see necessary, for preserving Regularity of the Line of Building in the said Streets, passages, or Lanes.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any Two of them within the said Barony, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application or Complaint being made to them by the said Commissioners (after inspecting the Premises, and hearing the Parties concerned), to order, by a Decree under their Hands, the Proprietors of Houses or other Buildings, fronting any of the Streets of the said Barony, to remove, or cause to be removed and taken away within a reasonable Time, [Local.] 16 T Outstairs,

Premiums to Firemen.

Penalty for Chimneys taking fire.

Baillies may line Buildings.

Outshots to be removed.

1454

Proviso as to outsideStairs

No Houses to be thatched with Straw, &c.

Holes in Streets, &e. to be fenced, and Lights

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

Outstairs, Outshots, Buildings, Erections, Sign Posts, and other Things whatsoever, which project upon or tend to obstruct the free Passage of the said Streets and Foot Pavements, or which project or extend beyond the proper Line or Breadth; and if within the Time specified in such Decrees, the said Outstairs, Outshots, Buildings, Erections, Sign Posts, and other Things he not taken away, the Owner of such House or Building to which the same may be annexed or belong, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, and so toties quoties for every Month after such Decree, during which the said Outstairs, Outshots, Buildings, or other Projections shall remain, the said Fines to be levied and applied in manner herein-after directed: Provided always, that in case the aforesaid Obstructions shall not he removed within Three Calendar Months alter the Decree decerning them to be removed has been intimated to such Proprietors, then it shall be lawful for the said Baillies, or any Two or more of them, and they are hereby empowered to order the same to be removed Irrevi manu; and when such Outstairs, Outshots, Buildings, and Erections shall be removed under the Authority of this Act, for the Purpose of public Convenience and Accommodation, the Expence attending the same, and Damage occasioned to the Proprietor, shall be defrayed from the Funds arising under this Act.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Houses and Buildings erected on the Sides of the said Foot Pavements cannot have convenient Access and Entries by any other Passages than by Outstairs, the said Baillies shall, upon the Application of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, order such Outstairs to be altered and narrowed in such manner as to leave a free Passage, not less than Two-thirds of the Breadth of the Pavement opposite to the said Outstairs : Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to enable the said Baillies to charge the Owners or Proprietors of such Houses or Buildings with any Sum or Sums of Money, attending the Removal or Alteration of the said Outstairs, but that the same, and every Part thereof, shall be paid and defrayed out of the Funds arising under this Act as aforesaid.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors of such Tenements or Houses fronting any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, or any other public Places within the said Barony as may be erected, and of such front Houses or Tenements as may be unroofed or rebuilt subsequent to the passing of this Act, shall be, and the said Proprietors are hereby prohibited from thatching with Straw, Broom, Heath, and from covering with Tar, Pitch, or Paper, the Roofs of such Front Tenements.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Stones, Rubbish, or Building Materials, or Sheds for Masons or other Workmen, shall be placed or formed upon, or any Hole or Opening shall be made in or adjoining any of the Streets, Lanes, Passages, Squares, or public Places of the Barony, for the Purpose of building, making Wells or Drains, laying Pipes, or for any other Purposes, the Person or Persons making or causing to be made the said Deposits, Sheds, Holes, or Openings, shall give written Notice thereof to the Commissioners of the , Ward

1455

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

Ward where such Operations are intended to take place, or to the Superintendent of Police, Twenty-four Hours at the least previous to the Commencement of the said Operations, and such Person or Persons, and the Persons employed or concerned therein, shall at his, her, or their own Expence, cause a sufficient Rail or Fence to be put round the said Deposits, Sheds, Holes, or Openings, and shall also cause Lamps or Lights to be affixed at or near the same, to be kept burning every Night from Sun-setting to Sun-rising; and in case any of the said Person or Persons shall fail to give Notice as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to fence in a sufficient Manner, and to affix and keep burning the said Lamps or Lights in manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any one of them, to decern the Person or Persons so failing or offending to pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and applied as herein-after directed, and also to order the said Foundations, Holes, or Openings to be fenced, and Lamps or Lights to be affixed and kept burning thereat, by and at the Expence of the Person or Persons concerned or employed therein; reserving always to any Person or Persons who may suffer Injury by such Operations, or neglect in fencing or lighting, to prosecute the Defaulters for Reparation and Damages according to Law.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That when it shall be necessary to take down or unroof any Houses or Tenements fronting the Streets of the said Barony, for the Purposes of rebuilding or repairing them, or for any other Purposes, or when it becomes necessary to perform any other Work upon the said Houses or Tenements, whereby Risk may arise of Stones, Slates, Timber, or any other Materials falling upon the Foot Pavements, every Person or Persons carrying on or causing to be carried on such Works, shall at his, her, or their Expence, fence round, or cause to be fenced round, with a sufficient Rail or other Fence, the Parts of the said Foot Pavements opposite to the said Houses or Tenements rebuilding or repairing, or where other Works are carrying on, and shall uphold and keep in proper Repair and Condition the Rails and other Fences aforesaid during the whole Time the said Works are carrying on, to prevent Passengers from walking along those Parts of the said Foot Pavements; and it shall be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, to tine the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing so to fence round the said Foot Pavements, in a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling for each Day’s Failure, to be levied and applied in manner herein-after directed; and also to order the said Pavements so to be fenced in at the Expence of the Person or Persons carrying on the said Works or Repairs; reserving to any Person who may suffer Injury through such Neglect, to presecute the Defaulters for Reparation and Damages according to Law.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Water from the Roofs of all Houses and other Buildings within the said Barony, fronting the public Streets and Squares, and the Lanes and Wynds which are Thoroughfares, shall be conveyed in Lead or other Pipes, reaching within Six Inches of the Ground, and affixed to or on the Sides or Fronts of such Houses and Buildings; and the Owners or

Pro-

Fence* to be put up where Houses are taken down or unroofed.

Water from Roofs of Houses to be conveyed in Pipes.

1456

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

Proprietors thereof shall be obliged to make a Cut or Gutter in the Pavement, from the Termination of the said Pipe or Pipes, for carry, ing off the Water therefrom into the Common Sewer; and in case the Owners or Proprietors of such Houses and Buildings shall not so carry the Water from the same, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any Two of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, upon Application by the Commissioners, or any Person interested (on inspecting the Premises and hearing Parties concerned), to decern, in a summary Manner, such Owners or Proprietors to pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every such Offence; and if after Conviction of any such Offence, the Water from such Houses and other Buildings shall still be conveyed otherwise than in Pipes so affixed, and reaching as aforesaid, for the Space of One Calendar Month, then the Owner or Proprietor of every such House or Building shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, and so toties quoties for every Month after such first Conviction during which the Water shall be conveyed otherwise than as aforesaid; such Fines to be levied and applied in manner herein-after directed, and to be always paid by the Proprietors according to the Proportion of their respective Rents, rated as after mentioned; and in case the said Persons shall neglect for Two Calendar Months to convey the Water from the said Houses or Buildings in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, upon Application by the Commissioners, to order the Work necessary for conveying the Water in manner aforesaid, to be done at the Expence of the said Persons, and to decern against them for the Expence thereof! over and above the Penalties which they may have incurred.

Expence of

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That when the Floors or Stories Pipes how to of any Houses or Buildings belong to more Proprietors than one, be pan. the several Proprietors of the said House or Building shall defray the Expence of making, affixing, and keeping in Repair the said Pipes, and the said Cuts or Gutters in the Pavements, in proportion to the Rents of the Parts of such Houses or Buildings which belong to them respectively, as rated in the Rent Roll before mentioned; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise amongst the several Proprietors of the same House or Building, relative to the Proportions of the aforesaid Expence, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, after inspecting the Premises and hearing the Parties concerned, by a Decree under their Hands, to determine the same, according to the Rate of such Rents in the said Roll, and to decern for that Expence in manner aforesaid; and which Determination shall be final and binding on all Parties concerned.

Recourse to

LXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where the Ta"th?Ex*0 ^'enants or Occupiers of any House or other Building shall, in de-peLe of fau*t of the Proprietor’s paying such Expence, have been at any affixing Pipes, Expence in conveying the Water as aforesaid, (which they are hereby &c. authorized and required to do to the Amount of the yearly Rents

payable by them respectively) they may and are hereby authorized and empowered to apply the Lead and Materials of any Pipe or

Pipes

1457

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

Pipes formerly affixed to the said Houses, or the Produce thereof, towards such Expences, and to deduct the Remainder of the said Expence from the next Rent due to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, who are hereby directed and required to allow the same; and in the event of the said Proprietors not residing within the said Barony, Notice of the Complaint, or of the Order of the said Baillies, being served on the Occupiers or Tenants, shall be as valid and effectual as if served on the Owners or Proprietors personally.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Owners and Proprie- Foot Pave-tors of all Houses and Buildings, or of Gardens or Grounds, adjoining "|j*tobe to and fronting any Street, Square, or Public Place already formed ma or to be formed within the said Barony, shall at his, her, or their Expence cause the Ground before their Properties respectively, where Houses or other Buildings are erected on the Sides of the said Streets, Squares, or other public or principal Places, to be brought to a proper Level so as to carry off the Water, and to be well and sufficiently paved with flat hewn Stone, of such Breadth, and in such Manner and Form, as the Commissioners (after visiting the Grounds and hearing the Parties) shall direct and appoint, the Foot Pavement in the same Street or Square being always of one Breadth; and the Breadth of the said Foot Pavement not to exceed Ten Feet in Streets of Sixty Feet wide and upwards, Eight Feet in Streets from Fifty to Sixty Feet wide, Seven Feet in Streets from Forty to Fifty Feet wide, Five Feet in Streets from Thirty to Forty Feet wide, Four Feet in Streets from Twenty to Thirty Feet wide; and in Streets less than Twenty Feet wide, the Pavements shall be laid in such Form and of such Width as the said Commissioners may think proper to order and appoint: Provided always, that where the Owners or Proprietors are bound by their Title Deeds to make Pavements of a certain Breadth, such* Title Deeds shall regulate the Commissioners in fixing the Breadth of Pavements in these particular Streets; and it shall be in the Option of the Owners or Proprietors of such Gardens or Grounds within the said Barony on which no Buildings are erected, either to make the Foot Pavements in manner aforesaid, or to pave opposite their Properties with Whinstones, leaving a sufficient Curb or Border Stone, but only until the Ground shall be built upon; and in Cases where the Ground unbuilt upon may amount to or exceed One hundred Feet in Length, it shall be optional to the Owners or Proprietors to make the said Footpaths of Gravel, having a sufficient Curb or Border Stone; and such Parts of Footpaths as are opposite to Wynds, Lanes, and Cart or Carriage Entries may also, in the Option of the Proprietors, be paved with Whinstones.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Owner Baillies may or Proprietor shall refuse or neglect to cause such Ground to be order them paved in manner aforesaid, within such Time as he, she, or they shall *°,be made be required so to do by the said Commissioners, it shall and may be prietorfr°" lawful for any One or more of the Baillies of the Court of Barony refuse, and Justiciary of the Barony of Gorbals to cause the same to be done at the Expence of such Owner or Proprietor; and in case any such Owner or Proprietor shall refuse or neglect, when required, to pay the Expence of the said Foot Pavements, it shall and may be lawful [Local.] 16 U for

1458

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

for any One or more of the said Baillies to decern such Expence, together with the Charges of recovering the same, to be paid by such Owner or Proprietor, either to the Tradesmen doing the Work, or to any Person authorized to receive the same, in manner hereinafter mentioned: Provided always, that in every Case where such Owner or Proprietor shall be unable to pay the Expence of making the said Foot Pavements in one Sum, the said Baillies may decern the same to be paid by such Instalments, and at such Periods, as to them shall seem proper.

How to be

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be kept in lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, alter the said Foot

repair. Pavements or Paths are made by virtue of this Act, to ordain them

to be kept in proper Repair, and for any One or more of the said Baillies, upon Complaint being made to him or them by the said Commissioners, to give Decrees for the Charges and Expence of repairing, relaying, and maintaining the same, together with the Expences of Recovery against the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Buildings, Gardens, and Grounds, in the same Manner as they are herein-before empowered to decern for the Expence of making the said Foot Pavements.

Expence

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when Houses, Grounds,

how to be or Buildings belong to more Proprietors than one, the several Pro-

defrayed. prietors shall be bound to cause the Ground before their respective

Properties to be paved, and the Pavement to be kept in Repair in manner aforesaid, the Expence being defrayed by such Proprietors in proportion to the Rents of the respective Parts of the Premises belonging to each of them, according as the Same shall at the Time stand rated in the Rent Roll before mentioned; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise among the several Proprietors of the same House or Building, relative to their Proportions of the said Expence, it shall and may be lawful for any one of the said Baillies to h'x and ascertain the same, according to the Rate of such Rents in the said Roll; and in case of any Difference between the said Commissioners and the Proprietors of the Premises, either with respect to making or keeping in repair such Foot Pavements, or as to the Expence of the same, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, on a Complaint to be made to them or him (after visiting the Premises and hearing Parties concerned) to determine any such Difference, which Determination shall be final and binding on all Parties.

Tenants may

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Tenants or Occupiers retain Ex- of the Houses or other Buildings belonging to such Owners and thrir'llems Proprietors, *n default of the Owners or Proprietors paying such Expence, such Tenants or Occupiers having paid the same (which they are hereby authorized and required to do to the Amount of the Rents payable by them respectively) shall be at liberty, and they are hereby empowered to deduct and retain out of his, her, or their Rents, such Sums of Money as they shall respectively pay on account of the said Pavements, for their respective Landlords, Owners, Or Proprietors, who are hereby required to admit of such Deductions.

8 ‘ LXXVI. And

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi. 1459

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the p.°^°r*t10 passing of this Act, all and every Person and Persons who shall pos-sess the Shops, or (where there are no Shops) the Ground Floor or Story of any Dwelling House or other Building adjoining to and fronting the Foot Pavements within the said Barony, shall cause the same along the Front of his, her, or their respective Shops, Dwelling Houses, or other Building to be swept, scraped, and cleaned once every lawful Day, between the Hours of Eight and Ten in the Morning; and where there are no Tenants therein, every Person or Persons who shall possess the Second Floor, or where there are no Tenants therein, the Person or Persons who shall possess the next Floor of any such Dwelling House or Building, shall cause the said Pavement, and also the Pavement in front of the Entry or Passage to such Dwelling House, and also the said Entry or Passage itself, to be in like Manner swept, scraped, and cleaned once every lawful Day between the Flours of Eight and Ten; and if they or any of them shall fail so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, to decern in a summary Manner, such Occupier or Proprietor to pay a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and applied in manner herein-after directed; and in case any Dispute shall arise amongst the Occupiers of Shops, Dwelling Houses, or Buildings adjoining the said Foot Pavements, as to cleansing, sweeping, and scraping the same, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, to determine such Dispute; and when the Occupiers of Shops or Ground Floors, or Stories of Dwelling Houses, sweep, scrape, and clean the Foot Pavements in manner aforesaid, they shall have Relief against the Inhabitants of the Upper Floors or Stories for a Proportion of the Expence, corresponding to the Valuations of their respective Possessions, as rated in the said Rent Roll; which Proportion shall, in case of Dispute, be determined and decerned for by the Baillies, or any One of them : Provided always, that in case it may appear expedient to the said Commissioners to take the Charge of sweeping and cleaning the said Pavements, it shall and may be lawful for them to employ the public Scavengers to sweep and clean the said Pavements, and to defray the Expence thereof out of the Funds raised by virtue of this Act.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the For preventpassing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall, upon any of the Nuisan-Foot Pavements within the said Barony, run, draw, drive, or carry ce8’ ^nn<7" any Truck, Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Wheel or Wheels, Sedan obTtruc-Chair, Bier, or Carriage whatsoever, except directly across the same tions. on necessary Occasions, or wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse or other Beast or Cattle whatsoever on any of the said Foot Ways or Foot Pavements (except when going directly across the said Foot Pavements to or from any Stable or Cowhouse), or wilfully permit or suffer any Horse or other Beast or Cattle which such Person may be Tiding, driving, or leading to go thereon; or shall tie or fasten any Horse or other Cattle to any House, Wall, Fence, Post, Tree, or other Thing whatsoever, across any of the said Foot Ways or Foot Pavements; or set or leave any Cask, Bale, Box, Tub, Bucket, Pail Stool, Bench, or Stall, on or in the said Streets, Foot Ways, or Foot

Pavements;

1460

4° GEORGII IV. C>.lxxi.

Pavements; or erect, set up, put, or place any Blind, Shade, Coverlid, or Awning, or any other Matter or Thing, so as in any way to cause any Obstruction or Impediment on the Streets, Foot Ways, or on the Foot Pavements; or shall roll any Barrel, Hogshead, or Cask along the said Foot Pavements, except directly across them to or from any Cellars, Shops, or Warehouses; or shall roll any such Barrel, Hogshead, or Cask along any of the public or principal Streets, Squares, Passages, or Places in the said Barony, except from Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, or other Places, directly to such Carts or Carriages as they are to be loaded upon, or from such Carts or Carriages as they have been loaded upon, directly to the Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, or other Places in which they are to be deposited (not exceeding Thirty Yards in any Case); or shall drive any Cattle on any of the Streets, Squares, Passages, or Places of the said Barony furiously or improperly; or shall sit or stand in or upon any Cart or Waggon when driving the same along any of the said Streets, Squares, Passages, or Places, without having a Person on Foot leading the Horses yoked to such Cart or Waggon; or shall leave any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage on any of the said Streets, Squares, Passages, or Places, yoked or unyoked, either during the Day or Night, to the Obstruction of the free Passage of other Carriages and of Passengers, or to the Danger of such Passengers; or shall carry or convey on any of the Streets, Squares, or Passages of the said Barony any Timber or Logs of Wood, exceeding Thirty Feet in Length, otherwise than upon Two or more Carts or Carriages, having each Two Wheels of at least Five Inches in Breadth, such Carts or Carriages being fixed or fastened by the Tail or Shafts of the one Cart to the Tail or Shafts of the other, and so as to occupy the Space of only one Cart in Breadth; or shall in any Street, Square, Public Passage, or Place within the said Barony, hoop, fire, cleanse, wash or scald any Cask or Tub, or hew, saw, or cut any Wood or Timber, or bore any Timber, or make or repair, or wash or clean any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage, or the Wheel, Body, Springs, or other Part of any such Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage (except such as may want immediate Repair from any sudden Accident on the Spot, and which cannot conveniently be removed for that Purpose); or shoe, bleed, or farry any Horse or other Beast (unless in case of sudden Accident); or clean, dress, drive, or turn loose any Horse or other Beast or Cattle; or show or expose any Stallion or Stone Horse (except only in such Place as the said Baillies shall direct); or shew, exercise, or expose to Sale any Horse or other Beast; or kill, slaughter, or scald, singe, dress, or cut up any Animal, either wholly or in part; or cause or permit any Blood to run from or out of any Slaughterhouse, Butcher’s Shop, or Shamble into or upon the Streets or any of them; or shall throw or cast any Dirt, Dung, Ashes, or Rubbish into or upon any of the said Foot Ways or Foot Pavements; or shall, in any Street, Square, Public Passage, or Place within the said Barony, sell, or assist in selling, by Auction or Public Sale, any Cattle, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Thing or Things whatsoever, without the Authority of the said Baillies for that Purpose had and obtained; or hang up, place, or expose to Sale, or cause or permit to be hanged up, placed, or exposed to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever,

or

1461

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

of any Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff) Butcher’s Meat, oi other Matter or Thing, in or upon, or so as to project over or upon the Foot Pavement or Carriage Way of any such Streets, Squares, Public Passages, or Places, or beyond the Line, or on the Outside of the Window or Windows of the House, Shop, or Place at which the same shall be so hanged up, placed, or exposed to Sale, or so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage; or shall leave open after Sun-set the Door or Window of any Cellar or other under-ground Room or Apartment, without having placed or left a sufficient Light therein to warn and prevent Persons passing in the Streets, Lanes, and Public Places of the said Barony from falling into such Cellars or other under-ground Rooms or Apartments; or shall set or place upon the Outside of any Window or Opening fronting any of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Closes, or Passages of the said Barony any Furniture, Flower Pots, or Boxes for raising or preserving Flowers, Shrubs, or other Plants or Vegetables, or any other Article, unless the Soles and Outside of the Window or Opening at which any such Furniture, Pots, Boxes, or Articles are set or placed, shall be sufficiensly railed in and secured with good and substantial Rails of Iron or Wood, so as to prevent the Risk of the said Furniture, Pots, Boxes, or other Articles falling from the said Windows or Openings; or shall place, hang, or affix any Sign, Sign Post, or Board, otherwise than close to or flat upon the Wall or Front of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings to which they respectively belong; or shall play at Football or at any other Game, or shall fly any Paper Kite or other Kite, or shall trundle any Hoop or Hoops, to the Annoyance of any Inhabitant or Inhabitants, Passenger or Passengers, either on Foot, or on Horseback, or in a Carriage; or cause, make, or assist in making any Bonfire, or wantonly discharge or fire any Gun, Pistol, or Blunderbuss, or other Fire-arms, or let off’, set fire to, or throw any Cracker, Squib, Rocket, or other Firework, or play at any Game, to the Annoyance of the Inhabitants or Passengers; or shall occasion any other kind of Obstruction or Annoyance in or upon any such Street, Square, Public Passage, or Place; or shall obstruct or incommode, hinder or prevent the free Passage of any Footway or Causeway, or prejudice or annoy in any Manner whatsoever any Person or Persons travelling, passing, or going thereon within the said Barony; then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for the First Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, and for the Second and every subsequent Offence, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable or other Peace Officer, or any other Person or Persons, by virtue of this Act, and without any Warrant whatsoever, to seize and apprehend any such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them before any one of the said Baillies, in order to his, her, or their Conviction of such Offence: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or hinder any Person or Persons from selling or exposing to Sale any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, or placing any Stall, Booth, Stool, Bench, or Form for the Sale of Goods or Wares, or from exposing to Sale any Meat, Poultry, Vegetables, Fruit, or any other Matter or Thing, in any Market-place within the [Local.] Iff A said

1462

Proprietors to causeway in Terms of Title Deeds.

Proviso as to Cotton Works, &c.

Refuse or Water from Dye Works, &c. to be carried off under-ground.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

said Barony, or in the usual Place of holding the Public Fairs, on the usual Days of such Markets or Fairs, the Consent of the Proprietors of such Places being always previously obtained.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Owners or Proprietors of Grounds in the said Barony, who may or shall have failed to causeway the Streets therein, or any Part of the said Streets, for the Passage or passing over of Carriages, Carts, Cattle, or other Beasts, in Terms of the Obligations expressed in their Title Deeds, shall be obliged to causeway the said Streets opposite to their respective Properties, built upon and fronting the said Streets, within Six Calendar Months after being required to do so by the said Commissioners; and in the Event of such Owners or Proprietors refusing or delaying, after Expiry of that Period, to causeway the said Streets or Parts of Streets as aforesaid, and for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any one of them, (after having visited and inspected the Grounds), to ordain the same to be done at the Expence of the said Owners or Proprietors, and to issue Decrees against such Owners or Proprietors for the said Expence.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of all Cotton Works, Glass Works, Foundries, Mills, Distilleries, Soap or Candle Works, or other Works to be erected in the said Barony, the Machinery whereof is driven by Steam, or the Smoke arising wherefrom is considered noxious or injurious to the Neighbourhood, shall construct the Furnaces or Flues of their said Works, so as to consume their own Smoke, in such Manner as the noxious or injurious Consequences may be removed or prevented; and in case they refuse so to do when required by the said Commissioners or any Proprietor or Inhabitant, the said Baillies, or any Two of them, shall have full Power, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause the same to be done in such Manner as to them shall seem best calculated to prevent such Consequences in Time coming, at the Expence of the said Proprietors or Occupiers; but nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to allow any of the Works aforesaid to be erected upon Ground, the Writings and Title Deeds of which prohibit their Erection.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of Distilleries, Dye Works, and all other Works within the said Barony, shall be obliged to carry off the Refuse or Water coming from such Works, by Drains or Sewers under-ground, properly secured and covered, until it reaches a Common Sewer j and if they refuse so to do when thereto required by the said Commissioners, or any Proprietor or Inhabitant, the said Baillies, or any Two of them, are hereby authorized and required to cause the same to be done and kept in Repair at the Expence of the Owners or Occupiers of such Works, previous Notice of such Operations being always given to the Trustees of the Highways, or other Persons interested therein, Twenty-four Hours at least before the said Operations are intended to be commenced.

EXXXI. And

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make or cause to be made Common Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses for draining and carrying away the Water from the Roads, Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Passages made and to be made within the said Barony: Provided always, that the said Common Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses shall be covered over in a sufficient and substantial Manner, and that all Damages done or occasioned by making or repairing the same, shall be paid by the said Commissioners to the Person or Persons interested, from the Funds to be raised by virtue of this Act; and in case of Difference between the said Commissioners and such Person or Persons respecting the Amount of such Damages, the same shall be ascertained by Decrees to be pronounced by the Sheriff* Depute of the County of Lanark, or his Substitute, who are hereby authorized and required to hear the Parties, and to decern for the same.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause Wells to be dug. Pipes to be laid, and Pumps to be erected in any of the Streets, Lanes, or Passages in the said Barony they shall think most proper and advantageous for obtaining an additional Supply of fresh Water for the Use of the Inhabitants; and the Expence of digging, making, and maintaining the Public Wells, Pipes, and Pumps within the said Barony shall be defrayed from the Funds to be levied by virtue of this Act.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, to fine any Person or Persons who may be convicted of injuring or destroying the said Wells, Pipes, or Pumps, or the Springs or Watercourses thereof, in any Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling for every Offence, and also in the Amount of the Damages thereby sustained, to be levied and applied in manner herein-after directed.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract with and employ Scavengers or other Persons to cleanse and sweep the Streets, Squares, and other Public Places within the said Barony, (except the Foot Pavements, in case it shall not appear expedient to the said Commissioners to employ the Public Scavengers to sweep and clean the said Foot Pavements, as herein-before provided) and also those Parts of the said Footpaths which are made with Whinstones, and immediately to order all Soil, Dirt, Ashes, and Filth to be removed therefrom, and to collect the same into Heaps, and afterwards to carry the same to such Place or Places as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and to sell and dispose of such Soil, Dirt, Ashes, and Filth to such Person or Persons as may be desirous to purchase the same; the Money thence arising being always applied towards the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that the Expence of employing the said Scavengers or other Persons shall be defrayed from the Funds to be levied in manner herein-after directed.

1463

Power to make Common Sewers.

Power to dig Wells and erect Pumps.

Penalty for

injuring

Wells.

Power to employ Scavengers.

1464 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

Dung to be LXXXV. Ariel he it further enacted, That all and every PerSou removed from 0]. persons who shall lay or cause to he laid on any of the Streets trM"' or Public Ways within the said Barony, any Dung, Dust, or Ashes, for the Purpose of carrying the same to adjacent Grounds, shall remove and take the same away before Twelve of the Clock of the Day on which it shall he so laid in the said Streets or Public Ways, from the First Day of November to the First Day of April, and before Ten of the Clock of the Day from the First Day of April to the First Day of November; and if any Dung, Dust, or Ashes shall be allowed to remain on any Part of the said Streets or Public Ways after the said Hours, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, to decern the Person or Persons so offending to pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling for such Offence, to be levied and applied as herein-after directed, and that over and above the Forfeiture of the Dung, Dust, or Ashes which shall be removed by the Police to the Public Dungsteads and afterwards sold, and the Price applied in the same Manner as the Penalty.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall hereafter empty or cause to be emptied any Slaughter House, Privy, or Necessary House, within the said Barony, or carry or cause to be carried any of the Soil thereof, or any other offensive Substances, through any of the Streets or Public Passages and Places within the said Barony, at any Time of the Year between Lady Day and Michaelmas Day, except between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Evening and Six of the Clock in the Morning, or at any Time of the Year between Michaelmas Day and Lady Day, except between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Evening and Eight of the Clock in the Morning, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to prevent the carrying or causing to be carried of any Ashes, Dung, or other Manure, (except Night Soil) for the Purpose of manuring or being spread on the Lands or Grounds of any Person, through such Streets and other Public Passages and Places at any Hour, or at any Time or Times whatever.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Persons employed in carrying or wheeling the said Dung, Dust, or Ashes to the Streets, shall be obliged to sweep, scrape, and cleanse the Closes, Foot Pavements, and Streets through, over, or upon which the Dung shall have been carried, wheeled, or placed, immediately after they shall have finished their Work, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and applied in manner hereinafter mentioned.

closes to be

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the cleaned by passing of this Act, the whole Closes, Lanes, or Thoroughfares within-roprie or». t(le sa^j ]jarony shall be properly causewayed or paved and kept in proper Repair, and such of them as are not cleaned and swept by Scavengers appointed under the Authority of this Act, shall be kept

clean

Wheelers of Dung to clean Closes, Pavements, and Streets.

Offensive Substances to be removed within certain Hours.

14(55

4U GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

clean and clear of all Dung, Filth, or Rubbish, at the Expence of the several Proprietors thereof, or of the Houses and Buildings therein, who shall cause the same to be swept and cleaned out at least Twice each Week; and in case such Closes, Lanes, or Thoroughfares shall not be so causewayed or paved, swept and cleaned, such Proprietors shall severally forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling for each Omission or Offence, to be levied in manner herein-after mentioned.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where the said Closes, Lanes, or Thoroughfares, or Houses and Buildings therein, belong to more Proprietors than one, the several Proprietors thereof shall be obliged to defray the Expence of causewaying and paving, sweeping and cleaning the said Closes, Lanes, or Thoroughfares, in proportion to the Value of their respective Properties; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall occur among such Proprietors relative to their Proportion of the said Expence, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, after hearing the Parties concerned, by a Decree to be pronounced by them or him, to determine the Amount and Proportion to be paid by each Proprietor, and to decern for the same in a summary Manner, which Determination shall be final and binding upon the Parties: Provided always, that when any One or more of such Proprietors are, by their Title Deeds or otherwise, burthened with the Expence of causewaying and paving, sweeping and cleaning the said Closes, Lanes, or Thoroughfares, he, she, or they shall still continue to be subject to that Burthen.

XC. And whereas Thoroughfares, Passages, and Closes communicating with different Streets of the said Barony afford Offenders ready Means of Escape from Justice; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from the Assessment herein authorized to be levied, to place and erect, or cause to be placed and erected, Iron Gates within or upon any such Thoroughfares, Passages, or Closes, and at such Parts thereof as they shall direct and appoint; and to cause the said Gates to be locked at such Hours, and kept locked for such Time, as they shall think proper, and to be locked and opened, and the Keys thereof to be kept by the Officers, Patrol, or Watchmen on the several Stations, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall authorize so to do; and any Person or Persons wilfully damaging or injuring any such Gate, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, besides making Satisfaction for such Damage; and any Person or Persons locking or unlocking any such Gate without being so authorized, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, which said Penalties shall be levied and applied in manner herein-after directed: Provided always, that the Inhabitants in such Thoroughfares, Passages, and Closes shall have free and uninterrupted Access, at all Hours, to and from their respective Possessions therein, by One of the principal Streets, Roads, or Passages connected therewith. 16

16 Y

Provision as to the Expence of cleaning Closes, &c. where belonging to several Proprietors.

Iron Gates to be placed on Thoroughfares.

[LocaV]

1466

Houses to be numbered, and Streets to be named.

Inhabitants may be enumerated.

Regulations as to Hackney Coachmen, Porters, &c.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may order and direct the Houses, Buildings, Shops, and Warehouses within the said Barony to be numbered with Figures, placed or painted on the Doors, or on such other conspicuous Part thereof as they shall think proper; and may likewise order to be painted, or otherwise inscribed on a conspicuous Part of any House or Building at or near the End or the Corner of each Street, Square, Lane, Passage, or Place, the Name of such Street, Square, Passage, or Place; and any Person or Persons who shall wilfully and maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling, to be levied and applied in manner herein-after directed: Provided always, that when any of the said Numbers shall be unavoidably defaced in consequence of the Shop, Door, Wall, or other Place on which the same is marked, being new painted or otherwise, the Proprietors or Possessors of the said Shop, Door, or Wall, shall and they are hereby required to replace the said original Number, in a Character easily legible, where it formerly was, or in such other conspicuous Place to be approved of by the said Board of Commissioners, within Ten Days after the same has been so defaced, under the like Penalty for each Offence, to be levied and applied in manner herein-after directed.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause Enumerations of the Inhabitants to be made from Time to Time, and as often as they shall think expedient, and to employ proper Persons for that Purpose, to be paid from the Assessments; and all Innkeepers and Masters of Hotels, Keepers of Public Houses, Lodging Houses, and other Houses of Entertainment shall and they' are hereby ordered and required on such Occasions, and at all other Times when required by the said Commissioners, or any of the said Baillies, or any Officer or other Person acting under or by virtue of a written Order from them, or either of them, to give the Names and Occupations of, and otherwise describe all Persons living in their Houses or Families, under the Penalty of forfeiting for each Refusal any Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling, to be levied and applied in manner herein-after directed.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Rules, Regulations, and Bye-laws as they may think fit for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Sedan Chairs, Carts, and Porters plying for Hire within the said Barony; for trying, judging, and punishing the Misbehaviour of Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, according to Law; for fixing and altering their Stands, and for ascertaining what Rates and Fares they shall be allowed to take, and to what Distances, and under what Penalties they shall drive in and through the said Barony, not exceeding Two Miles for Sedan Chairs, and Four Miles for Coaches, Carts, and Porters; and the said Baillies, or any one of them, are and is hereby further authorized and empowered to impose such 7 reasonable

1467

4" GEORGII IV. Cop.lxxi.

reasonable Fines or Penalties upon all Persons who shall offend against any such Rules, Regulations, or Bye-laws, as to them shall seem necessary for compelling the Observance and Performance of the same, not exceeding the Sum of One Pound for any One Offence; and from Time to Time to repeal, alter, or amend the Rules, Regulations, and Bye-laws so to be made by them : Provided always, that such Rules, Regulations, and Bye-laws, and the Fines and Penalties for the Breach or Non-performance thereof, as the same shall from Time to Time be made, altered, or varied, shall not be repugnant to the Laws of Scotland, or to any of the Provisions in this Act contained, and shall be printed and put up on such Place or Places as the said Baillies may think proper: Provided also, that it shall be competent to any Person or Persons who may be thereby aggrieved to appeal against the same to the First Circuit Court ol Justiciary to be held at Glasgow thereafter.

XCIV. And whereas the Inhabitants of the said Barony of Gorbals Commis-have been much imposed upon in the Weight of Coals, which might sioners may be remedied by the Weight thereof being properly ascertained; be y^s‘ it therefore further enacted, That the said Board of Commissioners make Regu-shall be, and they are hereby empowered and authorized to erect and lationB for maintain Steel Yards, Scales, or other weighing Engines upon or weighing of adjacent to the different Streets or Roads within the said Barony, or Coals' at any other convenient Place for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, or to grant Powers to others to that Effect, and to appoint proper Persons to attend the same, with suitable Allowances for their Trouble; and to order and appoint every Cart or Waggon employed for the Carriage of Coals for Sale within the said Barony, to be numbered and weighed, and recorded in a Book to be kept for that Purpose within the Barony, under the Direction of the said Board of Commissioners, and the Number and Tare to be painted or inscribed on such Cart or Waggon, in such Manner as the Commissioners shall direct; and such Carts and Waggons shall not be used in the Carriage of Coals for Sale, until the Weight or Tare of stich Cart or Waggon shall be ascertained, recorded, and inscribed as aforesaid, and shall not be afterwards altered in the Weight or Tare thereof, further than shall be occasioned by wet Roads, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and every Cart or Waggon loaded with Coals shall be weighed at the said Steel Yards, Scales, or other weighing Engines, and the Weight of the Coals marked on a Ticket to be delivered to the Driver; and it shall be lawful for the Person having the Charge of such Steel Yards, Scales, or other weighing Engines, to exact from the Driver of each Cart a Sum not exceeding One Penny Sterling, for each Cart and Half, a Sum not exceeding Three Halfpence Sterling, and for each Waggon a Sum not exceeding Two-pence Sterling, to defray the Expence of erecting and keeping in repair such Steel Yards, Scales, or other weighing Engines, and for Payment of the Persons employed for weighing the Coals, and delivering the Tickets, and certifying the Weight thereon, the Money to be repaid to the Drivers by the Purchasers of the Coals; and the Property of such Steel Yards, Scales, and weighing Engines, when the same shall have been erected by the said Board of Commissioners, shall be vested in them, and when the same shall have been erected by any Person or Persons

1468

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

Persons under their Authority, then the Property thereof shall be vested in the Person or the Persons authorized by them to erect the same.

For prevent- XCV. And be it further enacted, That unless the Carter shall have ing Abuses an(j pr0({uce a pass Ticket from the Master or Hillman of the Colliery t erein. where his Loading has been made, certifying that the Loading is going beyond the Bounds of the said Barony, it shall be lawful for any Officer of Police to seize every Cart or Waggon loaded with Coals, sold or disposed of, or going to be sold or disposed of within the Barony or its Liberties, or within the Bounds where the respective Steel Yards, Scales, or other weighing Engines are erected, which shall not have been weighed and a Ticket procured, and to seize, forfeit, and sell the whole Coals contained in such Cart or Waggon, and to apply the Price thereof in the same Manner as the Fines imposed by virtue of this Act, but such Cart or Waggon shall be returned to the Driver; and in case it shall be discovered that any Coals are taken or abstracted from any Cart or Waggon, between the Time at which such Cart or Waggon shall be so weighed, and the Time at which the Coals shall be delivered over to the Purchaser, it shall be lawful to seize, forfeit, and sell the whole Coals remaining in such Cart or Waggon, or abstracted therefrom, in so far as the latter can be recovered in the Way and Manner before prescribed with respect to Coals not regularly weighed in Terms of this Act, and also to seize the Driver of such Cart or W’aggon, and any Person or Persons accessary to such Abstraction, ami to carry them before the said Baillies, or any one of them; and the said Baillies, or any one of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to punish such Drivers, and any Person or Persons accessary to such Abstraction, by Fine not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and applied in manner herein-after directed; and in all Cases where there is a Deficiency of Weight, either upon the first weighing, or upon any after weighing of the Coals, it shall be lawful to seize, forfeit, and sell, and punish in manner aforesaid, declaring, that in ascertaining the Weight of the Coals contained in any ordinary Cart, till further Regulations are made by the said Commissioners, which they are hereby authorized to do, each Cart Load shall be reckoned to weigh not less than Twelve Hundred Weight, each Cart and a Half Eighteen Hundred Weight, and each Waggon Load not less than Twenty-four Hundred Weight, and with Power for the said Baillies to impose Fines for altering the Tare or Weight of the Cart or Waggon aforesaid, or not conforming to the said Regulations, not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling.

Coals may be XCVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful re-weighed, for t|le saj(j Board of Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to provide, furnish, and maintain such Number of portable or moveable Machines for weighing Coals, as they may consider necessary, to be kept at convenient Places, in order that the Inhabitants may have Access to them, for the Purpose of re-weighing their Coals at their own Expence, if they shall be so inclined, and to employ proper Persons to attend such Machines, and to establish the Rates to be payable to them for such re-weighing as aforesaid; as also, that the Master or Superintendent of Police, the Officers acting

under

1469

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

vinder him, or any of the Keepers of the weighing Machines, may cause Coals offered for Sale to be re-weighed, when they may think the same necessary, as a Check upon the Conduct of Carters or others, such re-weighing being always done free of Expence; and if, upon such re-weighing, made either at the Desire of the private Party, or by the Direction of the Superintendent Officers or Weighers as aforesaid, it shall appear that any Coals, after passing the Steel Yard where originally weighed, shall be of less Weight than such Coals were when so originally weighed, it shall be lawful to seize such Cart or Carriage with its Loading; and upon Complaint of the Offence made, and the same being established, it shall be lawful to declare the Coals found in such Cart or other Carriage to be forfeited, and to order the same to be sold, and the Proceeds thereof to be applied in the same Manner as the Fines imposed by this Act; and it shall be competent to punish the Drivers of the Carts or other Carriages, or any other Person or Persons who shall be found to have been accessary to such Abstraction or Embezzlement, by a Fine not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling, to be levied and applied in manner herein-after directed.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of a Bride- Power to well for the County of Lanark not being erected at, in, or near erect a Bride. Glasgow, or in the Event of the Inhabitants of the said Barony being ^ytlkhoiire exempted from all Assessment for the Erection and Support of the said County Bridewell, if the same be so erected, the said Commissioners shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground from any Person or Persons willing, and under no legal Disability or Incapacity, to sell the same, and to erect and build thereon a Gaol, Workhouse, or Bridewell for the Reception only of Persons convicted by the said Baillies of Crimes committed within the said Barony: Provided always, that the Money to he expended in the Purchase of the said Ground, and in erecting and building the said Gaol, Workhouse, or Bridewell, shall not exceed the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to appoint a Keeper,

Clerk, and other Persons for Management of the said Bridewell or Workhouse, with suitable Salaries, and also from Time to Time to make proper Rules and Regulations for the internal Government of the said Bridewell or Workhouse, and to alter and amend the same as they shall see fit, which Rules and Regulations the said Keeper,

Clerks, and other Servants shall punctually observe and obey; and the said Keeper or Clerk is hereby required to keep a Book, wherein shall be inserted the Name of every Person confined within the said Bridewell or Workhouse, and the Crime for which he or she is committed, the Time they are to be confined, and the Name of the Baillie by whom the Warrant of Commitment is granted and signed, the Work, if any, executed during such Confinement, and the Price or Money arising and received therefrom by the Person authorized to receive the same, with the Name of the Person or Persons by whom such Price or Money is paid, which Book shall at all Times be open for the Inspection of the Baillies and Commissioners; and the Persons confined in the said Bridewell or Workhouse shall he employed at such Work as they shall be found best qualified to perform, during the respective Periods of their Confinement.

[Loco/.] 16 Z XCVIII. Pro.

1470

Rights.

Offenders may be committed to BridewelU

Procedure to be of a summary Nature, without written Pleadings.

commit Vagabonds, &c.

Power to banish in certain Cases.

4" GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxxi.

XCVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall affect, diminish, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, Authorities, or Provisions contained in or granted by an Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for erecting a Bridewell for the County of Lanark and City of Glasgow.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, by Common or Statute Law, any Offender is liable to be committed to a Gaol or House of Correction, or to hard Labour, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, to commit such Offender to the Gaol of Glasgow or to the said Bridewell, if the same be erected as aforesaid, and failing the Erection thereof, to the Bridewell of the City of Glasgow, or to the Bridewell of the County of Lanark at Glasgow; and the Warrants of the said Baillies, or any One of them, shall be effectual beyond the Boundaries of the said Barony, in so far as regards the Committal of any Offender or Offenders to the said Gaol, or to either of the said Bridewells, or to their Liberation therefrom, or to the bringing back of any Offender or Offenders within the said Boundaries, who may have been committed by the said Baillies for Examination or otherwise, or who may have escaped from Justice; and the Officers of Police and other Officers of the Barony shall have Power to execute such Warrants beyond the said Boundaries, so far as regards any such Offender or Offenders: Provided always, that in so far as regards the Committal of any Offender to the Gaol or Bridewell of the City of Glasgow, the Concurrence of the Magistrates of the said City, or of any One of' them, shall be previously obtained.

C. And be it further enacted, That all Prosecutions against Offenders for Crimes committed within the said Barony, where the Punish, meet shall not exceed Thirty Days Confinement in Bridewell, or the Fine to be imposed shall not exceed Two Pounds Sterling, the Procedure against such Offenders may be of a summary Nature, without any written Pleadings; it being hereby provided, that a Record shall be kept of the Charge and of the Judgment pronounced against such Offenders.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, to commit Idlers, Vagabonds, Public and Sturdy Beggars, and all Persons who have no settled Place of Residence, or follow no lawful Employment, to the said Bridewell or Workhouse, if erected as aforesaid, or to the Bridewell of the City of Glasgow, or to the Bridewell of the Lower Ward of the County of Lanark, built or to be built at Glasgow, to be kept at hard Labour for a Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

CII. And be it further enacted, That when any Offender or Offenders shall have suffered Imprisonment in either of the said Gaols or Bridewells for the Space of Sixty Days, and shall be afterwards found guilty of any Offence under this Act, and further, when such Offender or Offenders has or have no fixed legal Residence within the said Barony, nor any visible lawful Means of Subsistence, the Proof as to both which shall rest with the said Offender or Offenders, it 8 shall.

1471

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Xxa.

shall, iti such Circumstances (but not otherwise), be lawful for the said Magistrates, or any One of them, to banish the Offender or Offenders from the said Barony for a Space not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, under Certification, that if he, she, or they shall return to the said Barony previous to the Expiration of the said Term of Banishment, he, she, or they shall again be committed to either of the said Gaols or Bridewells for a Space not exceeding Sixty Days, and under the further Certification that he, she, or they shall be thereafter again banished, after having suffered this Imprisonment from the said Barony, till the original Term of Banishment is fully expired, if any Part of it be not elapsed.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all Offences, Matters, and Actions to be Things falling under this Act, shall be judged of and determined by Jg^]^s°^by the said Baillies, at the Instance of their Procurator Fiscal, to whom the Iiistouco it shall be competent to bring Actions and Prosecutions; and that of the Procu-in all Actions and Prosecutions brought by him accordingly, and rator Fiscal, whether concluding for Fines, Penalties, or Damages, Imprisonment or Banishment, when such Fines, Penalties, or Damages shall not exceed Five Pounds Sterling, or where such Imprisonment shall not exceed Sixty Days, or where such Banishment shall not exceed Twelve Calendar Months, the Procedure against Offenders shall be of a summary Nature, without any written Pleadings or Record of Evidence, it being hereby provided that a Record shall be preserved of the Charge and of the Judgment pronounced.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That where Fines, Penalties; For- Where Pe-feitures, and Damages decerned for by virtue of this Act, shall not naltiesare exceed Two Pounds Sterling, and the Manner of levying or recovering of which is not otherwise herein-before directed, it shall and may be im-may be lawful for the said Baillies or any One of them, and they or prisoned, any One of them are hereby empowered, in case the Offender or Offenders shall not immediately pay the Sums decerned for, to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless such Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Damages, and the Charges incurred in levying and recovering the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and further, that when Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Expences decerned for, shall exceed the Sum of Two Pounds Sterling, and the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not otherwise herein-before directed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies or any One of them, and they or any One of them are hereby empowered, in case the Offender or Offenders shall not immediately pay the Sum* decerned for, to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison for any Time not exceeding Sixty Days, unless the Sums of Money so decerned for, and the Charges incurred in levying and recovering the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

CV. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising from Money the Labour and Work of the Persons confined in any one of the arising from Bridewells or Workhouses aforesaid, shall be applied by the said their Labour, Commissioners, first in defraying the Expence of his or her Boarding be and Keeping therein, and the Surplus, if any, shall go towards de- PP

fraying

1472'

Purchase Money of

Grounds, how to be defrayed.

Power to

borrow

Money.

Penalty on Persons har bouring Rogues, &c.

Baillies may grant Licences for selling Ale, &c.

44 G. 3. c. 55

55 G. 3.

Licences of Tippling Houses may be forfeited;

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

fraying the Charges and Expences incurred in erecting the said Bridewell or Workhouse, or, failing such Erection, to the general Purposes of this Act.

CVL. And be it further enacted, That the Purchase Money of the said Grounds, and the Expence of erecting the said Bridewell or Workhouse and other Buildings, if it shall be necessary to erect the same within the said Barony, shall be defrayed from the Funds to be levied under this Act.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby empowered to borrow any Sum or Sums not exceeding Three thousand Pounds Sterling, for the Purpose of obtaining this Act, purchasing the said Grounds, and erecting the said Bridewell or Workhouse, and other Buildings, and to assign over the Rates and Assessments hereby granted to any Person or Persons from whom such Money may be borrowed, as a Security for the same.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons within the said Barony shall knowingly permit or suffer any idle Rogue or Vagabond to lodge or take shelter in any House, Bam, or Outhouse belonging to him, her, or them, and shall not apprehend and carry such Rogue, Idler, or Vagrant before one of the said Baillies, or give Notice to some Constable or other Officer so to do, every Person so offending, upon being lawfully convicted thereof, by his or her own Confession, or by legal Evidence before One or more of the said Baillies, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling for each Offence; one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Baillies, or any One of them, shall have the sole Power, and they or any One of them are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to grant Licences to such Persons as to them shall seem proper, for selling Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors within the said Barony, and in Terms of and according to the Regulations and Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually preventing the Sale of exciseable Liquors in Scotland, by Persons not duly licensed, and for altering the Times of granting Licences to sell such exciseable Liquors by Retail; and of one other Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties on Licences granted by Justices of the Peace for selling Ale, Beer, and other exciseable Liquors by Retail, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

CX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies or any One of them, and they or any One of them are and is hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought before them, all Persons keeping Tippling Houses,

particularly

1473

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

particularly on the Sabbath Day, or other Houses resorted to by riotous or disorderly People, and upon Complaints being established against such Person or Persons to that Effect, either to declare the Licence or Licences of such Person or Persons for selling Ale or Spirituous Liquors to be forfeited; or to require such Person or Per- or Keepers to sons to find Security for his, her, or their good Behaviour, for such , in Length of Time and to such Extent, not being less than Ten Pounds Sterling, and not exceeding Fifty Pounds Sterling, as they shall judge proper; and in the Event of such Security not being found within a reasonable Time, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, to deprive such Person or Persons of his, her, or their Licence or Licences for selling Ale or Spirituous Liquors; and in the Event of the said Persons, or any One of them, selling Ale or Spirituous Liquors, not being duly licensed in Terms of Law, it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates, or any One of them, before whom they are brought, to award against the Offender or Offenders a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be levied from such Offender or Offenders, and applied in manner herein-af'ter directed.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That all Brokers or Dealers in Brokers to Second-hand Goods, other than licensed Pawnbrokers, resident within fj^leegr ir the said Barony, shall be bound to register their Names and Places a^h^Ponc, of Residence, and of Business, at the Police Office of the said Barony, office, where they shall obtain a Certificate under the Hand of any One of the said Baillies, of such Registration; and all such Brokers and others failing to register their Names and Places of Residence as aforesaid, shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That all Brokers or Dealers in Brokers to Second-hand Goods or Metals, of whatsoever Kind or Description, shall, at all reasonable Times, shew and produce, on Demand, to the i>emand Master of Police, the Officers acting under him, or other Officers authorized by the said Baillies, or any of them, all and every Article or Articles in his, her, or their Possession, or which he, she, or they may have received in pawn or purchased, and shall also produce his, her, or their Book or Books in which the Description of any such Articles may have been entered; and as often as it shall be found that any Goods or Articles which have been stolen or fraudulently obtained shall be in the Possession of any such Persons, they are hereby required, on being informed that such Goods or Articles were stolen or fraudulently obtained, to deposit the same with the said Master or other superior Officer of Police, in order that they may be produced in such Manner as may be necessary for the Ends of Public Justice, or restored to the proper Owner or Owners thereof; and every Person so dealing in Second-hand Articles, who shall refuse to produce and shew the Goods or Articles in his or her Possession, or the Book or Books in which the same are described, on being required so to do as aforesaid, or who shall not instantly deliver any such Goods or Articles, stolen or fraudulently obtained as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, upon Conviction before the said Magistrates,

[Local.'] 17 A or

1474

Police Office, &c. to be purchased, built, or rented.

Bail may be taken in certain Cases.

Prisoners may be remanded, and kept in Police Office till Caution.

Bonds of Caution, when to be

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxxi.

or any One of them; such Forfeiture to be recovered and applied in manner herein-after directed, and without Prejudice to such Persons being also proceeded against as Receivers or Resetters of stolen Goods, according to Law; and in case of any such Refusal to produce and shew such Goods or Articles in their Possession, or to deliver up any such Goods or Articles alledged to be stolen, it shall be lawful for "any of the said Baillies to grant a Warrant to the said Master of Police, the Officers acting under him, or other Officers authorized by the said Baillies, to search for and produce to the said Master of Police such Goods or Articles so alledged to be stolen: Provided always, that a Book shall be kept by or under the Direction of the saici Master of Police, in which Entries shall be made of all Property seized or detained by any of the Officers of Police, or lodged with them for Purposes or Evidence or otherwise, as well as of the Time and Manner in which such Goods shall have been afterwards disposed of.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Convenience of the Public, and in order to the Purposes of this Act being more readily carried into Effect, the said Commissioners shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized to purchase, build, or rent Lands, Tenements, and Apartments in such convenient Situations within the said Barony as they shall agree upon, to be used as a Police Office or Offices, Watch House or Watch Houses, where the Master or Superintendent of Police, or other confidential Officer, shall be in attendance at such Hours, and with such Assistants, as the said Commissioners shall appoint, in order to receive Communications and Complaints, written or verbal, and to receive and detain, for Examination before the said Baillies, or any One of them, all Persons charged with Crimes, Misdemeanors, and Offences, and apprehended by virtue of this Act.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Apprehension of any Person or Persons as aforesaid, who shall be legally entitled to be liberated upon Bail, it shall be lawful for the Master or superior Officer of Police upon Duty at the Time, and he is hereby empowered, in absence of the Baillies, to accept of sufficient Bail by Bond or Pledge for such Person or Persons, to an Extent not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling, and to liberate such Person or Persons accordingly.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That where the said Baillies, or any One of them, shall find it necessary to remand any Prisoner or Pri-, soners for affording Time to find Caution, or for further Examination, it shall be lawful to detain such Prisoner or Prisoners in the Police Office until such Caution can be found, or until such further Examination takes place; such further Examination always taking place as soon as Circumstances will permit, and without any unnecessary Delay.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Offender or Offenders shall have found Caution for good Behaviour, or for keeping the Peace, and shall commit a new Offence or Offences, inferring io For-

4° GEORGII IV. Cup. lxxi.

Forfeiture of said Caution, it shall be lawful to order the Cautioner or Cautioners to be cited to make Payment of the Sum or Sums contained in the Bond or Bonds of Caution, within the Space of Forty-eight Hours, and in default of instant Payment, after the Lapse of the said Space, to declare the Sum or Sums in such Bond or Bonds of Caution to be forfeited, which shall thereupon be recoverable by a Precept to be issued by any of the said Baillies upon Induciae of Ten Days; and upon Failure of Payment, it shall be lawful to grant Warrant for the Poinding and Sale of the Defaulter’s Goods and Effects for the Sum or Sums so forfeited, and the Expences of such Poinding and Sale; and upon Certificate of the Poinding Officer of there not being a Sufficiency of such Goods and Effects, the Cautioner or Cautioners may be imprisoned by Warrant of any of the said Baillies, in the Gaol or Prison of Glasgow or of Gorbals, for a Space not exceeding Thirty Days; and after the said Imprisonment, no further Procedure against the Cautioner or Cautioners shall be competent on the Bond.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be competent to the said Baillies, or any One of them, to bring Actions against the said Commissioners, or to the Commissioners for the Time being, or a Majority of them, to bring Actions against their Predecessors before any competent Court in Scotla?id, in case they shall embezzle, squander, or misapply any of the Funds vested in them by virtue of this Act, provided that such Action or Actions shall be commenced within Fifteen Calendar Months after the Offence prosecuted for shall be alledged to have been committed.

CXVII F. And, in order to prevent vexatious Prosecutions, be it further enacted, That in the Event of any such Actions being ill-founded, the Judge before whom they may be brought shall decern against the Pursuers thereof, for the whole Charges necessarily incurred in defending such Actions.

CXIX. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Superintendent of Police, or other Officers appointed to put this Act in Execution, be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Superintendent of Police, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons, who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them to the Police Office of the said Barony.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Baillies shall and they are hereby empowered in all Cases to decern, not only for the Expence of any Works or Operations, or of any other Expences, Sums of Money, Damages, or Penalties under the Authority of this Act, but also for the Costs of Suit.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, from Time to Time to mitigate and lessen any of the Forfeitures or Penalties incurred under this

1475

forfeited, and

Penalties

recovered.

Actions by and against

Commissioners.

For preventing vexatious Prosecutions.

Casual Offenders to be taken up.

Baillies may decern for Costs of Suit.

Power to mitigate Penalties.

1476

Penalties how to be

To be sued for within Three Calendar Months.

No Action to be commenced against Commissioners after Three Calendar Months.

Children of Parents confined in Gao), &c. not to acquire a Settlement.

Power to make Byelaws.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.\xx\.

this Act, to any Sum not less than One-third of the said Forfeitures and Penalties, besides the Expences and Charges of suing for the same.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That the whole of the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures herein-before authorized to be levied, shall, after deducting the necessary Charges of recovering the same, be paid to and make Part of the Funds to be applied under the Direction of the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of this Act, excepting as herein specially before provided.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions for recovering any of the Forfeitures and Penalties imposed by virtue of this Act, shall be commenced within the Space of Three Calendar Months from the Time the F’acts by which they are incurred shall have been committed, and if not commenced within the aforesaid Space, the Person or Persons who shall have offended shall not be liable to be prosecuted thereafter.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Process shall be commenced against the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons, for any thing done in the Execution of this Act, after Three Calendar Months from the Time the Facts are discovered or known; and the Defender or Defenders in such Action or Process may produce this Act, and plead that the said Things were done by authority and in virtue thereof; and if they shall appear so to be done, then and in that Case the said Defender or Defenders shall be assoilzied from such Action or Process, and the Pursuer or Pursuers in such Action shall be found liable to pay the said Defender or Defenders the whole Expences of Process incurred by him or them.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or other Proceeding of the said Baillies, it shall only be lawful for him, her, or them to appeal to the first Circuit Court of Justiciary to be held at Glasgow thereafter, and the Appellant or Appellants shall find Security, and observe the other Requisites of the Law relative to Appeals to that Court.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Children born of Parents confined in the Gaol or Bridewell, or of Parents who have been admitted into the Infirmary, or into any Lying-in Hospital, or into any Charitable Institution, shall by such their Birth acquire a legal Settlement within the said Barony, unless they have in other respects a legal Right to such Settlement.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That a Majority of the said Commissioners present at any Meeting called for that Purpose, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to make Rules, Regulations, and Bye-laws, for the better Execution of this Act, for removing Obstructions, and preventing Nuisances of every Kind on the Foot Pavements, Streets, and other Places within the said Barony;

and

1477

4 GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxi.

and in general for all other Purposes connected with the Preservation of Peace and good Order, and the general Safety and Comfort of the Inhabitants, and from Time to Time, as occasion may require, to repeal, add to, amend, and alter such Regulations, or any of them, and to enforce the same by such pecuniary Penalties as they shall think proper, not exceeding in any Case the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and recovered in manner hereinbefore directed: Provided always, that Ten Days previous Notice shall be given of every such Meeting, by Advertisement in the Glasgow Newspapers, specifying the Bye-laws and Regulations proposed to be made thereat; and that none of the said Regulations shall become valid or take Effect until they be ratified and confirmed by the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, as Baron and Superior of the Barony, registered in the Police Books, printed and circulated, and painted on a Board in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and put upon the most conspicuous Place of the said Barony, which from Time to Time shall be renewed and replaced when and as often as the same shall be altered, obliterated, or defaced; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull down, damage, or deface any Copy or Copies so fixed up, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings: Provided also, that such Rules, Regulations, and Bye-laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that P^rt of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, or any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act 5 and it shall be competent to any Person or Persons who may be thereby aggrieved, to appeal against the same to the First Circuit Court of Justiciary to be held at Glasgow thereafter,

CXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, abridge, or diminish any Rights, Privileges, Jurisdictions, or Powers, which now belong to and are enjoyed by the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, by the Sheriff' and Justices of the Peace of the County of Lanark, or by the said Baillies, or by the Baillie on the River and Firth of Clyde, in virtue of former Acts of Parliament, Royal Charters, or immemorial Usage; and particularly the Rights, Privileges, Jurisdictions, and Powers which now belong to and are enjoyed by the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, Baron and Superior of the said Barony, who shall have full Power to nominate and appoint the Baillies of the said Barony, the Clerks and Procurator Fiscal of the Courts of Bailliary and Justiciary in the said Barony, and the other Officers of the said Courts, in as full and ample a Manner as they did or could have done previous to the passing of this Act.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Charges incurred in applying for and obtaining this Act, and in erecting and maintaining the aforesaid Bridewell or Workhouse, and other Buildings, with Interest from the respective Periods of advancing the same, shall be defrayed out or the Monies arising from the Assessments aforesaid, by equal Portions, during the Continuance of this Act.

Saving of Rights to the Magistrates of Glasgow.

Expence of Act.

1478

Sheriffs, &c\ to be aiding in putting this Act in Execution.

Public Act,

Continuance of the Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Caja.lxxi.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Judges, and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and ail other Officers and Executors of the Law whatsoever, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in putting this Act in due and lawful Execution.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Parts of this Act which relate to the laying on and levying the Assessments hereinbefore directed, appointing a Master of Police, Officers, Clerks, Collectors, and Watchmen, dividing the Barony into Districts and Wards, and appointing Commissioners of the said Wards, shall continue in force for Fourteen Years from and after the passing thereof and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, but all the other Parts of this Act shall be perpetual.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823. i i

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for lighting the Town and Burgh of Paisley, and Suburbs and Places adjacent, with Gas, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS the Burgh of Paisley, and the Abbey Parish of Paisley, Suburbs thereof, and Places adjacent thereto, are large and populous, and it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof, and to the Public at large, if the Streets, Squares, Market Places, public and private Passages, Roads, and other Places, and their Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, public Works, Manufactories, and other Buildings, were better lighted : And whereas Inflammable Air or Gas, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, Essential Oil, Pyroligneous Acid, Charcoal, and other Products, may be procured from Coal, Oil, Tallow, Tar, Peat, Turf, Rosin, Wood, and other Inflammable Substances: And whereas the said Inflammable Air, being conveyed by means of Pipes, may be safely and beneficially used for lighting the several Streets, Squares, Market Places, public and private Passages, Roads, private Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, public Works, Manufactories, and other Buildings, within the said Burgh of Paisley and Abbey Parish of Paisley, and Places aforesaid; and the Coke may be beneficially employed as Fuel in private Houses and Manufactories; and the said Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, Essential Oil, Pyroligneous Acid, Charcoal, and other Products to be pro-\Local.~\ ij B cured

1478

Proprietor*.

incorporated.

Company may contract for the Purchase of Lands, &c.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii.

cured from Coal, Oil, Tallow, Tar, Peat, Turf, Rosin, Wood, and other Inflammable Substances, may be used and applied in various other Ways, with great Advantage: And whereas the several Persons herein-after named are willing and desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, to effect the Purposes aforesaid; but the same cannot be carried fully and completely into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Ludovic Hous-toun, John Blackburn, James Carlile, Robert Farquharson, Matthew Boyd, William Gilmour, John Maxwell, James Buchanan, William Lowndes, James Thomas Murray. Alexander Gardner, John Scott, William Waterston, John Wylie, Robert Muir, Robert Cochran, John Orr junior, Joseph Twigg, Robert M'Kecbnie, James Stewart, George Miller, James Lamb, Campbell Snodgrass, David Wallace, John Bell, and James Jackson, and all and every such other Person or Persons, and such Bodies Politic and Corporate or Collegiate as have already become Subscribers, or from Time to Time shall become Subscribers to and be duly admitted Members of the Company after mentioned, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assignees, shall be and they are hereby declared to be One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of " The Paisley Gas Light Company," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and the said Company shall be established for the Purpose of producing Inflammable Air for lighting the said Burgh of Paisley, and Abbey Parish of Paisley, and Places aforesaid, and shall have Power to sell and dispose of such Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, Essential Oil, Pyroligneous Acid, Charcoal, and other Products to be procured from Coal, Oil, Tallow, Tar, Peat, Turf, Rosin, Wood, and other Inflammable Substances, in the Process of making such Inflammable Air; and shall have full Power to purchase and possess Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages to them and their Successors or Assignees, for the Use of the said Undertaking $ and also to erect, make, and complete and maintain all Buildings, Works, and Operations necessary or proper for the said Undertaking, but for no other Use or Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered, as often as it may be necessary, to contract and agree for the absolute Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages within the said Burgh of Paisley, or Abbey Parish of Paisley, or Places aforesaid, with any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations, Companies, Heirs of Entail, Life Renters, Fiars, Husbands, Married Women, Trustees, Tutors, Factors Loco Tutoris, and Curators, and with all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, who shall be willing to sell the same for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; provided always, that the Land so to be acquired shall not exceed Five Acres in extent; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to hold such Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so purchased, without incurring or being subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of any Law or Statutes whatsoever.

6

4° GEORGII IV. C«/>.lxxii.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations, Companies, Heirs of Entail, Life Renters, Fiars, Husbands, Married Women, Trustees, Tutors, Factors Loco Tutoris, and Curators, and all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, who is, are, or shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, sell, and convey the same, and every Part thereof, unto the said Company of Proprietors; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons whomsoever, so conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for what they shall respectively do in relation to any such Sale, which he, she, they, or any of them shall make by virtue of and in pursuance of this Act; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances of any such Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages, to the said Company of Proprietors, may be made in the Form or to the Effect following j videlicet,

I A.B. in Consideration of the Sum of

1 A to me paid, [or in Consideration of the Annual Rent of

* to me to be hereafter yielded and paid by Yearly or Half-yearly Payments,

* as may be agreed upon] by the Company of Proprietors of the Paisley ‘ Gas Light Company, do hereby sell, dispone, and convey to the said

* Company, all [describing the Premises to be conveyed], and all my Right, ‘ Title, and Interest to and in the same, and every Part thereof; to hold

* to the said Company and their Successors for ever, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act"]. In witness whereof, I have subscribed these Presents, consisting of this and the preceding Pages of Paper, stamped according to Law,

* written by at upon the

‘ Day of in the Year before these

‘ Witnesses and /

Which said Conveyance, being registered in the General Register of Sasines for Scotland, or in the Register of Sasines of the Shire in which the Premises conveyed shall be situated, and which the respective Keepers of the said General Register, and of the Registers for such Shire, are hereby authorized to register, shall receive the same Effect, and be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if a formal Disposition had been executed, and followed by Charter and Sasine, according to the Form of the Law of Scotland, any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Originals of all such Conveyances shall be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, who, and the respective Keepers of the said Registers of Sasines where the same shall be registered, shall from Time to Time, when requested, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the same, and shall have and receive Sixpence for every One hundred Words of each such attested Copy, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life Rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, Married Woman,

Pupil,

1479

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to sell.

Form of Conveyance.

Application of Compensation Money when exceeding 200/.

1480

When under 2002. and above 20/.

4° GEORGII IV. lxxii.

Pupil, Minor, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, Royal Bank of Scotland, or British Linen Company, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Directions and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages standing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed or settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, who may be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors, Factors Loco Tutoris, or Curators, incase of Pupilarity, Minority, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into any of the said Banks, and be placed to his, her, or their Accounts as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Three Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Four or more of the said Committee of Management, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising therefrom, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii. 1481

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money WJ,en under so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee of Management, or any Four or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Pupilarity, Minority, or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors, Factors Loco Tutoris, or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any where there Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any is a question-Money to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, Royal Bank of Scotland, or able Title, British Linen Company, under the Direction and by the Authority of the

Court of Session, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any be deemed Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest entitled, in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Rents and Profits thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in the Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages to be purchased with such Money, and also the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so purchased, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate, Right, Title, or Interest therein.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of

of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, may\^al-entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased under lowed by the the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be re- Court, quired to be paid into the said Court of Session, and to be applied to the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the

like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Prices and other Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Prices and other Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purchases as the said Court shall direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money On Payment

which may be contracted or agreed to be paid by the said Company for of Purchase any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages for the Uses and Purposes of the ^e'

said Company, to the Party or Parties respectively entitled to the same, v^sted^n the or their Agents, or upon Payment thereof into any of the aforesaid Banks, Company.

CLocal1] iy C for

1482

Company may sell Lands, &c. not wanted.

Proprietors may raise Money not exceeding 16,0002.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii.

for the Purpose of being disposed of in manner herein-before directed (as the Case may be), and a Receipt or Receipts, Certificate or Certificates obtained for such Payment or Payments, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law or Equity of the Party and Parties and Person and Persons respectively, to whom or to whose Use the same shall be paid, in, to, or out of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, shall vest in the said Company and their Successors for ever, for effecting the Uses and Purposes of this Act, who shall hold the same, and all Right or Interest therein purchased as aforesaid, without incurring or being subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statute of Mortmain, or of any other Law or Statute whatsoever; and the said Company shall immediately thereupon be deemed in Law to be in the actual Right, Seisin, or Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest in the Premises had actually and formally made over, conveyed, and assigned the said Lands, Tenements, and Heritages unto the said Company.

X. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors under the Provisions of this Act may purchase Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages, which may be afterwards found not necessary or not wanted to be immediately used for the Purposes thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee of Management of the said Company of Proprietors, by and with the Advice and Consent of any General Meeting to be held in Manner herein-after directed, for and in Name and Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors again to sell, assign, convey, transfer, or feu to any Purchaser or Purchasers, Feuar or Feuars, such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or any Parts or Portions thereof, and that in such Manner and at such Price or Prices, or for such annual Feu Duties, and after such previous Intimation, as the said Meetings may appoint; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, by a Quorum of their Committee of Management, to grant and subscribe Dispositions, Procuratories of Resignation, Precepts of Sasine, Charters, or Feu Rights, to such Purchaser or Purchasers, Feuar or Feuars, according to the Form of such Deeds prescribed by the Law of Scotland, in the same Manner as if the Proprietors of the said Company had been publicly entered and infeft according to the Law of Scotland; and such Deed so to be granted shall be valid and effectual to the Receivers thereof, and shall be admitted, acknowledged, and confirmed by the Superiors and others concerned, any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; but the said Company of Proprietors shall not be authorized to purchase any Lands in lieu of those which they may so dispose of.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to raise a competent Sum of Money for erecting, making, completing, and maintaining the Buildings, Gasometers, or Reservoirs of Gas, Pipes for conveying the Gas, and all other Works, Conveniences, and Operations belonging or requisite thereto, as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Sixteen thousand Pounds Sterling, which Sum of Sixteen thousand Pounds Sterling, or so much thereof as shall be raised, shall be divided into Shares of Five Pounds Sterling each; and that the said Shares shall be and are hereby vested in the several Persons, Bodies

5 Politic,

1483

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii.

Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so raising and contributing the same, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assignees, who have already subscribed or shall severally subscribe for one or more Share or Shares towards completing and maintaining the said Undertaking; and the foresaid Persons or Bodies shall severally be entitled to and receive, after the said requisite Works and Conveniences shall be completed, and after a Sum of not less than One-tenth Part of the free Profits shall be accumulated in manner herein-after mentioned, as a Fund for answering Contingencies, the entire and net Distribution of an equal proportional Part, according to the Money so by them respectively contributed, of the Profits and Advantages which shall and may arise and accrue from the Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company by the Authority of this Act; and every Body Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Person and Persons, having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the same, in manner herein directed and appointed.

XII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That the said Com- PoJvers no1 pany shall not be authorized to exercise any of the Powers granted under cised tlu^" this Act, until the said Sum of Sixteen thousand Pounds Sterling shall 16,000l. are have been subscribed towards the Purposes thereof, including any Sums subscribed, already subscribed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to The Company and in the Power of the said Company of Proprietors, or of the Com- may borrow mittee of Management for the Time, by and with the Advice and Direc- Money not tion of any General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, to 4*000/ borrow and take up in Loan, at such Rate of Interest as may be agreed on, but which shall not exceed the legal Rate of Interest for the Time, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Four thousand Pounds Sterling in the whole, for the Use and Behoof of the said Company, and for the same Purposes as the Company are hereby authorized to raise among themselves the said Sum of Sixteen thousand Pounds Sterling, and to grant, execute, and deliver to, and in favor of the Lender or Lenders, or those having Right, such Bonds, Obligations, or other Deeds in Writing as may be required, binding the said Company for Payment of the Sum or Sums so borrowed with Interest; and it shall and and convey may be lawful to and in the Power of the said Committee of Management, the Works with such Advice and Direction, to assign and convey the said Under- ,n Securlty-taking, and the whole Estate, Property, and Profits thereof, in Security of such Sum or Sums so raised upon Loan, in the Form or to the Effect following; videlicet,

virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Form of Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of Conveyance.

* this Act"], we, the Paisley Gas Light Company, incorporated by the

‘ said Act, do hereby acknowledge to have borrowed from A. B, the 6 Sum of which Sum we are by these Presents

bound to repay to the said A, Bor his Executors or Assignees, upon

* Day of next, with Interest of the said

Sum at the Rate of

Day of

per Centum per Annum, from the until the said Day of Payment, and

14$4

Conveyances to be regis-

Book.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii.

‘ and thereafter until Payment is made; and in further Security of the 4 Payment of the said Sum and Interest, we hereby assign to the said 1 A.B. and his foresaids, the whole Property, Estate, and Effects of us ‘ the said Paisley Gas Light Company, and the whole Rates and Profits

* arising and payable to us by virtue of the said Act, with Power to the said A. B, and his foresaids to possess the said Property, Estate, and 4 Effects, and Rates and Profits thereof, until the said Sum, Interest thereon, 4 and all just and necessary Expences to be incurred in the Premises, 4 are fully satisfied and paid. In witness whereof, these Presents written 4 on Paper, stamped according to Law, by C.D. are subscribed by a

* Quorum of the Committee of Management of the said Paisley Gas

4 Light Company, at the Day of

before these Witnesses and .’

Which Instruments, being signed by a Quorum of the said Committee of Management of the said Company, and being registered in manner after mentioned, shall be a valid Obligation on the said Company, and shall be a real and effectual Security over their Estate and Effects, and Rates and Profits, any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Sums of Money for which such Instruments are granted shall be preferable Debts upon the Estate and Effects, and Rates and Profits of the said Company, in a Competition with all others the Creditors of the said Company, or with the Proprietors of the said Company, or any of them; k being hereby provided, that the Sums so to be raised in Loan, if borrowed in Two or more Sums, shall not be preferable the one over the other, by reason of Priority of lending or otherways, but that the whole Sums so to be borrowed shall form one cumulative Security over the said Company’s Estate and Effects, and Rates and Profits; and the Person or Persons having Right to the several Sums so borrowed shall each be bound to account to the other for his or their Intromissions with the said Estate and Effects, and Rates and Profits, according to the several Sums due to each by the said Company.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Bond and Conveyance in Security to be granted by the said Committee of Management in manner before mentioned, for the Whole or any Part of the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds Sterling, shall be entered and registered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Company, who shall be bound to grant a Certificate of such Registration on every such Deed which shall be so registered, to which Book any Person interested shall at all seasonable Times have Access, and free Liberty to inspect and take Excerpts therefrom, upon Payment to the said Clerk of a Fee of One Shilling; and for the entering and registering of every such Bond and Conveyance in Security, the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and such Clerk is hereby required to make such Registration without any undue Delay, and within Three Days after the same shall be presented to him, under a Penalty of Five Pounds Sterling, to be forfeited to and recovered by the Holder of the Deed so presented; and the said Clerk shall from Time to Time, when requested, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the same, upon Payment of the Sum of One Shilling for every Page thereof containing One hundred and fifty Words.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii.

XV. And whereas the said Inflammable Air or Gas cannot be used for lighting the public Streets, Squares, Market Places, public or private Ways or Passages, Roads, and other Places and Houses, Shops, and Manufactories as aforesaid, unless such Inflammable Air or Gas be conveyed by Means of Pipes, to be properly laid for that Purpose from the Place or Places, and Building or Buildings, and Erections where the same may be made; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company and their Successors, and their Committee of Management, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered (subject to certain Provisions and Restrictions herein mentioned), by their Servants, Agents, Workmen, and others, from Time to Time, and at any Time, and as often as they may find it necessary for the Purposes of this Act, doing thereby as little Damage as may be, to break up any Part of the Causeway of the said Streets, the Side Pavements, and Soil under the said Pavements, Streets, Squares, Ways, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Burgh of Paisley and Abbey Parish of Paisley, and Suburbs and Places adjacent, and to dig and sink Trenches and lay Pipes under the said Streets, Side Pavements, Pavements, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places aforesaid, and put Stopcocks or Plugs, Syphons, or Water Traps, or Branches from such Pipes, in such Places and in such Manner as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, or supplying such Light as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall be obliged Twenty-four Hours before commencing such Operations, to give Notice in Writing to the Superintendent of Works, or such other Person as may be appointed for that Purpose by the Provost, Baillies and Council of the said Burgh of Paisley, for all such Places within the said Burgh of Paisley, or to the Commissioners of Police for the Time being, or their Superintendent, if the said Pipes are intended to be laid within the Bounds of an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, herein-after mentioned, lying within the Territories of the said Burgh of Paisley, or to the Convener of the Trustees on the Roads through which the said Operations shall be carried, for all other Places whatsoever, and at all Times and wherever situated, to the Proprietors or Possessors of the Premises where the said Operations are to commence and terminate : And provided also, that no public Streets, Roads or Highways, shall be broken up without the Consent of the Commissioners, Superintendent, or other Person or Persons under whose Care the same may be j and that no private Roads or Ways shall be broken up, or any Pipe or Pipes laid or carried in, through, over, or upon the same, without the Consent of the Owner and Owners, and Occupier and Occupiers thereof, in Writing.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Committee of Management, and Persons employed by them, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered from Time to Time (but always after such Intimation as aforesaid) to alter the Position of, and to relay, repair, and maintain such Pipes, Stop Cocks, Syphons, Water Traps, and Plugs or Branches from the said Pipes, and for these Purposes the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, are hereby authorized and empowered, under the Limitations aforesaid, to enter into and upon all Lands

[Local.17 D and

1485

Power to break up the Soil and Pavements of Streets, &c.

Notice to be given before commencing Operations.

Power to alter, repair, and maintain the Works.

1486

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii.

and Grounds, Highways, Roads, Passages* Streets, Lanes, Ways, Pavements and other Places, belonging to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, which the said Company of Proprietors shall think necessary for conveying Gas from the Place or Places, Building or Buildings and Erections where the same is made, to the said Burgh of Paisley and Abbey Parish of Paisley, or any Parts thereof as aforesaid, and to set out such Parts thereof as shall be necessary and proper for laying the said Pipes, and for constructing the Works and other Conveniences aforesaid; and also, after Intimation in Writing as aforesaid, from Time to Time to open, scour, cleanse, repair, maintain, enlarge, contract, and alter such Pipes, Works and Conveniences, or to make such additional Works and Conveniences as may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to bore, dig, cut, trench, sough, get, remove, take, carry away, and lay Earth, Clay, Stones, Soil, Rubbish, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters and Things, which may be dug or got in laying such Pipes, or in constructing such Works and Conveniences, or which may hinder, obstruct, or prevent the making, laying, or constructing the same, or the using, completing, enlarging and maintaining the same, and to use, exercise, and employ all necessary Ways and Means, and to erect and set up, by themselves, their Deputies, Servants, Agents and Workmen, any Machine or other Apparatus which may be necessary for supplying, conveying and bringing a sufficient Supply of Gas from the Place or Places, Building or Buildings and Erections where the same is made, into and through the said Burgh of Paisley and the Abbey Parish of Paisley, for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof, and for the Purpose of lighting the said Streets, Place or Places, Building or Buildings, and others aforesaid; and from Time to Time, after such Notice as aforesaid, to repair, maintain, support, continue and enlarge the same, according to the Tenor and true Intent and Meaning hereof; and from Time to Time to make, construct, erect, repair, and maintain Main Pipes, Rider Pipes, Head Pipes, Service Pipes, Branch Pipes of Lead and other Metals or Materials, Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Stop Cocks, Valves, Air Plugs, Syphons, Water Traps, and such other Works and Devices as they shall think proper; and for all or any of the Purposes of this Act to break up and remove the Soil, Posts, Kirbs, Bulk Heads, Bars, Sewers and Drains, (other than the public or common Sewers of the said Burgh and Parish) Pavements, and gravelled and other Ways of any of the present or future Roads, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, Alleys, public Courts, Footways, Closes and public Places, after the Intimation aforesaid, in such manner as they shall judge necessary for distributing and conveying such Gas to the respective Houses, Shops, Offices, Workhouses, Manufactories, Public Buildings and other Tenements of the Inhabitants of the said Burgh and Parish, and for lighting the Streets and other Places thereof: Provided always, that in breaking up and removing the aforesaid Soil, Posts, Kirbs, Bulk Heads, Bars, Sewers and Drains, Pavements, gravelled and other Ways, it shall not be lawful to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Committee of Management, to break up or remove to a greater Extent than One hundred and fifty Feet in Length thereof at any one Time; and that, during the Progress of the Work, such Opening shall be duly fenced, and in the Night-time that a Lamp shall be kept burning at each Extremity of the Opening or Obstruction, at the Expence of the said Company j and the aforesaid Soil, Posts, Kirbs, Bulk Heads, Bars, Sewers and Drains, Pavements, gravelled and other Ways so broken up 7 and

1487

4" GEORGII IV. C«p.lxxii.

and removed as aforesaid, or in anyway damaged by the said Company, shall in every case, with all convenient Speed, be laid down, replaced, and amended in good Condition and Repair, at the Expence of the said Company; and from Time to Time, as occasion may require, and after such Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to the said Company, their Committee of Management, or those employed by them, to alter the Position of, and to repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes, Stop Cocks, Air Plugs, Syphons and Machinery, and to do all other Acts, Matters and Things, which may be necessary or proper for making, completing, amending, repairing and improving, and for using the Works authorized to be done, for the Purposes and according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof; and further that it shall be lawful for the said Company, or those empowered by them, in the Event of any of the said Pipes or Works of the said Company bursting or giving way, or any other Accident taking place, by which Gas may escape, immediately and without any previous Notice, to repair such Injury; as also, in case of the said Gas escaping by the Pipes bursting, or other Accident, the said Company shall, after receiving Twenty-four Hours Notice of such Escape, be obliged to amend and repair the same, so as effectually to prevent such Gas from escaping; and the said Company of Proprietors making Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietors of, and all Persons interested in the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages respectively, which shall sustain Injury or Damage by reason of all or any of the Powers of this Act, in case such Injury or Damage shall arise; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company of Proprietors, and their Deputies, Servants, Agents and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue hereof, subject nevertheless to such Provisions and Restrictions as are herein contained : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize or empower the said Company, or their Successors, to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, from any Main or Pipe, against, into, or through any Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Shops, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, or private Grounds as aforesaid, or to continue the same when so carried or laid, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner and Owners and Occupier and Occupiers for the Time being of every such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Shops, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, or private Grounds as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases After Con-where any Consent is required to be, or shall be or have been obtained sent allowed by the said Company, to break up or take up or remove any Soil, Pitch-ings, Causeways, or Side Pavements in or of any Streets, Squares, High- Pavement? ways, Roads, Bridges, Ways, Footpaths, Lanes, Passages and Places in &c. no fur-the said Burgh and Parish, or Places adjacent thereto, in order to lay tl»er Consent down any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, to convey Gas, or for any other necessar)'-Purpose which may be required under this Act, nothing contained in this Act shall, after such Consent being once obtained, be deemed or construed to require the said Company to obtain any further Consent for repairing or relaying such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, or from breaking or taking up or removing any Pavement, Soil, or Ground for any Purpose which may be required under this Act.

1489

Penalty on the Company if Escape of Gas is net stopped after Notice.

Power to carry Pipes across the River White Cart.

Conveyance of aste Liquids.

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxxn.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or set up by the said Company, in pursuance of this Act, the said Company shall at their own Expence, after receiving Notice in Writing, to be left at their Office, or usual Place of transacting their Business, by any Inhabitant or Person whosoever, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Company shall not, within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice in Writing being given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent such Gas from escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of Complaint, then and in every such case the said Company shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each and every Day, after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of receiving such Notice, during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid; which Penalty shall be recoverable in a summary Way, on the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Provost and Magistrates of the said Town and Burgh of Paisley, or any One of them, not being Members of the said Company, or before the Sheriff Depute of the County of Renfrew, or his Substitute, as the Case may require, and shall and may be recovered, with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, by Warrant of any such Provost, Magistrate, Sheriff Depute or Substitute as aforesaid, to be granted in like Manner and subject to the like Provisions as are herein directed touching other Penalties to be recovered from the said Company.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized, for the Purposes of this Act, to carry a Pipe or Pipes either across the Bed of the River White Cart, or along the Bridges which are or may be built across the said River White Cart, within the Bounds comprehended under this Act: Provided always, that before carrying such Pipe or Pipes across any of the said Bridges, the said Company shall obtain the Consent in Writing of the said Provost and Baillies; and further, that the said Company shall not have a Right to carry any Pipe or Pipes along more than one of the said Bridges, at one and the same Time; and such Pipe or Pipes shall be so carried across the Bed of the said River White Cart, so as not to interfere with or interrupt the free Passage of the River.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to make such Sewers or Cuts of such Breadth, Depth and Dimensions, and in such Manner as shall be necessary, under the Streets, Squares, Ways, Roads, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places within the said Burgh of Paisley and Abbey Parish of Paisley, for carrying off the Washings or other Waste Liquors which may arise in the Prosecution of the Works aforesaid, the said Company doing as little Damage as may be in making the said Sewers or Cuts, and immediately repairing, at their own Expence, all such Damage : Provided always, that the Operations necessary for these Purposes shall be carried on in such Lines adapted to the Purpose, and according to such Dimensions as may be agreed upon between the Provost, Baillies and Council of the said Town and Burgh, or the Trustees on the Roads along or across which the said Sewers or Cuts may pass, and the said Company, and being conducted

under

1489

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii.

under the Inspection of the said Provost, Bailies, and Council and Trustees respectively: Provided also, that in no case any Communication shall be made between the said Sewers or Cuts, and the Common Sewers made or to be made in the said Town and Burgh, or Suburbs thereof, or any Sewers made or which may be made by Individuals communicating therewith.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Penalty on Company shall at any Time empty, drain, or convey, or cause or suffer to be emptied, drained, or conveyed, or to run or flow any Washings or other bashings Waste Liquids, Substances, or other Things whatsoever, which shall arise into any or be produced in the Prosecution of the Works of the said Gas Light River, &c. Company, or in the Process of obtaining the said Gas, which may be noisome or offensive in their Nature, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, or Springhead or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or do or cause to be done any Annoyance, Act, or Thing to the Water contained in any such River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder,

Pond, or Springhead or Well, Drain, Sewer, or Ditch, whereby the said Water, or any Part thereof, shall or may be soiled, fouled, or corrupted, then in each and every such Case the said Company shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered by summary Complaint in the Court of Session, and the whole of such Penalty shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same: Provided always, that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable, unless the same be sued for within Six Calendar Months from the Time that such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act or Thing, shall have ceased and determined : Provided also, that over and above and in addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, whether such Penalty shall have been sued for or recovered or not, in case any of the said Washings or other Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things, shall be emptied, drained, conducted or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid into any River, Brook or rnnning Stream, or any Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, Springhead or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or any such Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the said Company, and the said Company shall not, within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice shall have been given to them as aforesaid, stop, hinder or prevent all and every such Washings, Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things from being emptied, drained, conducted or conveyed, or from running or flowing in manner aforesaid, and every such Annoyace, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act or Thing, from being done as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Company shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each and every Day such Washings, Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances or Things shall be so4emptied, drained, conducted or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be so done, or caused to be done as aforesaid; and such last-mentioned Penalty shall and may be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Informer, or to the Person or Persons who in the Judgment of the Magistrate or Sheriff Depute, or his [Local.'] 17 E Substitute

1490

Power to contract for supplying Gas.

46G. 3. C. 116.

Gas to be supplied cheaper than Oil Lights.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii.

Substitute before whom the Conviction shall take place, shall have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage, by any such Act so to be done or committed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company or their Committee of Management may and are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into Agreements or Contracts with the Commissioners appointed for executing an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and watching the Burgh of Paisley and Suburbs thereof, for improving and forming certain Streets, and erecting a Bridewell or Workhouse therein, and for regulating the Police and Markets, or with any other Person or Persons having for the Time the Controul, Direction, or Management of the said Burgh of Paisley and Suburbs thereof, or of the Bounds comprehended under this Act, or with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations or Companies, willing and desirous of contracting with the said Company of Proprietors for the lighting of the said Burgh of Paisley, and Abbey Parish of Paisley, or any Part thereof, or any of the Streets, Squares, public Market Places, Roads, or Manufactories, Breweries, or private Houses, or Places of public Exhibition, Shops, Houses, Counting Houses, or Warehouses, or other Places within the Burgh or Parish aforesaid, for Payment to the said Company of Proprietors, or such Person or Persons as may be appointed by them to receive the same, such Sum or Sums of Money for such Gas as shall be mutually agreed upon between them; and in case of Default in Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money so agreed to be paid as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to cause the Gas to be stopped from issuing or running into the House or Houses, Office, Work, or Manufactory, or public or private Buildings of every Person or Persons making such Default, by separating or otherwise cutting off the Pipe or Pipes conveying the said Gas to such Person or Persons; and if any Person or Persons shall lay or cause to be laid any Leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any Main Pipe or other Pipe belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, or any Pipe or Pipes communicating therewith, without having obtained the written Consent of the said Company, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling, for every Day such Pipe shall so remain.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and they are hereby directed and required to supply all the public Streets, Squares, Market Places, Roads, and Places in the said Burgh of Paisley, and the Abbey Parish of Paisley, and Places aforesaid or adjacent thereto, with Gas of such Quality as shall at all Times afford a cheaper and better Light than could be obtained from Oil; and every Contract or Agreement which shall be entered into for lighting with Gas any public Street, Square, Market Place, Road or Place by the said Company, shall contain a Clause, providing that it shall be obligatory on the said Company that such public Street, Square, Road, Lane, Passage, or Place, shall at all Times be better and more cheaply lighted with Gas by the said Company than the same could be done with Oil.

7

4" GEORGII IV. CapAxxii. 1491

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the branch Service Pipes or Service Pipes which shall be put up by the said Company for lighting

the Streets, Squares, and other public Places of the said Burgh of Paisley, wjtj, Gas. and Abbey Parish of Paisley, and Places aforesaid or adjacent thereto, any or either of them, under any Contract or Agreement with any Person or Persons, shall be kept fully charged with Gas, and the Stopcocks shall be so formed or turned as not to impede or prevent the said Branch or Service Pipes being completely filled with Gas during the Time the same shall be lighted.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Persons not Person or Persons supplied with Gas by virtue of this Act shall burn ^soiis a greater Number of Jets or other Lights than agreed on with the wilh Grs[ said Company, or shall supply any other Person or Persons whomsoever with any Part of such Gas, then and in every sush Case every Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered in manner herein-after mentioned j and it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to take off the Gas from the Premises of any Person or Persons so offending, notwithstanding any Contracts or Agreements which may have been previously entered into.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty for shall wantonly or maliciously hinder or interrupt the said Company of interrupting Proprietors, or their Deputies, Agents, Workmen or Servants, or any ^n^Work-of them, in doing and performing any of the Works, or in the Exer- men.3 cise of any of the Powers and Authorities conferred by this Act, or shall in anywise cause or procure the same to be done, every Person or Persons so offending shall each for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the Person or Persons by them authorized in that Behalf, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, and also the full Amount of the Damage which shall be sustained by such Hindrance or Interruption.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty for shall wilfully or maliciously break, throw down, damage, or destroy "jjur‘ngthe any Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, or destroy, or ’ damage, or injure any Engine, Pipe, Plug, or other Matter or Thing

which shall be made, provided, or procured for the Purposes of this Act, or the Materials used or provided for the same, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling for every such Offence, and also the full Amount of the Damage which shall be sustained thereby.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein No Person contained shall extend to charge or make liable any Person or Persons, answerable Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who is, are, or shall for .,nore than be a Proprietor or Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, or LeStocL^1 Contributor or Contributors thereto, or his, her, or their Real or Personal Estate, with any Debt or Demand whatever, due or to become

due from the said Company, beyond the Extent of his, her, or their Capital Stock or Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company;

any

1492 4° GEORGII IV. Cs/j.lxxii.

any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Shares to be

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and

Personal Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all

Estate. other Person and Persons of and in the said Works, or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and be transmissible as such, agreeable to the Law of Scotland.

Proprietors

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Body Politic, Corpo-to have Votes rate, or Collegiate, and every Person who shall by virtue of this Act the Number ^ave subscribed or undertaken for Four or more Shares in the said of their Undertaking, and his, her, or their respective Successors, Executors, Shares. Administrators, and Assignees, present at the stated General Assemblies, and Special General Assemblies, to be held as herein appointed, shall for Four Shares have One Vote, for Ten Shares Two Votes, for Twenty Shares Three Votes, for Forty Shares Four Votes, and for Eighty Shares and upwards, Five Votes; and every Person who shall be entitled to vote as aforesaid, and who cannot attend such Assemblies personally, shall be entitled to vote by Proxy, such Proxy being himself a Proprietor of at least Four Shares in the said Undertaking, and his Appointment to be made by a Letter or other Writing under the Hand of the Person so appointing him; but no Proprietor of less than Four Shares shall be entitled to vote for himself or herself, or as a Proxy for any other Proprietor; and every Question, Matter, and Thing which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered at such Assemblies of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Votes by Proxy then present, computing the Votes as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever Two or more Persons, or any Company or Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall be jointly possessed of or entitled to Four or more Shares in the said Undertaking, such Proprietors shall be entitled to vote by the Person whose Name shall stand first in the Books as Proprietors of the said Shares, or by a Proxy appointed by him as aforesaid; and when any Company, or Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall be possessed of or entitled to Four or more Shares in the said Undertaking, such Company or Body shall be entitled to vote by their known Manager, Treasurer, Cashier, or Secretary, or by a Proxy appointed by the Person holding any of these Offices.

How Joint Proprietors or Bodies Corporate

Places of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the stated General Assem-8en°blies^S" ^‘es Special General Assemblies shall be held in Paisley j and that at . all and every such stated General and Special General Assemblies the

theVEx- Part‘es composing them shall pay their own Expences, the Hire of the pences. Room in which the Meeting shall be held only excepted.

other General

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly

Assemblies. or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, for putting this Act into Execution, shall be held at Paisley as aforesaid, upon the Third Monday after the passing of this Act, at Noon, and all future General Assemblies of the said Company (except such Special General Assemblies as

herein-

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii.

1493

herein-before mentioned) shall be held on the Third Monday of June in every Year, at the Hour of Twelve at Noon; of all which General Assemblies, Fourteen Days previous Notice at the least shall be given by public Adveriisement, mentioning the Place and Hour of Meeting, in One or more of the Newspapers usually published in Glasgow, or in One or more of the Newspapers which may be published in Paisley, in the Event of any such being published.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear Meetings of that for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution, a Special Proprietors Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors is necessary to be holden, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Ten or more of the said Proprietors who may be collectively possessed of or entitled to a Seventh Part at least of the Shares of the Capital Stock of the said Company for the Time, or any Three of the Committee of Management for the Time, who shall be appointed as herein-after mentioned, upon specifying in a Writing subscribed by them the Purport thereof, to require the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors to call such a Meeting, and the said Clerk shall thereupon convene such Meeting, by giving at least Fourteen Days Notice thereof by Circular Letter to each Shareholder, sent through the Post Office, and by Advertisement to be inserted in One or more of the Newspapers usually published in Glasgow, or in One or more of the Newspapers which may be published in Paisley in the Event aforesaid, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors or the Committee of Management shall at any Time direct and appoint, specifying in such Circular Letter the Reason and Intention of requesting such Special Meeting, and the Time when and Place where the same is to be holden; and if the said Clerk shall neglect or refuse to call such Special Meeting as aforesaid, when so required, it shall be lawful for any Ten or more or the said Proprietors who may be collectively possessed of a Seventh Part at least of the Shares of the said Capital Stock to call such Special Meeting, giving Fourteen Days Notice thereof in One or more of the said Newspapers, and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice; and such of them as shall be present personally, or by Proxy, shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers conferred by this Act on the said Company of Proprietors with respect to the Matters so specified only; and all such Acts of the Proprietors, or of the major Part of them, according to the Number of Votes which they may be entitled to as aforesaid, shall be binding and conclusive upon the rest of the Members to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be as valid and sufficient with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice, as if the same had been done at any Annual General Meeting, and shall be observed and acted upon accordingly; and that all such General and Special Assemblies of the said Company of Proprietors, the Governor of the said Company, and in his Absence the Deputy Governor, shall preside j and if the Governor and Deputy Governor shall not be present, then the Director present whose Name shall stand first in the List of Directors shall be Chairman of such Meeting; and failing any such, a Person to be named by the Majority of the Meeting > and such Chairman shall not only be entitled to vote as aforesaid as a Proprietor or Proxy, but in case of an Equality of Votes, shall have a decisive or casting Vote.

*7/

1494

Purchasers to be in Possession of their Shares Six Months before they can vote.

Appointment of Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxit,

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons, or Body Corporate or Politic, who shall purchase any Share or Shares in the Joint Stock of the said Company, shall be admitted to vote in respect of the same, until such Person or Persons, or Body Corporate or Politic shall have been in Possession of such purchased Share or Shares for the full Term of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Date of registering the Transfer thereof in the Books of the said Company; but this Provision shall not operate to prevent or hinder any Person or Persons from voting immediately after the same shall have been registered for or in respect of the Share or Shares which shall devolve to him, her, or them, by Marriage or Succession.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That Ludovic Houston of Johnston, Esquire, shall be Governor, and Robert Farqubarson shall be Deputy Governor, and William Waterston, James Buchanan, John Orr, James Wylie, John Bell, Joseph Twigg, George Miller, James Jackson, William Gilmour, and Alexander Fullarton, shall be Directors of the said Company, and shall constitute a Committee of Management of the Concerns of the said Company; and that John Blackburn, James Thomas Murray, John Maxwell, Andrew Mitchell, William Lowndes, William Fulton, Campbell Snodgrass, Robert M'Kechnie, James Stewart, and Robert Cochran, shall be extraordinary Directors of the said Company, until the General Meeting of the Proprietors of the said Company, to be held upon the Third Monday of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, when a Governor, Deputy Governor, and Ten Directors, who shall constitute the Committee of Management, and Ten extraordinary Directors, shall be chosen for the following Year, and so on upon the Third Monday of June in every Year thereafter: Provided always, that no Person shall be qualified to be Governor of the said Company, who shall not be possessed of Twenty Shares, or be Partner of a Company or Corporation holding Twenty Shares; or Deputy Governor, who shall not be possessed of Ten Shares, or be Partner of a Company or Corporation holding Ten Shares j or Directors, who shall not be possessed of Five Shares each, or be Partner of a Company or Corporation holding Five Shares in the Stock of the said Company j nor shall any Person be qualified to act as extraordinary Director of the said Company, who shall not be possessed of Four Shares in the Stock of the said Company; and in the Event of any of the said Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directors disposing of their Stock, so as to cease to be possessed of the respective Qualifications aforesaid, such Persons shall no longer be entitled to act in the official Situations which they hold in the said Company; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the rest of the Committee of Management, if they see proper, to nominate another Person, qualified as aforesaid, in the Room or Stead of every Member who shall become disqualified to act, or who shall die or refuse to act, or cease to be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking to the Extent aforesaid, or become Bankrupt j and every Person so nominated by the said Committee of Management, shall have the like Power and Authority as if he had been nominated by the said Annual General Meeting; but no Person who shall be concerned or interested in any Contract or Contracts with the said Company, other than for supplying his Premises with Gas as aforesaid, shall be a Member of the said Committee, or hold any Place or Office of Trust under the said Company.

9 XXXVlfl. And

4° GEORGII IV. CupAxxu.

1495

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better Manage- Meetings of merit of the Affairs of the said Company, it shall and may be lawful for th.e Con\-the said Committee of Management for the Time being, and they are ^.^ent. *" hereby authorized from Time to Time to assemble and meet together at any Place or Places in Paisley, or in the Abbey Parish thereof, for the Direction and Management of the Affairs of the said Company; and that at such Meetings of the said Committee of Management, the Governor of the said Company, and in his Absence the Deputy Governor, shall be Chairman; and if the Governor and Deputy Governor shall not be present, then the Director present whose Name shall stand first in the List shall preside; and that any Four or more Members of such Committee, but not less, shall be a sufficient Number or Quorum to constitute a Meeting for the Purpose of doing all the Act3,

Matters, and Things, and exercising all the Powers and Authorities vested in such Committee j and that all Questions, Matters, and Things which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered by the said Committee of Management at their Meetings, shall be decided and determined by the Majority of Members then present; but no Member shall have more than One Vote at any such Meeting, save and except that in case of an equal Division, the Chairman, besides his deliberative, shall also have a casting Vote: Provided always, that if, on the Day appointed for any such Meeting of the Committee of Management, there shall not attend so many Members of such Committee as are hereby required to constitute a Meeting for exercising the Powers hereby vested in such Committee, then and in such Case, and when and so often as the same shall happen, the Meeting shall be adjourned to any future Day fixed by the Member or Members, or Majority of them then present; or if no Member shall be present, by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place, written or printed Notice of the Meetings or adjourned Meetings of the said Committee of Management being always given to the Members thereof:

Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee of Management to appoint any of their Members, not less than Three, as Sub-Committees for particular Purposes, for the better attending to and transacting the Business of the said Company, and subject to the Approbation of the said Committee of Management or their Quorum, before specified.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Committee for the said Committee of Management, and they are hereby authorized of Manage-from Time to Time to nominate and appoint a Treasurer, and One or ,nent. more Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Duties, Penalties, and "£rps°mt other Sums of Money which may be payable to the said Company of Pro-

frietors, and also a Clerk to the said Company, who shall be a different 'erson from the Treasurer, and such Engineers, Surveyors, and other Officers, as the said Committee shall think proper and expedient, for the better carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, the said Committee of Management always taking good and sufficient Security, and to such Extent as they shall think proper, from every such Treasurer, Collector and other Officer appointed to receive Money, or who shall have the Care or Custody thereof, for the due accounting for all such Monies with which they may be entrusted, and for the faithful Discharge of the respective Trusts reposed in them, and also from Time to Time to discharge

1496

and settle Accounts annually.

Clerk and Treasurer

same Person.

Provision for Contingencies and Division of Profits.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii.

charge and dismiss any such Treasurers, Collectors, Clerks, Engineers, Surveyors, or other Officers, and appoint others in their Stead, as often as the said Committee of Management shall think fit j and that all such Treasurers, Collectors, Clerks, Engineers, Surveyors, and other Officers of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall at any Time quit or be dismissed from the Service of the said Company, and the respective Executors or Administrators of those who may happen to die, shall immediately thereupon produce and deliver up to the said Committee of Management, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall direct and appoint, all Books, Accounts, Writings, and Papers whatsoever, which may be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurers, Collectors, Clerks, Engineers, Surveyors, or other Officers, Executors, or Administrators respectively, in anywise relating to the said Undertaking; and the said Committee of Management shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to balance, or cause to be balanced, the Books of the said Company, as at the First Day of May in every Year, the First Balance being made on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, or at such other Period of each Year as any General Annual Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors may from Time to Time appoint; and the same being so balanced, shall be examined, docqueted, and signed by the major Number or Quorum of the said Committee of Management, and shall be produced at the General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, to be held upon the Third Monday of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, and every Year thereafter, so that any of the Proprietors attending the said Meeting may have an Opportunity of inspecting the same; and the Books of the said Company shall be patent and open for the Inspection of all the Proprietors for One Calendar Month subsequent to the said Third Monday of June in each Year as aforesaid, or for such longer Period as may be appointed by the said Company, or by the Committee of Management.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk of or other Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Company; and if any Person shall act in both Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk of or other Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of such Treasurer, shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any Treasurer shall hold any Place of Profit or Trust under this Act other than that of Treasurer, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, in the same Way in which any of the Penalties by this Act imposed may be sued for and recovered.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That such a Sum as the said Committee of Management shall think proper, not being less than One-tenth Part of the yearly free Profits to arise from the said Undertaking, shall be set apart and be accumulated until the same shall amount to :v • One

1497

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii.

One thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, as a Sum for answering Contingencies; and the said Committee of Management are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall see Cause, to continue to set apart and augment the said contingent Fund in manner aforesaid, until the same shall amount to any Sum not exceeding Three thousand Pounds Sterling; and such Sum or Sums, so set apart from Time to Time, and accumulated as aforesaid, shall be lodged or invested in Government Securities, or lent out at Interest upon such Security as may be approved of by any General Meeting of the said Company; and the Dividends or Interest arising from the said accumulated Fund of One thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, or other Sum, if increased in manner aforesaid, as well as the whole yearly Profits to arise from the said Undertaking, shall be divided among the several Proprietors of the said Company, according to the Share or Shares which they severally held in the said Undertaking; but if from any Accident which may happen to the said Undertaking, the said Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof so set apart, shall be required for the Purposes aforesaid, no Dividend to a greater Extent than Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Sums advanced by the several Members of the Company toward? the said Undertaking, shall be made of the Profits to arise from the saAie, until the Part thereof which shall have been so expended shall be replaced by a Share of the annual Profits set apart in manner before directed, or until another Sum or Sums of Money to the Extent aforesaid shall be set apart as aforesaid; and no Dividend shall be paid in respect of any Share or Shares, unless the whole Calls which have been made for Money on account of such Share or Shares, as herein-after provided, shall have been fully paid.

And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management Committee shalniave full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, at any of their of Manage-Meetings aforesaid, to make such Call or Calls for Money from the se- make Calla veral Subscribers to and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in order to for Money; defray the Expences of or of carrying on the same, as they shall from Time to Time find wanting and necessary for these Purposes, until the Sums subscribed are fully paid, but no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Centum, for or in respect of every Share in the said Undertaking, and so that no such Calls be made, but at the Distance of One Calendar Month at least from each other, and so that Fourteen Days previous Notice at least shall be given of every such Call, by a Circular Letter to each Proprietor, transmited by Post or otherways j all which Money so to be called for as aforesaid shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, to be issued, paid, and applied for carrying on the said Undertaking, in such Manner as the Committee of Management shall from Time to Time order and direct; and that and contract the said Committee of Management shall also have full Power and Autho- forandpur-rity, on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, to contract for and c iaie an 8 purchase all such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages as the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized to purchase, and all Materials and other Things as shall or may be wanted for the said Undertaking, and the Works hereby authorized to be made; and also to sell and dispose of such Lands, Tenements, Heritages, Materials and others, if they shall see Cause; and to treat and agree with all and every Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic, or Corporate, or Collegiate whomsoever, touching the Compensation to be made for any Damages to be done in the Exercise of the \Local.~\ ly G Powers

1498

Proceedings to be entered

Committee may make Rules and Bye-laws.

Appeal from Bye-laws.

4- GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii.

Powers hereby given, and to enter into and make such Contracts and Agreements with any Contractors, Agents, Workmen, Servants, or other Persons, in and about or for the carrying on of the said Undertaking and Works, or any Part thereof, as they shall think proper; and to order and direct how the several Works shall from Time to Time be carried on, and generally to direct and manage all and sundry the Affairs and Business of the said Company of Proprietors, and to do, execute, and perform all Acts, Matters, and Things which the said Company are by this Act authorized to do, save and except such only as are hereby expressly directed to be done by the Proprietors at large, at any Meeting or Meetings of such Proprietors, to be held as herein mentioned.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management shall enter or cause to be entered in Books to be provided for that Purpose, at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, a full and true Account of all Money subscribed, of all Payments made by such Committee, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, and of all Monies that shall be paid to or received by them respectively, for or on account of the said Company; and also a full and true Account, or proper Notes and Minutes of every Contract, Bargain, and Agreement, which shall be entered into by them respectively, for or on behalf of the said Company, and of all and sundry their respective Orders, Transactions, and Proceedings whatever in and about the Affairs and Business of the said Company; but that no Money shall be issued or paid by the Treasurer of the said Company, for or on account of the said Company, otherwise than in such Manner as shall be directed by the Committee of Management for the Time.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall also have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to make such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws as to them shall seem meet and proper, for the good Government of the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors, and for regulating their own Proceedings, as well as the Proceedings of all Deputies, Officers, Servants, and Workmen to be employed in and about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, and for the orderly Behaviour of all Workmen and other Persons who shall be employed in or about the said Undertaking, and for their Superintendence in all respects whatever, and for the well and orderly using of the said Undertaking, and the Pipes and Works thereto belonging, and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, or any of them, and to make others, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines upon all such Persons employed by the said Company offending against such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, or any of them, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for any one Offence, as to the said Committee of Management shall seem expedient: Provided, that such Rules, Orders, and Byelaws be not repugnant to the Law of Scotland, or to any express Directions and Provisions of this Act, or to any Contract or Agreement entered into between the said Company and Persons receiving Gas from them; and provided, that such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws shall be subject to the Review of any General Assembly.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order io or

1499

4‘ GEORGII IV. Cojo.lxxii.

or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any such Rule, Order, or Bye-law, may within Two Calendar Months next after any such Order or Judgment, or Determination, shall have been made or given, (first giving Ten Days Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the said Company for the Time, and to the Person or Persons against whom any Complaint is intended to be made), complain to the Sheriff Depute of the Shire of Renfrew, or any one of his Substitutes who shall hold their Court in the said Town and Burgh of Paisley, or to the said Provost and Bailies of Paisley, who shall hear and determine the said Complaint; and the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitutes, or the said Provost and Bailies of Paisley may, if he or they see Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of any such Rule, Older, Bye-law, or Determination; and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as he or they may judge reasonable; and the Determination of such Sheriff Depute or his Substitutes, or Provost and Bailies, in any Action or Suit brought before him or them, shall be final and conclusive, and not subject to the Review of any Court or Courts whatever, any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Proprietor of any Share Proprietors or Shares in the said Undertaking shall from Time to Time pay his or glares when her Proportion of the Money so to be called for as is herein-before men- called on . lioned, into the Hands of the Treasurer or Collector to the said Company, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Committee of Management making such Call, and of which such Notice shall be given as is herein-before directed; and that if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their proportionable Part of the Money so to be called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place which shall be appointed for that Purpose in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Committee of Management to sue for and recover the same, with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Time appointed for the Payment thereof, in any competent Court in Scotland, or in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Case, as the Case may be; and in case any such Per- and if first son or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their propor-tionable Part of the Money so first to be called for as aforesaid, for the S;x Months, Space of Six Calendar Months after the Time to be appointed for Pay- Shares to be ment thereof as aforesaid, and the same shall not have been sued for by forfeited, the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, or if sued for shall not have been recovered by them, then and in such Case the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall absolutely forfeit all his, her, or their Share,

Part, and Interest whatsoever in the said Undertaking, and all Profit and Advantage thereof; and all Shares that shall and may be so forfeited shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, in Trust for and for the Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, or shall, at the Discretion of the Committee of Management of the said Company of Proprietors, be sold for the Benefit of the said Company by public Auction, for the most Money that can be got for the same; and in the Event that any Person or Persons paying such first Call as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their proportionable Part of the Money to be thereafter called lor as aforesaid, and for the Space of Six Calendar Months after the

1500

4° GEORGII IV. Cap,lxxii.

the Time appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and the same shall not be sued for by the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, or if sued for shall not be recovered by them, then and in such Case the Share or Shares shall and may be sold by the said Company or their Committee of Management by public Auction, for the highest and best Price or Prices that can be got for the same, every such Sale being advertised in some One or more of the Newspapers published in Glasgow or in Paisley (in the Event of any such being hereafter published therein); and the said Company of Proprietors, or Committee of Management, shall render an Account of every such Sale or Sales to every such Person or Persons when demanded, and paying to every such Person or Persons any Overplus of any such Price or Prices, after deducting all Interest and Charges, and such further proportionable Sum or Sums of Money which may remain due upon such Share or Shares, by such Person or Persons to the said Company of Proprietors; but no Advantage shall be taken of such Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in die said Undertaking as aforesaid, unless the same shall be declared at some General Meeting of the said Company, or at some Meeting of the said Committee of Management, which shall be held not earlier than Two Months next after the said Forfeiture shall happen; and that every such Forfeiture so to be declared shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assignees so forfeiting, against all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement between such Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assignees, and the said Company, with regard to the future carrying on and Management of the said Undertaking.

Directions

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in Actions brought by the said for Proceed- Company against any Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in tions fo^°" the sa^ "Cfider taking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and

Calls. payable to the said Company for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and allege, that the Defender or Defenders, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount to, for such and so many Call or Calls of such and so many Sum or Sums of Money upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defender or Defenders (as the Case may happen to be), whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the special Matter; and in such Action it shall only be necessary to prove that the Defender or Defenders, at the Time of making such Call or Calls, was or were a Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and such Call or Calls was or were in fact made, and that such Notice thereof was given as is directed by this Act, without proving the Appointment of the Committee who made such Call or Calls, or other Matter whatsoever; and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover the Call or Calls which shall appear due, and the legal Interest that may be due thereon, and the Expence of the Proceedings for recovering the same.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii. 1501

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Shares may several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective be sold* Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned; the Conveyance of which Shares may be in the Form and to the Effect following; videlicet,

I A.B. in consideration of the Sum of Form of

1 paid to me by C.D. do hereby sell, assign, convey, transfer, and Conveyance.

make over to and in favour of the said C.D. the Sum of

* Capital Stock of and in the Paisley Gas Light Company, being

* One Share \_or so many Shares, as the Case may be~\ in the said Under-‘ taking; to hold to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and

* Assignees, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions that 4 I held the same immediately before the Execution hereof; and I the said C.D. do hereby agree to take and accept the said Capital Stock,

‘ subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. In ‘ witness whereof we have subscribed these Presents, written by

* at the Day of before these

4 Witnesses and .*

And on every such Sale, the said Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or f ellers and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares), shall be kept by the Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Copy or Memorial or Specification of such Sale or Transfer, and have testified the Entry of such Copy or Memorial on the said Deed of Conveyance, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling shall be paid; and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry of such Copy or Memorial or Specification, and grant such Certificate thereof, without any undue Delay; and until such Copy or Memorial or Specification shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Right to draw any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor have any Vote in respect thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That after a Call of such Money Persons sell-shall have been made by such Committee as aforesaid, every Person and ing Shares all Persons selling or transferring any Share or Shares which he, she, or tiSfle* they shall possess in the said Undertaking shall, as well as the Person or for8uCh Call. Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall be sold, be liable in the Payment of every such Call, in the Manner directed by this Act, unless such Person or Persons so selling or transferring shall, at the Time of such Sale or Transfer, have paid and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon such Share so sold and transferred.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Ma- Names of nagement shall and they are hereby required to cause the Names and Proprietors Designations of the several Persons who shall be entitled to Shares in the J° en" said Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares, and also the proper Certificates Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and delivered, distinctly entered in a Book to be kept by their Clerk, or other Officer [Locali] 17 H appointed

1502 4° GEORGII IV. Ca/j.lxxii.

appointed by them for that Purpose; and after such Entry to cause the same to be signed by the Governor, or Deputy Governor, and Clerk, and shall also cause a Certificate signed by the said Governor, or Deputy Governor, and Clerk, to be delivered to every Proprietor on Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he, she, or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaidng; and such Certificate shall be admitted in all Courts whatever, as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assignees, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the Want of such Certificate shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from selling or disposing thereof.

Persons

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Bodies Politic, Corporate, and

whose Names Collegiate, and all and every Person and Persons whose Names shall at Company’s anY Time hereafter stand in the said Register Book, or List of Proprie-

Books as tors of the said Company, either as a Proprietor or Proprietors of One

Proprietors, or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, whether as Subscribers sudT deeme<i or as Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assignees of Subscribers, suc ’ shall be deemed and taken to be the Proprietors of the several Shares

standing in the said Book in their respective Names, and shall be subject and liable to the Payment of every Call or Calls made and to be made thereon, and to all Actions, Suits, Forfeitures, and Penalties, to which original Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking are made subject and liable by this Act; and that all Notices hereby required to be given, shall be given to the Party appearing by the said Register Book of the said Company, to be such Proprietor or Proprietors, or their Representatives, or left at his, her, or their last or most usual Place of Abode, be in all respects good, sufficient, and conclusive; and all Payments of Interest and Dividends due and to become due on such Shares, shall be made to such Persons as by the said Books of the said Company shall so appear to be a Proprietor or Proprietors thereof; and that no Assignment, Transfer, Conveyance, or Sale of any Share or Shares, or other Instrument giving Title to any Share or Shares, which shall not have been enrolled or registered as directed by this Act, shall be admitted as Evidence either to defeat any Action or Suit brought or to be brought by the said Company of Proprietors to recover the said Calls, or to entitle any Persons to recover any Share or Shares forfeited to the said Company of Proprietors, or to make the said Company of Proprietors liable to the Payment of Dividends to any other Person than such as appear from the said Book to be Proprietors of the said Shares j but that in all Cases the said Book shall be considered as sufficient and conclusive Evidence of the Proprietorship of the said Shares.

Property of

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of and in the said vestedTnThe Undertaking, and the Profits arising therefrom, after deducting the Money Proprietors. Wd out in obtaining and passing this Act, and in making the different Surveys and Plans of the same, and in paying the Price or Prices of the Lands and other Heritages to be acquired, and in making and constructing the Works authorized by this Act and all other incidental Expences whatsoever, touching or concerning the same in anyways howsoever, which shall be respectively borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, is and are hereby vested in the said Company of Proprietors, and the Members thereof shall severally and respectively be entitled thereto, io in.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii. 1503

in such Shares and Proportions and in the Manner prescribed by this Act.

LIII. And whereas the Rates or Sums of Money which will be pay- Directions able to the said Company of Proprietors for supplying Persons with Gas for ,jcover‘ as aforesaid, will in general be small, and if not regularly paid the Re- ,ng ate8‘ covery thereof by the common Mode of Procedure for the Recovery of Debts in Courts of Law will be attended with great Expence to those in Arrear; be it therefore further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or delay to pay the Rates or Sums of Money respectively due by them to the said Company of Proprietors, for being supplied with Gas or Inflammable Air as aforesaid, for the Space of Fourteen Days after the same shall have fallen due and been demanded from him, her, or them personally, by leaving a written or printed Requisition, signed by the Collector or Clerk of the said Company, at the House or Premises for supplying which with Gas or Inflammable Air the Rates or Sums of Money shall be due, it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Clerk to apply to the said Provost and Bailies of Paisley, or to the said Sheriff Depute, or any of his Substitutes of the Shire of Renfrew, for a Warrant to any one of the Officers of such Judges to enter into the Premises of the Person or Persons in Arrear, situated within the Bounds of their respective Jurisdictions, and to seize and take Possession of his, her, or their Goods and Effects, which Warrant the said Provost and Bailies, or Sheriff Depute, or Substitutes, are hereby directed to grant upon any Certificate or Roll, under the Signature of such Collector or Clerk, of the Names of the Person or Persons in Arrear, and Sums due by them respectively, he, she, or they being always duly cited by a written or printed Schedule left as aforesaid, to appear before the Judge to whom the Application is made, to state their Objections if they have any, to such Warrant being granted before the same shall be issued; and if the Sums respectively due by them, together with the necessary Expences of such Seizure, shall not be paid within Three Days thereafter, then it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the said Company forthwith to sell and dispose of the Goods and Effects of the Person or Persons in Arrear respectively, or such Part thereof as shall be necessary, by public Roup at the Cross of Paisley, or such other Place as may appear proper, and to apply the Price in Payment of the Rates or Sums of Money respectively owing, with the Expences of Procedure, and to return the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners, the Amount of the Expences being always ascertained by the Judge who shall issue the Warrant.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Actions or Suits relative to Where this Act, and all Fines, Penalties, Damages, and Expences relative to Pro- Actions are to perry within the said Burgh, shall be brought and sued for before the said be tried* Provost and Bailies of Paisley; and that all such Actions or Suits for or in regard to Property of any Description outwith the said Burgh, or which shall be at the Instance of the said Provost and Bailies as representing the Community of the said Burgh of Paisley, shall be brought and sued for before the said Sheriff Depute of the Shire of Renfrew or any of his Substitutes; and the Sentences of such Judges in such Actions or Suits shall be final and conclusive, and shall not be subject to Review of any Court whatever; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

1504 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii.

Application

LV. And be it further enacted, That all the Damages, Forfeitures, and of Penalties. penalties to be recovered under the Authority of this Act, in so far as relates to the Public Highways, Roads, or other Places without the said Burgh of Paisley and Suburbs thereof, and Places adjacent thereto, over which the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty extends, shall be applied in Aid of the Funds under the Management of the Trustees by whom the same are recovered j and all the Damages, Forfeitures, and Penalties which may be recovered for Neglect of Notice or Injury done to the Pavements, Streets, or other Places without the Territories of the said Burgh of Paisley (excepting private Property) over which the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty extends, shall be applied towards the Purposes of that Act; and all the Damages, Forfeitures, and Penalties which may be recovered for Neglect of Notice or Injury done to the Pavements, Streets, or other Places within the Territories of the said Burgh of Paisley (excepting always private Property as aforesaid) shall be applied towards the Funds for paving and repairing the Streets of the said Burgh of Paisley; and all the Damages, Forfeitures, and Penalties which shall be recovered under the Authority of this Act, by any Individual or Individuals, for Injury done to his, her, or their private Property, shall be applied to the Benefit of such Individual or Individuals; and all the Forfeitures and Penalties to be recovered under the Authority of this Act, by the said Company, after deducting the Expence incurred in prosecuting and recovering the same, shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act,

General

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons

Appeal. shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Remedy or Method of Relief hath been already directed and appointed, it shall and may be lawful for him, her, or them to appeal to the said Sheriff Depute, or any of his Substitutes, who are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Complaints of any Person or Persons so aggrieved; but the Person or Persons so appealing shall and they are hereby directed to give Notice in Writing, to the Defender or Defenders, of such their Intention of bringing or prosecuting any Appeal, Fourteen Days before the Day which the said Sheriffs shall fix for the Flearing thereof; and in case such Appeal shall be disallowed, the Complainer shall pay such Costs and Charges as the Judge shall direct in that Behalf, and the Determination of the said Sheriffs in such Appeal shall be final, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction.

How Notices

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where it may be roaybe requisite and necessary for any Person or Persons, Party or Parties, to Company. serve any Notice or Notices, Citation or Summons, or other legal Proceedings upon the said Company of Proprietors, the Service thereof upon any Two Members of the said Committee of Management for the Time personally, or on the Clerk of the said Company personally, or at the Office or Place of Business of the said Company, shall be good and sufficient Service of the same on the said Company of Proprietors.

4° GEORGII IV. Cffjo.lxxii. 1505

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Preservation shall extend or be construed to extend to take away, abridge, or diminish any Rights, Privileges* Jurisdictions, and Powers, which now belong to 0fPaisley; or are enjoyed by the Provost and Bailies, Treasurers, and Council of the said Burgh of Paisley, in virtue of former Acts of Parliament, Royal Charters, immemorial Usage, or otherways.

LiX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this and Com* Act contained shall extend or be construed to defeat, abridge, alter, missioners of obstruct, or in any Manner of way interfere with the Powers'and Autho- 0 lce’ c‘ rities of the Commissioners for paving or lighting the said Burgh of Paisley, and the Suburbs thereof, or their Successors, or any Person or Persons, of any Right which they or any of them at present possess, or of interfering with any Right which they or any of them may hereafter acquire of lighting the Streets with Gas Lights, or in any other Manner: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to defeat, abridge, alter, obstruct, or in any Manner of way interfere with the Rights of any Person or Persons, to make, enlarge, repair, or amend any Vault under any Street within the Town and Burgh or Suburbs thereof, or Places adjacent thereto : Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding .against the said Company of Proprietors, or against any of their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Servants, or Workmen, in respect of any Work of the said Company of Proprietors, or the Method Which shall be employed by them for furnishing such Light as aforesaid, as a public or private Nuisance, or from bringing any Actions against the said Company of Proprietors, or any of their Deputies, Agents, Officers,

Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works or Method of Light, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Nature of such Method of lighting, or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of the Persons who may be employed therein.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Pipes or other For Protec-Conduits to be laid or used for the Conveyance of Gas, in, under, through, tion of Water along, across, or round any Street, Square, Market Place, Passage, Road, PlPes* or other Place in the Burgh of Paisley, and the Abbey Parish of Paisley aforesaid, shall be so laid at the greatest practicable Distance, and whenever the Width of the Carriageway in such Street or Piace will allow thereof, at the Distance of Two Feet at least from the nearest Part of any Water Pipe already laid down for the Conveyance of Water, in, under, through, along, across, or round any of the said Streets, Squares, Market Places, Passages, Roads, or other Places aforesaid (unless in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to lay the Gas Pipes across any of the Water Pipes, in which Cases the said Gas Pipes shall be laid over and above the said Water Pipes at the greatest practicable Distance therefrom, and shall form therewith a right Angle) j and that in such Cases the said Gas Pipes so crossing the said Water Pipes shall be at least Six Feet in Length, so that no Joint of any of the said Gas Pipes shall be nearer to any Part of the said Water Pipes than Two Feet at least, and that in laying down the said Gas Pipes, the said Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall in no case join Four or more Gas Pipes together, previous to their being laid in the Trench, but shall lay each Pipe as near as may be in its Place in the Trench, and shall in such Trench properly [L<3cal.~\ 17 / form

1500

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxii.

form the Jointing with the other Pipes to be added thereto, with proper and sufficient Materials, and shall also make and keep all and every such Pipes, and all Pipes connected or communicating therewith, and all the Screws, Joints, Inlets, Apertures, or Openings therein respectively airtight, and in all and every respect prevent the said Gas from escaping therefrom.

[Public Act.]

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded. 11

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Sthahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 18'i!3.

11

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Mv

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Woolwich in the County of Kent.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS the Town of Woolwich in the County of Kent is populous, and the lighting the Streets and public Roads, Ways, Passages, Lanes, and Places therein, and the Suburbs and Vicinity thereof with Gas, would be of advantage to the Inhabitants thereof, and to the Public at large: And whereas Works have been erected in the said Town, in order to light the same, and the said Town is now partially lighted with Gas: And whereas certain Persons have already expended a considerable Sum in the Erection of the Works and laying down Mains and Pipes there for the Conveyance of Gas, and further Sums will be required to complete the same, and for the providing Coal and other Materials for better lighting of the said Town and the Suburbs and Vicinity thereof, and the Payment of the Expences of conducting the said Works for the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas many other Persons are desirous of joining the said Parties, and becoming Sharers in the said Undertaking, and contributing Sums of Money in aid of the Completion and carrying on of the same: But inasmuch as such Undertaking and Arrangement cannot be effectually carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Samuel Hardy, Frederick Hardy, Joseph Hedley, Francis William Vant, Joseph Wickenden, and all and every such other Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time [Local.] ly K become

Persons incorporated.

1510 4° GEORGII IV. C«/>.lxxiii.

become Proprietors of Shares in the Undertaking hereby established, as herein-after is mentioned, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall be and they are hereby united into a Company, and declared to be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of the c Town of Woolwich Gas Light Company,’ and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded at Law or in Equity, and shall and may prefer and prosecute any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall commit any Felony, Misdemeanor, or other Offence indictable by the Laws of this Realm, and shall by that Name be authorized and empowered to purchase Lands and Hereditaments for the Purposes of the said Gas Works, not exceeding Three Statute Acres, without being subject to the Penalties of the Statutes of Mortmain; and that the said Company shall be established for the Purpose of making or producing Gas, Inflammable Air, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, from Coal or other Materials, and of supplying the said Town of Woolwich, and the Suburbs and Vicinity thereof and Parts adjacent, with Gas or Inflammable Air, and of selling and disposing of the Coke and other Products of the Manufactory of the said Company, in such Way and Manner as the said Company or their Committee of Management may from Time to Time think proper.

Power to

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Company to Power to contract with any Commissioners, Trustees, Bodies Politic, the lighting Corporate, Collegiate, or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or Person or the Streets Persons whomsoever, who shall or may be desirous or willing to contract and Houses, or agree with the said Company for the lighting of the said Town, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any public or private Ways or Roads, Streets, Lanes, Buildings, Houses, Shops, Manufactories, Warehouses, or Premises within the Town or the Suburbs or Vicinity thereof and Parts adjacent.

Power to HI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act it contract for shall be lawful to and for the said Company, or their Committee of Ma-Pu'jchas nagement, to be chosen as herein-after is mentioned, and they are hereby Buildingsan<1 emPowere<^ to treat> contract, and agree for the absolute Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Town, or the Suburbs or Vicinity thereof or Parts adjacent, and the Freehold and Inheritance thereof, or any Estate or Interest therein, with any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Tenant or Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, or with any Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, Feoffees in Trust, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for himself, herself, or themselves, and also with all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or with any Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to sell the same, or his, her, or their Right and Interest in the same, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, provided that the Quantity of Land to be purchased as 9 aforesaid

toll

4° GEORG11 IV. Cap. lxxiii.

aforesaid shall not exceed Three Statute Acres; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money for the same respectively to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or into the Bank of England in manner directed by this Act (as the Case may be), the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid respectively, shall absolutely vest in the said Town of Woolwich Gas Light Company, and may be taken and used by them for the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Bodies for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate Politic and or Sole, and all Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or °^re^er' for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or powered to Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, sell. Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability of acting for himself, herself, or themselves, and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which the said Company are by this Act enabled to purchase for the Uses and Purposes thereof, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Company, or their Committee of Management, for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever of, in, and to the same, to the said Company for the Purposes of this Act; and all Contracts, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, without Fine or Recovery, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, and without Enrolment, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Possibility, Claim and Demand whatsoever of their said several Cestuique Trusts, and of all Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from, or under him, her, or them, or claiming or to claim in Remainder or Reversion expectant on any such particular Estate, or by way of executory Devise or springing Use, and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar all Dower and Dowers of any such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of any Person or Persons claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law; any Law, Statute, or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute, or determinable on any Life or Lives, and Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Person and Persons, is, are, and shall be indemnified for what he, she, or they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

1512 4° GEORGII IV. C«p.lxxiii.

Directing v. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be contracted of Purchase to Pa’^ ^or anY Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken. Money when or used by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong amounting to any Body Politic, Corporate, Collegiate or Ecclesiastic, Tenant for to 2001. and Life or in Tail, or for Years, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or upwards. Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex-parte ‘ The Woolwich Gas Light Company/ to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing and being settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking effect j and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application made thereto as aforesaid, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchastd, in case such Purchase or Settlement thereof were then actually made.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Body Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastic, Tenant for Life or in Tail, or for Years, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the

Application of Money when less than 200/. and exceeding 20/.

J513

4° GEORGII IV. Cup. lxxiii.

the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Cases of Infancy,

Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Person making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Committee of Management of the said Company (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends to arise thereon, or the Interest thereof, may be applied in manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so contracted and agreed to be paid, as last before mentioned, shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same 2o/. S

shall belong absolutely and be paid to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Ques- in case of tion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid questionable into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said J)t,e to l*‘e Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in pursuance of this gonstn’pos-" Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of session of the any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- Lands to be ments so purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to dee"ied en-be purchased with any such Monies, or to the Dividends or Interest of any con! such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pos- trary shall be session of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such shown. Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under

the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of Expences of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, en- Purchase

0«/.] 17 L titled Mone!'tobe

1514

allowed by Court.

Upon Payment of the Purchase Money, Premises to be vested in the Company.

Form of Conveyance.

Resale of Land not wanted.

4° GEORGII IV. C«p.lxxiii.

titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Bank of England, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses i{i pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of the Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money to be so contracted or agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Estate, Right, or Interest therein, to the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or their Agents, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, in manner herein directed (as the Case may be), all the Estate, Righr, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law or in Equity, of the Party or Parties, and Person or Persons respectively to whom or for whose Use or Benefit the same shall be paid into or out of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Company and their Successors for ever, for effecting the Uses and Purposes of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made to the said Company and their Successors, shall, except in the Case of Copy-holds, be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

4 T [or we, as the Case may be] of in Consideration of the Sum of to me [or us] paid by the Town of Woolwich Gas Light Company, established under an Act passed in the

* Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act 4 [here insert the Title of this Act], do hereby grant and release, [or assign,

4 as the Case may be] to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, all [here describe the Premises to be conveyed], and all my [or 4 our] Right, Title, and Interest in and to the same, and every Part thereof; 4 to hold to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors and ‘ Assigns, for ever [.r the Case may be] during all the Remainder of 4 my [or our] Term, Estate, or Interest in the said Premises. In witness 4 whereof, I [or we] have hereunto set my Hand and Seal [or our Hands 4 and Seals, or our Common Seal, as the Case may be] this

4 of in the Year of our Lord

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture or Indentures under their Common Seal to grant and convey all or any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which may have been so purchased or acquired, and which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Company j and upon Payment of the Purchase Money for the same, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Company to sign and give a Receipt or Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipt or Receipts shall be a sufficient Discharge or Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Money which shall be therein

1515

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiii.

and thereby expressed or acknowledged to be received, and such Person or Persons having paid the same, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

XIII. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors are enabled to pur- Restraining chase Three Statute Acres of Land by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes the Company thereof, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations 'l0 I)ur‘ -A-Sgregate or Sole, and all other Persons whomsoever, are empowered to ^Three*^ sell such Quantity or Number of Acres to the said Company : And whereas Acres of

it is expedient to restrain the said Company from selling any such Lands so Land from purchased from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corpo- ^ca^atated rations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other ersons’ c' Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert,

Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, and again purchasing other Lands from the same, or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands,

Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants,

Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, in lieu or stead of the Lands so sold; be it therefore enacted.

That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to purchase from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, more than such Three Statute Acres; and in case the said Company shall afterwards sell the ‘Whole or any Part of such Three Statute Acres so purchased, it shall not be lawful for the said Company to purchase of or for the same, or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert,

Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, to sell to the said Company any other Lands in lieu or instead of those Three Statute Acres, or any Part thereof, so sold or disposed of by the said Company.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Com- Power to pany hereby established, and their Successors, and they are hereby fully break uPtl,e authorized and empowered, by their Servants, Agents, Workmen, and R^ej^ynts others, from Time to Time, to make and erect such Retorts, Gasometers, pipes,\c. Receivers, and other Buildings, Cisterns, Engines, Machines, and other Apparatus, Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, Reservoirs, and other Works

1516

4° GEORGII IV. • Cffp.lxxiii.

Works and Devices, on the Lands taken or to be purchased or acquired by them by virtue of the Powers herein-before contained, and (with the Permission or Consent of the Owners and Occupiers, but not otherwise) and with the Consent of the Surveyor of the Highways for the Time being of the Parish or Place, or Person or Persons authorized by Law to repair, controul, or manage such Highways, and under their Inspection, to erect and fix Pipes against any Walls, or in Posts or Pillars in the Streets, and to break up the Soil, Pitchings, and Pavements of any of the Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways, Lanes, and Passages within the said Town, and to dig and sink Trenches and Drains, and to lay Mains or Pipes, and put Stopcocks, Syphons, Plugs, or Branches from such Pipes, in, under, across, and along the Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways, Lanes, and Passages, and from Time to Time to alter the Position of and to repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes, Stopcocks, Syphons, and Plugs or Branches; and also with the Consent and Permission of the Owners and Occupiers, to carry, fit up, and furnish any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or other necessary Apparatus, from any Main or Pipe laid in any Street, Road, or Highway, Lane, or Passage, by virtue of this Act, into or through any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting any public or private Lamp from any of such Mains or Pipes, and to erect, fix, and set up any Machine or other Apparatus necessary or requisite for securing to any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, a proper and competent Supply of Gas, or for measuring and ascertaining the Extent of such Supply; and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which shall have been so placed, which shall be injured or damaged, and to do all such Acts, Matters, and Things as shall from Time to Time be or become necessary and convenient for completing, amending, repairing, improving, supplying, and using the same, provided a proper Compensation be made for any Damage which may be done thereby : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Company, or any of their Servants, Agents, Workmen, or others, to enter into, or to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes in, over, or upon any private Lands, Grounds, or Premises, or to continue the same, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively.

Owners to

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time here-removePipes, after any such Owner or Occupier shall be desirous that any Pipe or Pipes ne^ectso'to may ^ave ^een kid with any such Consent as aforesaid, into or

do. through his, her, or their Dwelling House or Premises should be removed

and discontinued, and shall give or cause Notice thereof to be given to the said Company of Proprietors, and the said Company of Proprietors shall neglect to remove and discontinue such Pipe or Pipes, within Fourteen Days after receiving such Notice, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons into or through or against whose Dwelling House or Premises such Pipe or Pipes shall be laid, and he, she, and they are hereby authorized to remove and discontinue the same.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Company, or their Successors, to sink or make any such Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, and Reservoirs, in any Situation or Direction where the same can, shall, or may interfere with any present or future

public

Company not to make any Drains, &c. without Consent of the Occupiers,

&c.

1517

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiii.

public or private Drain, Sewer, or Well, nor to carry or lay any Pipes, Cocks, or Branches from any Main or Pipe, into or against any Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings as aforesaid, or to continue the same when so laid or carried, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner and Occupiers for the Time being of every such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings as aforesaid : Provided also, that all public Streets, Highways, Roads, Lanes, and Passages, shall only be broken up with the Consent of the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons having the Controul of the said Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways, Lanes, and Passages, and that all private Roads or Ways shall only be broken up with the Consent of the Occupier or Occupiers, and Owner or Owners of the Soil thereof respectively.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Company, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to break, take up, or disturb the Soil or Pavement in or of any Street, Road, Highway, Lane, or Passage within the Limits of this Act, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons in whom the Superintendence, Property, or Controul of any such Street, Road, Highway, Lane, or Passage, is by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, vested, under the Hand or Hands of their proper Officer or Officers.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company and their Successors shall at their own Expence, on the Expiration or Determination of the Tenancy or Tenancies of any Occupier or Occupiers giving Consent as aforesaid, or within Fourteen Days after the Expiration or Determination of such Tenancy or Tenancies, upon receiving Notice in Writing for that Purpose, for and on Behalf of the Owner or Owners, or the succeeding Occupier or Occupiers of any such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings as aforesaid, remove, take, and carry away, or cause to be removed, taken, and carried away, any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks, or Branches from any Main or Pipe which shall have been introduced or laid by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors in any such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings as aforesaid, pursuant to the Power for that Purpose herein-before contained, and*, repair and make good such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, where the same shall have been so introduced, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding } and in default thereof it shall and may be lawful to and for such Owner or Owners, or such new Occupier or Occupiers, as the Case may require, or any other Person or Persons acting under their, his, or her respective Authorities or Authority, to cause such Pipes, Cocks, or Branches to be removed, taken, and carried away, and the reasonable Costs and Charges for so doing the same shall be immediately paid by the said Company and their Successors, or their Treasurer for the Time being, to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, as the Case may require j provided nevertheless, that if such reasonable Costs and Charges be not paid within Seven Days next after Demand shall be made by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers (Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witness before

[Local.~\ 17 M One

To be subject to all Acts of Parliament relating to Roads.

Company to remove Pipes, &c. whenTenanta quit, if required.

1518

Company, &c. in laying Pipes, to make good the Pavement.

No Pipes of Communication to be laid without Consent of

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiii.

One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent), all such reasonable Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, and such Costs and Charges shall be paid to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, as the Case may require.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company in laying or repairing any such Mains, Pipes, Plugs, Cocks, Syphons, Branches, or other Apparatus, shall do as little Damage as may be, and shall forthwith fill in the Trenches and make good the Pavements and Roads, and carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby, and repair any Damage arising from any Drains, Sewers, or Cuts which may be made for the Purposes of this Act, without any Delay, and shall in the meantime fence or guard the Place or Places where any Ground shall be opened, and cause a Light or Lights to be fixed and remain during the Night, in such manner as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages : Provided always, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in filling in any such Ground, or removing Rubbish, or making good any such Pavements or Roads, or in case the said Trenches or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall not during such Time be properly guarded and fenced, or such Light or Lights be placed out and maintained as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Street or Place wherein such Negligence or Delay shall happen, or any other Person under his or their Authority, to fill in such Ground and remove such Rubbish, and to repair and make good the Pavement of any Street, Highway, Road, Lane, or Passage or Place so broken up, and properly to guard and fence every such Trench, and to place and maintain every such Light and Lights during the Night, as to him shall appear necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof shall be paid by the said Company or their Treasurer, to the said Surveyor; and in default of Payment thereof for Seven Days next after Demand shall be made by such Surveyor or other Person acting under his Authority (Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent), all such reasonable Costs and Charges, together with any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds by way of Penalty, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant such Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered to grant, and such Costs, Charges, and Penalty shall be paid to such Surveyor or Person acting under his Authority, and applied in the Repair of the public Highways within the Parish.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall lay or cause to be laid any Iron, Leaden, or other Pipe or Tube to communicate with any Pipe belonging to the said Company, without the Consent of the said Company under their Common Seal first had and

8 obtained.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiii. 1519

obtained, nor use Burners of larger Dimensions than he, she, or they the Com-respectively shall contract or pay for, or supply any Inhabitant or other Pany*

Person with any Part of such Gas, on Pain of forfeiting and paying to the said Company any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day such Pipe shall so remain, or such Excess be so committed, or such Supply furnished; every such Penalty to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to grant; and the Surplus after such Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found or such Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County of Kent, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall so think fit, also to take oft' the Gas from the House and Premises of the Person so offending, notwithstanding any Contract or Agreement which may have been previously entered into.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or Penalty for maliciously remove, take away, destroy, damage, or injure any Pipe, Post, wilfully Plug, Lamp, or other Apparatus, Matter, or Thing belonging to the said Company, or any Part thereof respectively, or shall wilfully or maliciously ,*)es’ c’ extinguish or put out any One or more of the public Lamps or Lights,

or wilfully or maliciously waste any of the inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, every Person so offending in any of the respective Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of One credible Witness before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, shall for each separate and distinct Act or Offence forfeit and pay to the aforesaid Company any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, and Three Times the Amount of the Damage to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices to be done; such Penalty and Damage, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Warrant of such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; or if it shall appear to the said Justice or Justices, either by Confession or otherwise, that the Offender or Offenders hath not any Goods or Chattels sufficient to levy such Forfeiture or Damage aforesaid, such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol of the County of Kent, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until such Forfeiture, Damages, and Costs shall be paid or tendered to the Keeper of the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the Use of the said Company.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Satisfaction carelessly or accidentally break, destroy, throw down, damage, or injure for accidental any Lamp or Lamps hung out, set up, or belonging to the said Company,

or

1520

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiii.

or any Pipe, Pedestal, Post, Plug, or other Apparatus, Matter or Thing belonging thereto or to the said Company, or shall not, upon Demand by the said Company or their Clerk or Superintendent, or other Person or Persons authorized by them, make Satisfaction for the Damage done, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place wherein the Offence shall arise, and he or they is and are hereby required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to summon before him the Party or Parties against whom such Complaint shall be preferred, and upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or on Nonappearance of the Party or Parties so complained against, to proceed ex parte, and to award such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction to the said Company, or to such other Person or Persons (as the Case may be and require), for such Damages, as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums so awarded within Seven Days after Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices or any one of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause the same to be raised and levied in such and the like Manner as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is by this Act directed to be raised and levied.

Penalty for

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hinder or interrupting interrUpt any Workmen or Servants of the said Company in doing or Workmen.9 performing any of the Works, or in exercise of any of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or shall in anywise cause or procure such Interruption or Hindrance to take place, and shall be thereof convicted before any Justice or Justices acting in and for the County wherein the Offence shall arise, either on Evidence or by Confession, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company any Sum to be adjudged by such Justice or Justices, not exceeding Forty Shillings, and such Sum so adjudged shall be recovered in like manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may by virtue of this Act be recovered, or the said Company may at their own Option sue for Damages sustained by them for such Hindrance or Interruption.

Gas to be

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the supplied said Company shall at any Time hereafter contract with any Person or cheaper than Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for lighting any of the Oil Light. pUbiic Lamps in any of the public Ways, Roads, Streets, or Lanes within the said Town or the Suburbs or Vicinity thereof, the said Company shall and they are hereby directed and required to supply such public Lamps which they shall so contract to light, with Gas of such Quality as shall at all Times afford a cheaper and better Light than could be obtained front Oil Lamps; and whenever the said Company shall fail so to do, the Power and Authority hereby given to the said Company further to break up the Soil or Pavement of any such public Street, Highway, Road, Way, Lane, Passage, or other public Place in the said Town or the Suburbs or Vicinity thereof, where such public Lamps shall be situated, shall from thenceforth during such Refusal cease and determine; and every Contract or Agreement which shall be entered into for lighting with Gas such public Lamps by the said Company, shall contain a Clause or Covenant providing that it shall be obligatory on the said Company

that

1521

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiii.

that such public Lamps shall at all Times be better and cheaper lighted by the said Company than could be done by Oil Lamps.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Branch or Service Pipes which shall be put down by the said Company for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and other public Places of the said Town, under any Contract or Agreement with any Trustees or Commissioners respectively, shall he kept fully charged with Gas, and the Stopcocks shall be so formed and turned as not to impede or prevent the said Branch or Service Pipes being completely filled with Gas during the Time the same shall be lighted.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be found to escape from any of the Pipes already laid down, or which shall be laid down or set up by the said Company in pursuance of this Act, the said Company shall at their own Expence, immediately after receiving Notice by Parol or in Writing of any such Escape of Gas, from any Person or Persons whomsoever, stop and prevent such Gas from escaping j and in case the said Company shall nor, within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice by Parol or in Writing being given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop up and prevent the Gas from escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of Complaint, then and in every such Case the said Company shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each and every Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of giving any such Notice, during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid; which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recovered and levied, with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, in the same Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed are directed to be recovered and levied.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Commissioners or Trustees, who shall contract with the said Company, or agree to take, or shall use or enjoy the Benefit of the said Gas in their private Dwelling Houses, Shops, Inns, Taverns, or other public or private Buildings or Manufactories, Grounds, or Premises, shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Seven Days after Demand, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money then due for the same to the said Company, it shall be lawful for the said Company or their Clerk or Superintendent, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant upon Confession or upon Proof of such Demand by the Oath of One credible Witness), to levy the said Sum or Sums of Money, in respect whereof such Refusal or Neglect shall happen, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, after the necessary Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale shall be first deducted: Provided always, that if at the Time of such Distress being made, any Rent shall be then due and in arrear to the Landlord of the Premises in which such Goods and Chattels shall be distrained, or any Part thereof, such Landlord shall have and

[Low/.] 17 N be

Service Pipes to be fully charged with Gas.

For preventing the Escape of Gas.

Remedy for Recovery of Rents.

1522

Capital Slock to be 12,000l.

Stock to be divided into Shares of 501. each.

Power to raise a further Capital of 3,000l.

Lands, &c. of Company answerable for their Debts.

To compel Payment of Subscriptions.

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxxiii.

be entitled to receive such or so much of the said Rent in arrear as the said Landlord would be legally entitled to receive in the Case of an Execution issued and levied under any Judgment entered up against the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of the said Premises, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise and contribute amongst themselves a Sum of Money, by way of Capital or Joint Stock, to be applied and used in establishing and carrying on the said Undertaking and the Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds; and that the said Company shall not be authorized to exercise the Powers granted by this Act, until the said Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed for that Purpose.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, to be subscribed under the Powers of this Act, shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds each; and that every Proprietor of a Share or Shares shall be entitled to and interested in the Capital Stock and Effects of the said Company, and the Profits and Advantages attending the same, according to the Number of Shares he or she shall hold; and that all Shares in the said Undertaking, and in the net Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and not of the Nature of Real Property, and shall be transmissible accordingly.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the aforesaid Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds shall be found insufficient for the Purposes of this Act, and carrying on the aforesaid Undertaking, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Shares and Proportions as they shall think proper, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Pounds; and every Subscriber towards raising such further Sum of Money shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by himself or herself, or by Proxy, in respect of his or her Shares in the said additional Sum so to be raised, and be liable to such Forfeitures, and stand interested in all the Profits and Advantages of the said Undertaking, in proportion to the Sum he, she, or they shall subscribe to the said Undertaking, as extensively to all Intents and Purposes as if such further or other Sum, hereby allowed to be subscribed for or raised, had been originally Part of the said Capital of Twelve thousand Pounds; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Hereditaments, Manufactories, Gasometers, Machinery, Apparatus, and Works, Goods, Chattels, and Effects of the said Company and their Successors, shall be subject and answerable for the just Debts, Liabilities, Engagements, and Demands of the Creditors of and Contractors of the said Company.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who shall subscribe for or towards the said Undertaking, or who shall at any Time hereafter have or hold any Share or Shares in the same, shall and they

y are

1523

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiii.

are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, or such Parts or Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for, pursuant to or by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the Committee of Management for the Time being herein-after mentioned; and in case any Person or Persons shall at any Time neglect or refuse to pay any such Sums of Money at such Times and in such Manner as shall be ordered or directed by the Committee of Management as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the same, by Action of Debt or otherwise, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with lawful Interest for the same from such appointed Time of Payment, and all Costs of Suit, from such Person or Persons; or in Cases where Two or more Persons shall have jointly subscribed for or be jointly possessed of any One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, then from all or any or either of such Persons.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Com- Names of pany, as soon as a Clerk is chosen, shall cause the Names and Designa- Proprietors tions of the several Persons who shall have subscribed for, or may at any Certf^ Time hereafter become entitled to a Share or Shares in the said Under- jcates of taking, with the Number of such Share or Shares, and also the proper their Shares Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and delivered to distinctly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and after such t,iem-Entry, shall cause the same to be signed by the Chairman of the Committee of Management, and the Committee of Management shall cause a Certificate under the Common Seal of the said Company to be prepared

and delivered to every Proprietor upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or she is entitled in the said Undertaking j and such Certificate shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified, but the Want of such Certificate shall not hinder or prevent the Owner from selling or disposing of such Share or Shares.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That within Three Calendar First Meet-Months after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may In? Pro" be, a General Assembly or Meeting of the Proprietors of Shares shall be

holden in the Town of Woolwich aforesaid, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, of which General Assembly or Meeting Six Days Notice shall be given by some One of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, once in some One Newspaper printed or circulated in the County of Kent, and such General Assembly shall then and there proceed in the Execution of this Act, and shall or may adjourn to or shall assemble at the same or such other Times and Places as shall be appointed in manner herein-after mentioned; at which General Assembly or Meeting, or at any Adjournment thereof, a Treasurer or Treasurers, and a Committee of Management consisting of Five Proprietors, to be possessed of Four Shares each at the least, to continue until the Meeting which shall be held in June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, or until others or another shall be appointed in their or any of their Stead, shall be elected and chosen; and that after the said Committee shall have been elected,

One

1524

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxxm.

One of the Members thereof shall be chosen the Chairman, and another Member thereof the Deputy Chairman; and such General Assembly or Meeting may be adjourned to such other Time and Place as the Proprietors of the Majority of Shares then present shall think fit.

General As-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, in behddem Months of June and December in each and every Year, hold a General Assembly or Meeting of the said Proprietors, of which General Assembly or Meeting Seven Days Notice shall be given in some One Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Kent; and at every General Assembly or Meeting to be holden in the Month of June, or some Adjournment thereof, the Committee of Management for the Year ensuing, and the Chairman and Deputy Chairman thereof to be elected as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time be elected and chosen; provided that nothing herein contained shall render any One of the Committee whose Office shall have expired ineligible to be immediately re-elected upon such Committee of Management, if otherwise duly qualified; provided also, that no Person shall be qualified to be elected, or to serve or act as a Member of the said Committee, who shall hold or derive any Place of Profit under the said Company, or deal or be interested in any Article, Matter, or Thing used or manufactured by the said Company, or concerned or interested in any Contract or Contracts for supplying the same or any of them, or shall not have possessed Four Shares in the said Undertaking for Three Calendar Months at the least.

Power to

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That at any of such General

Laws Assemblies or Meetings the said Company shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Rules, Orders, Bye Laws, and Regulations, from Time to Time, as to them shall seem meet and proper for the good Government of the said Undertaking, and for regulating the Proceedings of the said Committee of Management, and the Duties and Conduct of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants to be employed in and about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, and for the Superintendence and Management of the said Undertaking in all Respects whatsoever, and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to make new or other Orders, and impose such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Officers, Workmen, and Servants of the said Company, and other Persons to be employed in and about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, or in the Superintendence and Management of the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings for any one Offence, as to the said Company at a General Assembly or Meeting shall seem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws so made as aforesaid, being reduced into Writing, and the Common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed, shall be binding upon all such Persons, and shall be sufficient Authority in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same; provided nevertheless, that such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws be not repugnant to the Laws or Statutes of that Parc of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or to any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act; provided also, that Copies of all such Bye Laws shall be affixed and continued in the Office of the said Company: Provided always, that in case at any Assembly of the said Proprietors the Number of Votes, including the Vote of the Chairman,

1525

4° GEORGII IV. C«j0.1xxiii.

man, shall be equal, then and in every such Case the Chairman for the Time being shall have an additional or casting Vote.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Member of the said Company shall be entitled to be present or to vote at any General or Special Meeting, or Adjournment thereof, unless he shall have subscribed for at least One Share in the Joint Stock of the said Company; and that the Members of the Company shall have One Vote at such General or Special Meeting for every Share he or she shall possess in the said Undertaking j but no Member shall be entitled to more than Twenty Votes, or to vote in respect of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for Payment of any Instalment or Call to be made or called for as herein-after is mentioned, until such Instalment or Call shall have been paid; and that no Person or Persons shall vote at any General or Special Meeting upon any Question or Questions relating to the Concerns of the said Undertaking, in which such Person or Persons shall be in anywise interested other than as a Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, in the said Undertaking.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares in the said Joint Stock shall be jointly possessed by or be the Property of more than One Person, the Owner or Proprietor whose Name shall stand first in Order on the Books of the said Company, as Proprietor of such Share or Shares, shall for all the Purposes of the said Company be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares j and all Notices required to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Company shall and may be given to or served upon such Person whose Name shall so stand first in Order in the Books of the said Company; and such Service upon such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Service upon all the Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, for all the Purposes for which such Service is intended to be made upon the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares, and such Person shall be entitled to give any Vote or Votes to be given in respect of such Shares.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Female, Infant, or other Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Company’s Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such Shares at any General or Special Assembly or Meeting of the said Company, shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at such General or Special Meetings as aforesaid, either in Person or by Proxy, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking; and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ I A.B. of One of the Proprietors in the Town of

* Woolwich Gas Light Company, do hereby nominate, constitute, and

* appoint C.D. of to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my

* Stead to vote or give my Assent to or Dissent from any Business, Matter, ‘ or Thing relating to the said Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or

* proposed at the General or Special Assembly of the said Company, to 4 be holden on the Day of or any Adjournment

‘ thereof, if I shall not be present, in such Manner as he the said C.D. ‘ shall think proper, according to his Opinion and Judgment, for the Be-

[LocaLJ i yO c nefit

Proprietors to vote according to the Number of their Shares.

Shares standing in the Names of

One Person, the Person whose Name stands first shall for all the Purposes of this Act be deemed the Owner.

Empowering Female, Infant, or other Proprietors of Shares, to vole by Proxy.

Form of the Proxy.

1526

Power to General Meeting to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers.

Notices of Meetings to be given by the Clerk of Company.

Meetings of Committee and Regulations for their Proceedings.

Power of Committee of Manage-

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxxiii.

‘ nefit of the said Undertaking, or any thing relating thereto. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand, the Day of

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any General Meeting of the said Company, to nominate and appoint, under the Common Seal of the said Company, any Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Treasurers, and from Time to Time to remove any such Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Company, and to nominate, elect, and appoint another Person or other Persons in his or their Room or Stead.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Notices herein directed to be given of any General or Special Meetings or Adjournments respectively, or to any of the said Proprietors upon any particular Occasion, and not herein otherwise provided for, shall be given to the said several Proprietors respectively, by Advertisement to be inserted once in some one Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Kent, or by Letters from the Clerk of the said Company, to be sent by the Post, if they shall live out of the Town of Woolwich, or the Suburbs thereof, to each and every Proprietor entitled to vote at such Meeting respectively, or to the individual Proprietors entitled to such Notice (as the Case may be), and such Notices, when so published or given, shall be deemed and considered the same as personal Notices.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management to be from Time to Time appointed as aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, shall hold their Meetings at such Time and at such Place within the Town of Woolwich, or the Suburbs or Vicinity thereof, as they shall from lime to Time think proper; and that all Questions, Matters, and Things which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered by the said Committee of Management at any of their Meetings, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of Members present; and in case of an equal Number of Votes, including the Vote of the Chairman for the Time being, such Chairman shall have an additional or casting Vote; and if on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Committee Three Members qualified to vote shall not attend, then and in such Case the Meeting shall be adjourned till the next Day, if not a Sunday, and if the next Day should be a Sunday, then to the Monday following, by the Member or Members then present, or if none be present, then by the Clerk of the said Company, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place; and that any Three or more Members of the Committee may at any Time when they shall think fit call a Meeting of the Committee, by causing Four Days Notice in Writing, signed by such Members, to be sent by the Post, or otherwise, to the Residence or Address of every other Member of such Committee, and also renew the Meetings of the Committee, although they may have been discontinued for want of Adjournment, or to institute a new Meeting, independent of any Meeting appointed by Adjournment.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management for the Time being shall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Company, and appoint the Time and Place for holding General Assemblies or Meetings, and direct the Affairs and Business of the said Undertaking, as well in issuing, receiving, and laying out and disposing of io all

1527

4° GEORGII IV. Gijo.lxxiii.

all Sums of Money to be isued or received, laid out, or disposed of for the Purposes of the said Company, as in contracting for and purchasing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods, and Chattels for the Use of the said Undertaking, and entering into Agreements or Contracts for supplying with Gas the said Town and the Suburbs and Vicinity thereof, or Parts adjacent, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or the Houses, Shops, or Buildings therein, and in selling and disposing of all Articles produced as aforesaid, and making, enforcing, and rescinding, compounding and compromising all Contracts and Bargains touching or in anywise concerning the same, subject to such Orders, Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations, as shall at any Time be duly made by the said Company in Restraint, Controul, or Regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted; and the said Committee of Management shall and may appoint a Clerk, Officers, Servants, Workmen, and Tradesmen of the said Company, and from Time to Time dismiss, remove, or suspend them, as they shall think fit; and shall beat Liberty at any Time to call any Special General Meetings of the said Company for any Purpose they may think proper, and shall and they are hereby required to take such Security to the said Company of Proprietors from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk, or other Officer or Officers, or other Person, for the faithful Execution of their respective Duties, as they shall think proper and adequate to the Trust.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Member of the Committee of Management to be elected by virtue of this Act shall die or become disqualified, or shall for the Space of Two Calendar Months refuse or neglect to attend the Meetings of the said Committee, it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any General Meeting to be held pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to elect some other Proprietor qualified as herein-before mentioned, to be a Member of the said Committee in his Stead; and every such Proprietor so elected shall continue in Office as a Member of the said Committee, so long as the Person in whose Place or Stead he was elected would have been entitled to have continued, if such Death, Disqualification, Refusal, or Neglect had not happened.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to appoint the Person or Persons who may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person or Persons who may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under this Act other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to

be

For supplying Vacan-

mittee of Manage-

Clerk and Treasurer not to be the same Person.

1528

4° GEORGII IV. C«/>.lxxiii.

be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Treasurer

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers, or Mone 'with ot*ler Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Company, shall not out arf Order issue any Sum or Sums of Money on account of the said Company, with-aigned by out an Order or Orders in Writing signed by Three or more Members of Three of the the sa;j Committee of Management; and that the Receipts of such Trea-Committee. surer or 'treasurers for all Monies payable to him or them on account of the said Company, shall be effectual Discharges for the same.

Proceedings to be entered in Books.

Committee of Management may make Calls on Subscrib-

In Default of Payment on Calls Shares to be forfeited.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Company of Proprietors, and of the Committee of Management, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Chairman for the Time being j and such Orders and Proceedings, so entered and signed by the Chairman for the Time being of each respective Meeting, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management for the Time being shall have full Power at any Time or Times to make such Call or Calls upon the several Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, for the Amount of the Subscription for their respective Shares, either in One Payment or by Instalments, as such Committee shall deem requisite or necessary for the Purposes of the said Undertaking; and every Order for a Call shall be signed by Three of the said Committee of Management for the Time being at least, present at some Meeting of the said Committee; and the Sum or several Sums of Money so to be called for shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Company for the Time being, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by such Committee, of which Time and Place Twenty-one Days previous Notice shall be given in such Manner as the said Committee shall direct or appoint in that Behalf.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Subscriber, Person or Persons, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Part or Portion of the Money to be called for by the Committee of Management as aforesaid, by the Time appointed for Payment thereof, together with Interest from the appointed Time of Payment, then and in such Case such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall (whether or not the same shall then have been sued for in any Court of Law or Equity) absolutely forfeit all his, her, or their Share, Part, and Interest in the said Undertaking and Capital Stock, and all Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her, or them oil account thereof, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, unless otherwise determined by a Special General Meeting; and all Shares which shall and may be so forfeited shall or may be sold at a public Sale for the most Money that

1529

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiii.

can be gotten for the same, and the Produce thereof shall go to and make Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the Company j but that no Advantage shall be taken of such Forfeiture of any Share in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, until after Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given by the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the said Company, or Three of the Committee of Management, to the Owner or Owners thereof, by Notice in Writing left at his, her, or their usual or last Place of Abode, if they shall reside in the Town of Woolwich, or the Suburbs thereof, and if not, then by Letter sent by the Post; and every such Forfeiture so to be declared shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns so forfeiting, against all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions, for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement between such Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Money If the Pur-produced by the Sale of any Share or Shares shall be more than sufficient to pay all such Arrears of Call as aforesaid, and legal Interest thereon, and °£an before the Expences attending such Sale or Sales, the Surplus of such Money than suffi-shall be paid on Demand to the Person or Persons to whom such Share or cient to pay Shares shall have belonged; provided also, that the said Company or their Jj1 Arrears of Committee shall not by virtue of this Act sell or transfer, or direct to be XnteSr’eg"an(j sold or transferred, any more of such Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters Expences than shall be sufficient, as near as may be, at the Time of such Call, to pay thereon, the the Arrears due from such Defaulter or Defaulters for or on account of such Surplus to be Call or Calls, and the Interest and Expences attending the same; and *ne

from and after Payment of all and every of such Call or Calls, and the Demand. Interest and Expences as aforesaid, any Share or Shares vested in the said Company as aforesaid which shall remain in their Hands unsold, shall revert to and again become the Property of the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged immediately before such Forfeiture as aforesaid, in such Manner as if such Calls had been duly and regularly paid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several shares may Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Sue- be trans-cessors, and Assigns, to sell and transfer any Share or Shares of which ferred* they shall respectively be possessed; and every such Transfer shall or may be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

* T [or we,] of in Consideration of Form of

* A paid to me, [or us] by of do hereby 'transfer.

* bargain, sell, and transfer to the said Share [or Shares],

4 (as the Case may be) in the Town of Woolwich Gas Light Company,

4 Number [or Numbers] in the said Undertaking; to hold

4 to the said Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject

4 to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the same Condi- tions as I [or we] held the same Share [or Shares] immediately before 4 the Execution hereof; and I, [or we,] the said do hereby

agree to take and accept the said Share [or Shares], subject to the said 4 Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As witness our Hands

* and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

* One thousand eight hundred and

And

1530 4" GEORGII IV. CapAxxm.

Transfer to And every such Transfer shall be produced to the Clerk of the said Combe registered. pany? and shall be registered by him in the Books of the said Company, for which the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid by the Person requiring such Transfer to such Clerk, and no more; and the Registry thereof shall specify the Dates, Names of the Parties, and the Number of Shares transferred, and a Copy of such Register, signed by the said Clerk, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Transfer, and be received and admitted as such; and until such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Company, no Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be deemed a Proprietor, or have any Part of the Profit of the said Undertaking, or in the Profits or Advantages thereof; nor shall receive any Interest or Dividends for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, nor be entitled to any Vote at any Meeting or Meetings as a Member or Members of the said Undertaking, in respect of such Share or Shares, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after such Transfer shall have been registered.

No ShaVe to

LII. Provided I always, and be it further enacted, That after any Call aCillltilf*6* ^or Money shaft have been made by virtue of this Act, no Person or Per-the Money sons shall sell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall called for is possess in the said Undertaking, after the Day appointed for Payment of Paid* the said Call, until the Money so called for or in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares intended to be sold, shall be paid j and until such Money so called for shall be paid, every such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be void; and all and every Person or Persons making Default herein shall be subject and liable to forfeit such his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to and for the general Benefit of the said Company, unless he, she, or they shall at the Time of such Sale or Transfer pay to the Treasurer of the said Company the full Sum of Money called for upon every Share so to be sold or transferred; such Forfeiture nevertheless to be first notified and declared in manner directed by this Act with respect to the Forfeiture of Shares for not answering the Calls to be made thereon as aforesaid.

Executors LIII- And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Pro-indemnified prietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, CaUsying ^iall die before Payment shall have been made by him, her, or them, of the full Sum to be called for or in respect thereof as aforesaid, without having made any sufficient Provisions by Will, or otherwise, how such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how the future Calls in respect thereof shall be answered, that then and in such case the Executors or Administrators of such Proprietor and Proprietors, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, of any Infant, or other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of such Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against such Infant, and all other Persons whomsoever, for paying any Money which shall be called for as aforesaid, in respect of the Share or Shares of such deceased Proprietor or Proprietors.

For ascertaining the Proprietor-

ial V. And whereas, in case any original Holder or Proprietor of one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become Insolvent

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiii.

or Bankrupt, go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his or her Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the Clerk of the said Company, it may not be in the Power of the said Company, or any Officer acting for the said Company, to know who is or are the Owner or Proprietor, or Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares; be it therefore further enacted, That in all cases where the Right and Property in one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subscribers, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof, in the Form and Manner herein-before specified, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by a credible Person, before a Master or Master Extraordinary of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns -t and that such Affidavit shall be delivered to the Clerk of the said Company, to the Intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or List of Subscribers and Proprietors in the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Company.

LV. And be it further enacted, That at the General Assemblies or Meetings in the Months of June and December in each Year, or some Adjournment thereof, the Accounts of the said Company shall be from Time to Time settled, and such General Assembly or Half-yearly Meeting, or any Assembly or Meeting especially called for the Purpose, shall have full Power from Time to Time to call for and examine the Accounts of the said Company $ and at every Half-yearly General Assembly or Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, a Dividend or Dividends shall be made out of the Interests, Profits, or Advantages of the said Undertaking, unless such Meeting shall declare otherwise; and such Dividend shall be at and after the Rate of so much per Centum for every Share, upon all and every the Sum and Sums of Money paid to the said Company by the said Subscribers, their Successors, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, as such Meeting or Meetings shall think fit to appoint and determine; provided that no Dividend shall be made whereby the Capital of the said Company shall in any Degree be reduced or impaired, nor within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act $ nor shall any Dividend be paid in respect of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for Payment of any Call for Money in respect thereof, until such Call shall have been paid.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That a Special Meeting may be called at any Time by the Committee of Management; and also that Five or mQre Members of the said Company, holding in the Aggregate Twenty Shares or upwards in the said Undertaking, may at any Time, by Writing under their Hands, left at the Office of the said Company, or given to any Member of the said Committee of Management, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, require the Committee of Management to call a Special General Meeting, so as such Requisition fully express the Objects for which such Special General Meeting is required to be called \ and in case of Neglect or Refusal of the said Committee to call such Meeting for the

Space

1531

ship of Shares in certain Cases.

Accounts to be settled Half-yearly.

Meetings to declare Dividends.

Committee of Management, and also Proprietors possessed of Twenty Shares, may call a Special General Meeting.

1532

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiii.

Space of Five Days after such Notice given as aforesaid, the same may be called by the said Members, by giving Six Days Notice thereof in some One or more Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated in the said County of Kent.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Pipes or other Conduits to be laid or used for the Conveyance of Gas in, under, through, or along any Street, Square, Market Place, Lane, or other Place in the Town of Woolwich aforesaid, or Places adjacent, shall be so laid at the greatest practicable Distance; and whenever the Width of the Carriageway in such Street or Place will allow thereof, at the Distance of Three Feet at least from the nearest Part of any Water Pipe already laid down, or hereafter to be laid down, by or by the Order of the Company of Proprietors for the Time being of the Kent Water Works, for the Conveyance of Water in, under, through, or along any of the said Streets, Squares, Market Places, Lanes, or other Places in the Town of Woolwich aforesaid, or Places adjacent, unless in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to lay the Gas Main Pipes across any of the Pipes of the said Company of Proprietors, in which Cases the said Gas Main Pipes shall be laid over or under the said Company’s Water Pipes, as the Case may require, at the greatest practicable Distance therefrom, and shall form therewith an Angle j and that in such Cases the said Gas Main Pipes so crossing the said Company’s Water Pipes shall be at least Six Feet in length, so that no Joint of any of the said Gas Main Pipes shall be nearer to any Part of the said Company’s Water Pipes than Three Feet at least, where practicable; and that in laying down the said Gas Main Pipes, the said Gas Light and Coke Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall in no case join Three or more Gas Main Pipes together, previous to their being laid in the Trench, but shall lay each Pipe as near as may be in its Place in the Trench, and shall in such Trench properly form the Jointing with the other Pipes, to be added thereto with proper and sufficient Materials, and shall also make and keep all and every such Pipes, and all Pipes connected or communicating therewith, and all the Screws, Joints, Inlets, Apertures, or Openings therein respectively air-tight, and in all and every respect prevent the said Gas from escaping therefrom, and from any Part thereof, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Power to

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said convey Company, with the Consent of the Surveyor of the Highways for the

Washings. Time being, to make Sewers or Cuts of such Breadth, Depth, and Dimen-

sions, and in such Manner as they shall think expedient, under the Streets, Ways, Lanes, Avenues, and Places within the said Town or Places adjacent, for the Purpose of carrying off the Washings and other Waste Liquids which may arise in the Prosecution of the Works aforesaid, the said Company doing as little Damage as may be in making the said Sewers or Cuts, and immediately repairing at their Expence all such Damage, and afterwards maintaining such Sewers or Cuts in good and sufficient Repair: Provided always, that no such Washings or other Waste Liquids, or any other Matter or Thing produced in the manufacturing of such Gas, be conducted or conveyed into any River, Brook, navigable Canal or running Stream whatsoever.

LIS. And

Gas Pipes to be laid at a Distance from Water Pipes, in a particular Manner.

0

1

c

il

11

<k

d

Pi

n

C

an

inf

For

Cal

Dai

tha

Po

no

dm

mai

i

I into An

I Pe

I wb

I of I k

I am I Sui

ki

Pi

att

or

i

r

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiii.

1533

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if the said Company of Proprie- Penalty for tors shall at any Time empty, drain or convey, or cause or suffer to be vv3,"f emptied, drained or conveyed, or to run or flow, any Washings or other int0 any Waste Liquids, Substances or Things whatsoever, which shall arise or be Kiver, produced in the Prosecution of the said Gas Works, or in the Manufac- Stream, &c. ture or Process of making or procuring such Gas, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, Springhead or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or do or cause to be done any Annoyance, Act, or Thing to the Water contained in any such River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct,

Waterway, Feeder, Pond, or Springhead, Well, Drain, Sewer or Ditch, then and in every such Case the said Company of Proprietors so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suits, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and the whole thereof shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same: Provided always, that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable unless the same be sued for within Twelve Calendar Months from the Time of such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury,

Damage, Act or Thing shall have ceased and determined : Provided also, that over and above and in addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds (and whether such Penalty shall have been sued for or recovered or not), in case any of the said Washings or other Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things shall be emptied, drained, conducted or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid into any River, Brook, or running Stream, or any Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, Springhead or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or any such Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given by any Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to the said Company of Proprietors, and the said Company of Proprietors shall not, within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice shall have been given to them or him as aforesaid, stop, hinder, or prevent all and every such Washings, Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids,

Substances, or Things from being emptied, drained, conducted or conveyed, or from running or flowing in Manner aforesaid, and every such other Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing from being done as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Company of Proprietors shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each and every Day such Washings, Waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids,

Substances, or Things, shall be so drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in Manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be so done or caused to be done as aforesaid; and such last-mentioned Penalty shall and may be recovered and levied in such and the like Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is in and by this Act directed to be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Informer, or to the Person or Persons who, in the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Conviction shall take place, shall have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage by any such Act so done or committed.

‘72

{JLocoL]

1534 4° GEORGII IV. C«/>.lxxiii.

For compel-

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ling the At- be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any

tendance of justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matter contained in any

andrespect- Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on ing Service Behalf of the Prosecutor, or on Behalf of the Person or Persons accused, of Notices. or touching any Matter to be inquired into, or to be determined by virtue

of this Act, and shall refuse or neglect to appear from Time to Time at

the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect of appearing, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or, in case of a Quaker or Quakers, on solemn Affirmation, (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer), or to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, then and in every such Case every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, provided a reasonable Sum shall have been paid or tendered to such Person for his or her Costs and Charges of Attendance as a Witness.

Proceedings

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, Body or to be com- Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall be subject or liable to the Payment of

wfthin Six any Penal"es or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act, to be

Calendar recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any Offence or

Months. Offences against this Act, unless Information shall be given thereof within

Six Calendar Months next after such Offence committed.

Recovery

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures and APPllca- for all and every the Offences in this Act mentioned, or by or under any tionol enu - j^uje> Order, or Bye-law to be made in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act, in relation to which the Manner of convicting the Offenders, or of applying the Penalties, is not particularly mentioned or directed, shall be adjudged by and recovered before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, in a summary Way, and who is hereby authorized and empowered to convict the Offender or Offenders, upon Information by the Oath of any Person or Persons, or on the Confession of the Party offending (which Oath such Justices is hereby authorized to administer); and in Default of Payment of such Penalties or Forfeitures, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; and One Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained, the reasonable Charge for such Distress and Sale being first deducted, shall, where not otherwise by this Act directed, be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, to be by them applied towards the Relief of the Poor of such Parish; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can conveniently be made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his or their Appearance before any Justice or Justices, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Fourteen Days from the Time of taking any 6 such

1535

l

!J

1

A

1,

ie

it

n.

or

Bp

ch

i

te,

for

>or

F«

it of i be or :hin

job

■J

JOt , or

ilk

lit

ad

a©

d

d

4

i

d,

of

r

Dt

ill

d

k

it

e

4° GEORGII IV. Cmjo.lxxiii.

such Security, and which Security the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County of Kent, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

LXIII. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect following shall be good, without alleging more than the Substance of the Offence j (that is to say),

}BE

it remembered, That on the

in the Year of our Lord is [or are] convicted before me [or us, as the Case shall be~\ of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Town of Woolwich, [or County of Kent, as the Case may be~\ by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act~\ of having [specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case may be~] contrary to the said Act, and for which Offence I [or we, as the Case shall be~\ do adjudge the said to have forfeited the Sum of

and for Costs. Given under my Hand and

Seal [or our Hands and Seals, as the Case shall be~\ the Day and Year first above written.’

Day of Form of

Conviction.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Body or Appeal to be Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, the

thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rule, Order, sewioru. or Bye Law to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Alteration thereof, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Kent (as the Case may be), the Person or Persons appealing having first given at least Ten Days Notice of such Appeal, and the Nature and Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the Clerk of the said Company as respecting the said Company, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said Town or County (as the Case may be), with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, shall in a summary Way hear and determine such Complaint at such General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Town or County (as the Case may be), and if they see Cause may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Order or Determination, and shall and may also award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, or such Costs to either of the Parties as they shall adjudge reasonable and proper; and all such Determinations of the said Justices at such General or Quarter , Sessions

1536

Directing what shall be deemed a Service of Notice, &c. on the Company.

Nothing in this Act to prevent the Company from being indicted for a Nuisance.

Expences of this Act how to be paid.

General Saving of Rights.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiii.

Sessions shall be binding, final, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein it may be requisite or necessary for any Person or Persons, Party or Parties, to serve any Notice or Notices, Demand or Demands, upon the said Company, or any Summons, Writ or Writs, or other legal Proceedings, the Service thereof upon any Member of the said Committee of Management, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or upon the Clerk of the said Company, or at the Office of such Clerk, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or at the Office of the said Company, or in case the same respectively shall not be found or known, then Service upon any Agent or other Officer employed by the said Company, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or at the Manufactory of the said Company, shall be deemed sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Company.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons from Proceeding by Indictment or otherwise against the said Company, or against any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, in respect of any Works of the said Company, or the Method which shall be employed by them for furnishing such Light as aforesaid as a Nuisance, or from bringing any Action against the said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by Reason of any such Works or Method of Lighting, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Nature of such Method of Lighting, or the Carelessness or the Want of Skill of the Persons employed therein, or otherwise howsoever, or from any other Cause, or in any other Manner whatsoever.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the applying for, obtaining, and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged out of the Monies to be subscribed by virtue of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

LXVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to His Majesty's Board of Ordnance, and to the Trustees of the several Turnpike Roads leading unto, or from, or through the said Town of Woolwich, and also the Commissioners for executing an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for paving, cleansing, lightings and watching the Town and Parish of Woolwich in the County of Kent, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, for providing an additional Burial Ground, and for regulating the Market of the said Town and Parish; all Rights, Privileges, and Franchises in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made or passed.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the City of York, and the Suburbs and Vicinity thereof.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS the City of York is large and populous, and it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof and to the Public at large, if the Streets and other public Passages and Places therein, and the Suburbs and Vicinity thereof, were better lighted: And whereas the Mayor and Commonalty of the said City are or claim to be Lords of the Soil of the principal Streets, Lanes, and other public Places within the said City and the Suburbs thereof, (except such Parts thereof as are within the Liberty of Saint Peter of York): And whereas Inflammable Air or Gas may be obtained from Oil, Coal, and other Materials; and Coke, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, may be procured from Coal and other Substances: And whereas the said Inflammable Air or Gas, being conveyed by Means of Pipes, may be used for lighting the several Streets, Squares, Market Places, Courts, Yards, Passages, Lanes, Highways, and other Places within the said City, and for lighting private Houses, Shops, Inns, Taverns, Counting-houses, Warehouses, and public Works and Manufactories, and other Buildings; and the said Coke may be usefully employed as Fuel, and the said Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, may be used and applied in various Ways with great Advantage: And whereas the several Persons herein-after named are willing and desirous, at their own Cost and Charges, to effect the several beneficial Purposes aforesaid; [Local.] 17 S but

1542 4° GEORGII IV. Ca/Uxxir.

but the same cannot be carried fully and completely into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assem-Company bled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Alexander, William incorporated. }jenrj Alexander, Joseph Agar the elder, Joseph Agar the younger, George Buhner, James Bulmer, Francis Bulmer, John Brook, George Brown, William Baynes, William Bulmer Clerk, James Barra, James Barber, Richard Bur-dekin, John Allanson Bulmer, William Blanshard, Varley Bealby, Henry Bland, William Barnes, Robert Chaloner, William Coates, Samuel Cowling, George Cooper, George Champney, John Catton, William Cattell, Richard Drake, James Day, William Dunslay, Adam Dale, Robert Davis, Edward Day, Thomas Etridge, John L Eyre, Robert Ellis Clerk, William

Ellis, George Ellis, William Fisher, John Flintoft, Anthony Graves, Joseph Gibson, Thomas Gregory, F F Geldard, William Hale, John

Harwood, Richard Hornby the younger, Richard Hobson, William Hall, William Hot ham, Benjamin Hornor, William Hutchinson Hear on, J F Hall, George Jennings, Thomas Knowles, Richard Lund, Robert

Lakeland, John Mason, Thomas Mason, Thomas Norton, William Oldfield, Edward Prest, William Prest, Henry Prest, John Prest, George Peacock, Nathaniel Parkinson, John Roper, William F Roper, Henry Ransom,

Peter Rymer, Charles Robinson, Thomas Rishworth, James Rishworth, B Rayment, Isaac Spencer, Isaac Spencer the younger, William

Simpson, Thomas Smith, William Smith Clerk, James Saunders, Henry Stead, Edward Stead, William Smith, Henry Strickland, Joseph Thomas Tuite, Cook Cooper Taylor, John Tweedy, John Drumelzier Tweedy, James Thompson, James Tuite, Samuel Tuke, Frances Theakstone, Anthony Thorpe, Michael Taylor, Thomas Wilson, Joseph Bilton Wilson, Christopher Waud, Thomas Wood Wilson, John Walker, John JVolstenholme, Richard Wormald, Joseph Wood, Smith Wormald, William Watson, and all and every such other Person and Persons as shall from Time to Time become a Subscriber and Subscribers, and be duly admitted a Proprietor and Proprietors as hereinafter mentioned, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be and they are hereby declared to be one Body Their Style. Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The York Gas Light Company, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded at Law or in Equity, and shall and may prefer and prosecute any Bill of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall commit any Felony or Offence indictable by the Laws of this Realm; and the said Company shall be established for the Purpose of producing Inflammable Air or Gas, Coke, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, and other Products, from Oil, Coal, or other Substances, and for lighting the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity with Gas j and shall have full Power from Time to Time to make Contracts or agree with the Commissioners, Assessors, or other Persons acting under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for lighting or otherwise improving the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, any or either of them, or with any other Persons or Person, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Corporation Aggregate or Sole, who may be willing to contract or agree with the said Company, for the lighting with Gas the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, any or either of them, or any public Streets, Squares, Highways, Market Places, Courts, io Yards,

1543

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

Yards, Passages, Lanes, private Houses, Shops, Inns, Taverns, Counting-houses, Warehouses, and public Works and Manufactories, and other Buildings of whatever Denomination the same may be, or any of them, within the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, any or either of them respectively; and to sell and dispose of such Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, As-phaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, and other Produce as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the said Company to construct or make Gasometers and other Manufactories and Works necessary for the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their Committee of Management to be appointed in pursuance of this Act for the Time being, and they are hereby respectively empowered, to contract and agree for the absolute Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not exceeding in the whole the Space of Three Statute Acres, within the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, or any of them, with any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Tenant or Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, or with any Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and also with all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be willing to sell the same, or his, her, or their Right and Interest in the same, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Company and their Successors, to hold such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and any Term, Right, and Interest therein so purchased as aforesaid, without incurring or being subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or of any other Law or Statute whatsoever; and also at any Time or Times thereafter, to sell or dispose of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them, as they shall think proper; and from Time to Time to purchase and hold other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, more suitable for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, and again to sell the same in like Manner, subject to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and also for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and for all and every other Persons and Person whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

Power to purchase Lands, &e-

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to sell.

1544

Directing Application of Purchase Money when amounting to 200/. and upwards.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

ditaments, which shall be thought necessary by the said Company to be purchased for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, to contract and agree with the said Company, or the said Committee of Management, for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof; and to sell and convey the same or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the same, to the said Company and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act; and all Contracts, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Party or Parties so conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their said several Cestuique Trusts, and of all Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, and of all Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion expectant on any such particular Estate; and the same lil be deemed and considered to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Party or Parties, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the fssue and Issues of such Party and Parties claiming under them, or any of them respectively, any Law, Statute, or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons whomsoever, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be contracted and agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, F’eme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte The York Gas Light Company, to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Party or Parties who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments), in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts cr such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing and being settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

1545

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

ditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Party or Parties who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application contracted and agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- ^J^when ments, to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, which shall belong less th*n

to any Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Tenant for Life or in 200Z. and Tail, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or any other Person or Per- exceeding sons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Party or Parties for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cases of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account in manner aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be named by the Party or Parties making such Option, and approved by Three or more of the Committee of Management of the said Company (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends to arise thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so contracted and agreed to be paid as aforesaid shall not exceed the Sum of Money of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied f101 exceed-to the Use of the Party or Parties who would for the Time being have been ,n& 20* entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as

the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then to the Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees of the Infants, Idiots, or Lunatics ILoeai.] 17 T entitled

1546

In case of questionable Titles, Per-

session to be deemed the Owners.

Costs of Purchases to be made in lieu of settled Estates, to be defrayed by the Company.

On Payment of Purchase Money, Premises to be vested in the Company.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

entitled to such Rents and Profits, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Infants, Idiots, or Lunatics respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Party or Parties to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by the said Company in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Party or Parties who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Party or Parties was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Party or Parties entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, or by reason of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments being held upon or under or subject to Trusts then subsisting and undetermined, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Bank of England, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery to order the Expences of making Contracts for and completing all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purchases as the said Court shall direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money so contracted or agreed to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by the said Company, to the Party or Parties respectively entitled to the same, or their Agents, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, for the Purpose of being disposed of in manner herein-before directed (as the same may be), and a Receipt or Receipts, Certificate or Certificates, obtained for such Payment or Payments, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law or Equity, of the Party and Parties, and Person and Persons respectively, to whom or for whose Use the same shall be paid, into or out of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Company and their Successors for ever, for effecting the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and the said Company shall immediately thereupon

8 be

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv. 1547

be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin or Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed and assured the same Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments unto the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, conformably to the Directions and according to die Form herein prescribed.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be made to the said Company and their Successors, shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

4 T [or, We, as the Case may be^\ of in *orm of

‘ Consideration of the Sum of paid to Conveyance*

1 me, [or, us, or, into the Bank of England, as the Case may be~\ by " The 4 York Gas Light Company," do hereby grant, release, convey, and con- firm [or, assign, as the Case may be~\ to the said Company and their Successors, all [describe the Premises to be conveyed\ and all my [or, our]

4 Right, Title, Estate, and Interest in and to the same and every Part 4 thereof, to hold the same to the said Company and their Successors and 4 Assigns for ever [or, as the Case may be, during all the Remainder of 4 my, or, our, Term, Estate, or Interest in the said Premises.] In Witness whereof, I, [or, we,] have hereunto set my Hand and Seal [or,

our Hands and Seals, or, our Common Seal, as the Case may be\ this 4 Day of in the Year of our Lord .*

Which Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance so made, shall at all Times be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, quoad the Party or Parties making the same, and his, her, or their Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons claiming or to claim by, from, under, or in trust for him, her, or them respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Be-sale of Company, from Time to Time, to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture wanted"01 or Indentures under their Common Seal to grant and convey, by way of absolute Sale in Fee Simple, for a competent Consideration in Money, all or any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which may have been so purchased, and which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act j and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by or from the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Part or Parts thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer (if only One, or if more than One, for the Treasurers, who, if engaged in Partnership together, may sign in their Style or Firm by any One of such Firm) for the Time being, to the said Company, to sign and give a Receipt or Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipt or Receipts shall be a sufficient Discharge to any Purchaser or Purchasers for the Money therein and thereby expressed or acknowledged to be received; and such Purchaser or Purchasers having bond jide paid the same, and obtained such Receipt or Receipts for the same, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof!

1548

Restraining Company from purchasing: more than Three Acres of Land from incapacitated Persons.

Capital Stock not to exceed 16,000l.

Power to raise more jbfoney, if ne-

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxxw.

XII. And whereas the said Company are enabled to purchase Three Statute Acres of Land by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Persons whomsoever, are empowered to sell such Quantity or Number of Acres to the said Company : And whereas it is expedient to restrain the said Company from selling any such Lands so purchased from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, and again purchasing other Lands from the same, or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or 'Other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, in lieu or stead of the Lands so sold; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to purchase from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, more than such Three Statute Acres; and in case the said Company shall afterwards sell the Whole or any Part of such Three Statute Acres so purchased, it shall not be lawful for the said Company to purchase of or from the same, or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees for or in Behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, to sell to the said Company any other Lands in lieu or instead of those Three Statute Acres, or any Part thereof so sold or disposed of by the said Company.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company, to be used and applied in establishing and carrying on the said Undertaking and the Purposes aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Sixteen thousand Pounds; and that the said Company shall not be authorized to enter upon the Execution of any of the Works for which Powers are hereby given, until the said Sum of Sixteen thousand Pounds shall have been first subscribed for that Purpose.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the aforesaid Sum of Sixteen thousand Pounds shall be found insufficient for the Purposes of

this

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv. 1.549

this Act, then it shall be lawful for the said Company from Time to Time cessary, by to raise any further Sum or Sums of Money for completing or extending new

their Undertaking, and defraying all necessary Charges relating thereto, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, either by way of Loan on Security of the Property and Effects belonging to the said Company, or by raising and creating new and additional Shares in the said Concern, or by both of the said Ways and Methods; and in case it shall at any Time or Times be deemed advisable by the said Company to raise any Part or Parts of the said further Sum of Four thousand Pounds by way of Loan, then it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their Committee of Management for the Time being, by and with the Advice and Direction of any General Assembly of the said Company, to borrow and take up the same at Interest for the said Company, and thereupon to grant, execute, and deliver to or in favour of the Lenders thereof, such Mortgages, Bonds, Obligations, or other Securities, in Writing, as may be required, thereby binding the said Company, and the Estate, Stock, and Trade thereof, for the Repayment of the Sum or Sums so borrowed, with Interest for the same; and in case it shall at any Time or Times be deemed advisable by the said Company to raise any Part or Parts of the said further Sum of Four thousand Pounds by the Creation of new and additional Shares in the said Undertaking, then it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise the same amongst themselves, in such Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or by the Admission of new Subscribers into the said Concern, and for that Purpose to create such Number of new and additional Shares of Twenty-five Pounds each, as may be deemed expedient; and every Subscriber towards raising such further Sum by Shares shall be a Proprietor in the said LTndertaking, and shall have a like Vote for himself or herself, or his or her Proxy, in respect of every Share in die said additional Sum to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and stand interested in all the Profits, Privileges, and Advantages of the said Undertaking, and shall be liable to the like Burthens, in pro-pordon to the Amount of his, her, or their Subscriptions, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further Sum had been originally Part of the said Capital Stock of Sixteen thousand Pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person, Subscribers

Bodies Corporate and Politic, by or from whom any Subscription shall to share in be made or accepted, or any Payment made pursuant to the Orders of JJJ

any General Meeting to be held by the said Company for that Purpose, uirSub- ° for or towards the raising of the said Capital Sum of Sixteen thousand scriptions. Pounds as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns respectively, shall have and be entitled to a Share of

and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, in proportion to the Monies which he, she, or they shall have contributed towards the same, and shall have and be entitled to a proportionable Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the Capital Stock of the said Company, and shall be admitted to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of and in the same.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Estate and Company's

Effects of the said Company shall at at all Times be liable and answer- Effects an-i. [Local.'] 17 U able swerable for

1550 4° GEORGII IV. Crajo.lxxiv.

the Debts able for the just Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the said Company; owing there- antj tj,at the several Persons and Bodies Corporate and Politic composing Shareholders6 the sa*d Company, shall respectively stand responsible for all just Debts and to the Demands of the Creditors of the said Company, rateably and in proportion Amount of to the Number and Amount of their respective Shares in the Capital of the their Sub- said Joint Stock: Provided always, that whenever Two or more Persons scriptions. have jointly subscribed for or shall be jointly possessed of any One

or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, such Persons shall severally and respectively be answerable for the proportional Amount of such Share or Shares, but not further or otherwise, as aforesaid.

Stock to be

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Sixteen thousand divided into Pounds shall be divided into Shares of Twenty-five Pounds Sterling each; Shares of25Z t^lat no Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politic, shall be

Sterling each* a Subscriber or Subscribers for a less Sum than Twenty-five Pounds and to be Sterling, nor hold more than Thirty Shares, unless the Excess shall de-

Personal volve to him, her, or them by Marriage or Death; and all Shares in the

uoSubscriber Undertaking, and in the net Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be to hold more deemed Personal Estate (and not of the Nature of Real Property), and than Twenty- shall be transmissible accordingly, five Shares.

To compel

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons, and Bodies Payment of Corporate and Politic, who have subscribed for or towards the said Un-

tions.Cni>" dertaking, or who shall at any Time hereafter have or hold any Share or

Shares in the same, shall and they are hereby respectively required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed and to be subscribed, or such Parts or Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for, pursuant to or by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the said Company, or their Committee of Management; and in case any Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politic, shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Money, at such Times and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the said Company, or their Committee of Management as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the same, by Action of Debt or otherwise, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with lawful Interest for the same from such appointed Time of Payment, and all Costs of Suit, from such Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate and Politic respectively; or in cases where Two or more Persons, or Bodies Corporate and Politic, shall have jointly subscribed for or be jointly possessed of any One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, then from all, any, or either of such joint Subscribers.

Names of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and they Sheentered are hereby required, within Three Calendar Months after the passing of and Certifi- ’ this Act, to cause the Names and Designations of the several Persons, cates of their and Bodies Corporate and Politic, who have subscribed for or may be Shares deli- entitled to a Share or Shares in the said Joint Stock, with the Number them to Shares possessed by each Subscriber, and also the proper Number by

which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned; and after such Entry, a Certificate under the 6 Common

1551

4° GEORGII IV. Cup.lxxiv.

Common Seal of the said Company shall be delivered to every Proprietor, or in case of more Persons than One being jointly interested, then to any one of them upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he, she, or they is or are entitled in the said Joint Stock; and such Certificate shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the want of such Certificate shall not hinder the Proprietor of any such Share from selling or disposing thereof; and in case such Certificate shall not be produced or forthcoming, the said Entry or a true Copy thereof shall be deemed sufficient prima facie Evidence of Title.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever Two or more Persons shall be jointly possessed of or entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, the Person whose Name shall stand first in the Books of the said Company as Proprietor of such Share or Shares shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares; and all Notices hereby required to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Company, shall and may be given or sent to such Person whose Name shall so stand first in the Books of the said Company; and such Notice to such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a sufficient Notice to all the Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, for all the Purposes for which such Notice is intended to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any such Share or Shares; and such Owners or Proprietors shall be entitled to give their Vote or Votes in respect thereof, by the Person whose Name shall stand first in the Books of the said Company as Proprietor of such Share or Shares, and whose Vote shall on all Occasions be deemed and allowed to be the Vote for or in respect of the whole Property in such Share or Shares, without Proof of the Concurrence of the other Proprietor or Proprietors of such Share or Shares.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Proprietor or Proprietors entitled to vote at any such Meeting as aforesaid shall be a Lunatic or Lunatics, or a Minor or Minors, such Lunatic or Lunatics shall or may vote at such Meeting or Meetings, by his, her, or their Committee, or any one of such Committee; and such Minor or Minors shall and may vote by his, her, or their Guardian, or any one of such Guardians: Provided also, that the Appointment of such Committee or Guardian shall be produced at every Meeting at which he or she may so offer to vote; but such Person or Party may also vote in Right of his own Shares, as well as Committee of any Lunatic or Lunatics, and as Guardian of any Minor or Minors, on the same Occasion.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several and respective Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to sell and transfer any Share or Shares of which they shall respectively be possessed; and every such Transfer shall be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ TZ'NOW all Men by these Presents, That I [or we] the undersigned

* _ of the Case may require']

* in Consideration of the Sum of of lawful Money cur-

* rent

The Person whose Name stands first as a Joint Proprietor with others, to be deemed the Owner, and to be entitled to vote.

Lunatics may vote by their Committeea, and Minors by their Guardians.

Shares may be transferred.

1552

Tranfers to be registered.

Purchasers to have their Shares Six Months before they can vote; but Proprietors not to be prevented voting in respect of Shares accruing by Marriage or Death.

Registers and Copies thereof to be Evidence; and until Registry no Proprietor to be entitled.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

f rent in England paid to me [or us] by do hereby bargain,

sell, assign, and transfer to the said the Sum of

4 Capital Stock of and in " The York Gas Light

4 Company," being my [or our] Share [or Shares] Number [or

4 Numbers] therein, to hold to the said Executors,

4 Administrators, and Assigns, according to the same Rules, Orders, and 4 Restrictions, and on the same Conditions, that I [or we] the said ‘ held the same immediately before the Execution hereof;

and I [or we] the said do hereby agree to take and accept

the said Share [dr Shares] subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. In witness whereof, I [or we] have hereunto 4 set my [or our] Hand and Seal [or Hands and Seals, as the Case may 4 require] this Day of in the Year of our

4 Lord

Which Transfer shall be executed by all the Parties thereto, and be deposited with the Clerk of the said Company for the Time being, to be filed by him, and kept for the Use of the said Company; but for the Security of the Purchaser or Purchasers, a Duplicate of such Transfer, executed as aforesaid, shall be made and kept by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares; and every such Transfer which shall appear to be regular, shall be registered in the Books of the said Company, by an Entry of the Date of such Registry and the Date of such Transfer, together with the Names of the Parties thereto, and the Numbers of the Shares transferred, with such other Particulars as shall from Time to Time be determined on by the Committee of Management for the Time being, for which'Entry or Registry the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the Clerk or other Officer making the same, who, after such Transfer shall have been entered and registered as aforesaid shall, upon Request of the Purchaser or Purchasers, endorse a Certificate thereof upon the Duplicate of such Transfer.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons, or Body Corporate or Politic, who shall purchase any Share or Shares in the Joint Stock of the said Company, shall be admitted to vote for the same, until such Person or Persons, or Body Corporate or Politic, shall have been in Possession of such purchased Share or Shares for the full Term of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Date of registering the Transfer thereof in the said Books of the said Company; but this Provision shall not operate to prevent or hinder any Person or Persons from voting immediately after the same shall have been registered, for or in respect of the Share or Shares which shall devolve to him, her, or them by Marriage or Death.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Register Book of Shares of the said Company, or a Copy of the Entry or Registry therein of the Transfer of any Share upon Sale, or any other Disposition or Alteration in the Proprietorship thereof, by Marriage or Death or otherwise, to be ascertained as herein-before directed and authorized (such Copy being signed by the Clerk or other Officer of the said Company having the Custody of the said Book of Registry), shall respectively be sufficient Evidence of every such Sale, Transfer, or other Disposition or Alteration

1553

4" GEORGII IV Cap. lxxiv.

in the Proprietorship thereof, and shall be accounted as such in all Dts-putes, and in all Trials before any Court, and by all Judges, Justices, and others; and until such Transfer, Disposition, or Alteration shall be entered or registered in the Books of the said Company as aforesaid, no Purchaser or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politic, claiming Interest in any such Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, shall receive any Interest or Dividend for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, disposed of, or otherwise altered; nor be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings as Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after a Call for Money shall have been made by virtue of this Act, no Person or Persons shall sell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall possess in the said Undertaking, until the Money called for in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares intended to be sold shall be paid; and until such Money so called for shall be paid, any such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be void.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company shall be conducted and managed under and subject to the several Rules and Regulations herein-after contained; (that is to say), the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking shall assemble together at Clark's Hotel, or at some other Place in the City of York, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, within Thirty Days next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then and there proceed in the Execution of this Act; and shall and may adjourn to or shall assemble at such other Times and Places as they shall be duly convened to, in manner herein-after mentioned; and every such Assembly shall be styled " A General Meeting," and Two such Meetings shall be held in every Year, on the First Tuesday in the Month of January and the First Tuesday in the Month of July, which shall be styled " Half Yearly General Meetings j" of which said Meetings, as well as of any Special General Meeting to be called as herein-after provided, Ten Days previous Notice shall be given; and that Ten or more of the said Proprietors holding collectively not less than Fifty Shares may, by Notice in Writing under their Hands (of which a Copy shall be delivered to the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company), call a Special General Meeting, so as the Object for which such Meeting shall be called, and the Time and Place where such Meeting is intended to be held, be expressed in such Notice, and so as such Notice be given Ten Days at least before the Day of Meeting j and no Business shall be transacted at any Special General Meeting than the Business for which it shall have been called; and every General Meeting and Special General Meeting may be adjourned from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, within the said City, Suburbs, or Vicinity, as shall be found expedient; and no other Business shall be transacted at any Adjourned Special General Meeting than the Business left unfinished at the Meeting from which such Adjournment took place; and in case any Adjournment of a General or Special General Meeting shall take place. Three Days previous Notice shall be given of the Time and Place when and where such Adjourned Meeting is intended to be holden.

17 X

No Share to be sold after a Call, until the Money is

Regulations for Meetings of the Company.

[.Local.]

1554

Manner of voting.

How Notices of Meetings to Proprietors are to be given.

Accounts to be settled yearly.

Meetings to declare Dividends.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That at every General or Special General Meeting a Chairman shall be appointed; and all Questions shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present or their respective Committees or Guardians (who shall not decline to vote) according to their respective Number of Shares; and every Proprietor shall be entitled to One Vote for and in respect of every Share of which he shall be possessed, but no Proprietor shall be entitled to vote for or in respect of more than Thirty Shares, nor shall any Person be entitled to vote at any General or Special General Meeting of the said Company, or any Adjournment thereof in respect of any Share or Shares which he, she, or they may possess in the said Undertaking, unless such Person shall have fully paid and satisfied all Arrears of Money which shall or may become due in pursuance of any Call or Calls made or to be made by the said Committee of Management by virtue of this Act for or in respect of such Share or Shares; nor shall any Person vote at any of the Meetings of the said Company, upon any Question or Questions relating to the Concerns of the said Undertaking in which such Person shall be interested, otherwise than as a Subscriber or Proprietor to or for the said Undertaking; and upon any Difference of Opinion, any Proprietor present may require the Votes at any General or Special General Meeting of the said Company to be taken by Ballot; but no Ballot shall be kept open for more than Two Hours; and the Chairman of every such Meeting shall be entitled to vote, and in case the Number of Votes including the Chairman’s Vote shall be equal, such Chairman shall also have the casting Vote; and if at any General or Special General Meeting, a sufficient Number of Proprietors to act (Seven Proprietors being hereby declared sufficient in all Cases to act) and Two Proprietors being hereby declared sufficient for the Purposes of Adjournment only, shall not assemble and proceed to Business in One Hour from the Time appointed in the Notices to be given for such Meeting, or if Seven or more Proprietors be not present, when the whole or any Part of the Business to be transacted shall be decided upon, the Meeting shall be adjourned to the same Day in the following Week, or to some other Day to be appointed by the Members present, or in Default thereof, by the said Committee of Management, or any Two or more of them.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Notices herein-before directed to be given of any General or Special General Meeting or Adjournment respectively, or upon any other particular Occasion, and not herein otherwise provided for, or to any of the said Proprietors, shall be given by the Clerk to the said Company, and be inserted in One or more of the Newspapers usually published within the said City of York, and the same Notices shall be deemed and considered the same as personal Notices.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That any General Meeting especially called for the Purpose shall have full Power to call for, examine, and settle the Accounts of the said Company; and at every Half-yearly General Meeting which shall be holden in the Month of July in every Year, or some Adjournment thereof, a yearly Dividend or Dividends shall be made out of the Interest, Profits, or Advantages of the said Undertaking, unless such Meeting shall declare otherwise, and such Dividend shall be at and after the Rate of so much per Centum for every Share upon all

6 and

1555

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

and every the Sum and Sums of Money paid to the said Company by the said Subscribers, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as such Meeting or Meetings shall think fit to appoint and determine; provided that no Dividend shall be made whereby the Capital of the said Company shall in any Degree be reduced or impaired, nor shall any Dividend be paid in respect of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for Payment of any Call for Money in respect thereof, until such Call shall have been paid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Receipt or Receipts of the Person, or any One of the Persons in whose Name or Names any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall stand in the Books of the said Company, shall from Time to Time be a good and sufficient Discharge to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Company, for any Dividend or Dividends, Sum or Sums of Money which shall become due and payable, and be paid for or in respect of such Share or Shares, notwithstanding any Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes upon or to which such Share or Shares shall be then settled, limited, conveyed, or assured.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time at any of their General Half-yearly Meetings as aforesaid, to make such Rules, Orders, and Byelaws as to them shall seem meet and proper for the good Government of the said Undertaking, and for regulating the Proceedings of their Committee of Management, and the Conduct of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants to be employed in and about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, and for the Superintendence and Management of the said Undertaking in all respects whatsoever, and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, or any of them, and to make others, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence, as to the said Company at a General Half-yearly Meeting shall seem expedient; and all Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws so made as aforesaid, (being reduced into Writing and the Common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed) shall be binding upon all such Persons, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that Copies thereof be printed and be fixed and continued in the Office of the Clerk for the Time being, or other the Buildings and Premises of the said Company; and all such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws shall be subject to Appeal in Manner by this Act directed.

XXXIL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, at the First General Meeting of the said Company, to nominate and elect by Ballot, and to appoint, under the Common Seal of the said Company, some Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Treasurers, and some other Person to be Clerk to the said Company, and also such Receivers, Collectors, and other Officers as they may think proper; and from

Payment of Dividends, &c. to the Person in whose Name the Share shall stand in the Company’s Books, to be a good Payment.

General Meetings may make Bye-laws.

Officers of the Company to be appointed at General Meetings.

1556

Treasurer,

&c. to give Security.

Same Person not to act as Clerk and Treasurer.

Treasurer not to issue Money without an Order of Committee.

Committee of Management.

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxxiv.

from Time to Time to remove any such Treasurers, Clerks, Receivers, Collectors, and other Officers, and to nominate, elect, and appoint others in their Room or Stead : Provided always, that the said Company shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient Security from every Person who shall be appointed Treasurer, Clerk, Receiver, or Collector for any of the Purposes of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices, before they shall enter thereupon respectively.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk of or any Person in the Service or Employ of such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Company; and if any Person shall act in both Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk of or any Person in the Service or Employ of such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any Treasurer shall hold any Place of Profit or Trust under the said Company other than that of Treasurer, every Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager at Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers to be appointed by the said Company shall not issue any Sum or Sums of Money on account of the said Company, without an Order or Orders in Writing signed by the Chairman for the Time being of the Committee of Management, and Three other Members at the least of the same Committee, present at the Meeting of the Committee, or by the Chairman and Seven other Members at the least of the said Company, present at any General or Special General Meeting which shall order or direct such Issue of Money to be made.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That at the First General Meeting of the said Company, or at some Adjournment thereof, Fifteen Members of the said Company shall be elected and chosen a Committee of Management for conducting and managing the Affairs of the said Company; and such Persons so elected shall continue in Office, and be respectively Members of the said Committee, until the Half-yearly General Meeting which shall be held in the Month of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, or until others or another be appointed in their or either of their Stead, in pursuance of this Act; and at the said Half-yearly General Meeting, or at some Adjournment thereof, and also at the Expiration of every succeeding Year thereafter, to be computed from the said Half-yearly General Meeting, t<? be held in the Month of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, a new Committee of Fifteen Members shall be elected and appointed, out of the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, to

1557

4° GEORGII IV. Cop.lxxiv.

be the Committee of Management for conducting and managing the Affairs of the said Company, who shall continue in their Office for the Space of One Year, to be computed as last aforesaid, or until others or another shall be duly elected into their or any of their Places; provided that nothing herein contained shall render any One of the Committee, whose Office shall have expired, ineligible to be re-elected a Committeeman, if otherwise duly qualified : Provided also, that no Person shall be qualified to be elected, or to serve or act as a Member of the said Committee, who by Sale or otherwise shall cease to be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, or who shall hold any Place of Profit under the said Company, or who shall be concerned or interested in any Contract to be made or entered into under this Act, or who shall offer to take, or shall actually participate in any Manner in any Work to be done for the said Company, whether by Contract or otherwise.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Member of the Committee of Management to be elected by virtue of this Act shall die or become disqualified, or shall refuse or neglect to attend the Meetings of the said Committee for the Space of Three Calendar Months, it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any General or Special General Meeting to be called and held pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to elect some other Proprietor to be a Member of the said Committee; and every such Proprietor so elected to fill any Vacancy shall continue in his Office as a Member of the said Committee, so long as the Person in whose Place or Stead he was elected would have been entitled to have continued, if such Death, Disqualification, Refusal, or Neglect, had not happened.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be eligible to be elected One of the Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Undertaking, unless at the Time of the Election he shall be entitled to Four Shares in the said Undertaking.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall meet within Fourteen Days after being appointed, and at their First Meeting shall elect One of the Members of the said Committee to be Chairman, and another Member to be Deputy Chairman respectively for the Time such Committee shall continue in Office; but in case the Chairman so to be elected shall be absent at any of the Meetings of such Committee, the Deputy Chairman shall preside, and in case he shall likewise be absent, then the Members present at such Meeting shall, before they proceed upon any Business, elect from among themselves a Chairman pro tempore; and the said Committee shall hold their Meetings at such Place and as often as they shall think proper, but at least One in every Month, and may adjourn their Meetings from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit; and all Questions, Matters, and Things which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered by the said Committee of Management, at any of their Meetings, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of the Members then present, the Number present not being less than Five; and in Cases of an equal Number of Votes upon any Question, including the Vote of the Chairman for the Time being, such Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote; and if on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Com-

tLocal.] 17 T mittee,

Disqualifications to act.

For supplying Vacancies in Committee.

No Person to act as Committee-man, unless possessed of Four Shares. Meetings of the Committee, and Regulations for their Proceedings.

1558

Power of Committee.

Proceedings to be entered

Committee to make Calls.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

mittee, Five Members qualified to vote shall not attend, then and in every such Case the Meeting shall be adjourned to the following Day, if not a Sunday, and if the following Day shall be a Sunday then to the next Day following, by the Member or Members then present; and if no Member be present, then by the Clerk of the said Company, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place; and the Chairman for the Time being of the Committee, or any Five or more Members thereof, may at any Time when he or they shall think fit, call a Meeting of the Committee, by Notice in Writing signed by such Chairman, or by such Five or more Members, to be sent by the Post or otherwise to the Residence or Place of Abode of every Member of such Committee.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Management for the Time being shall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Company, and shall have full Power and Authority to meet and adjourn from Time to Time and from Place to Place within the said City, Suburbs or Vicinity, and also at any Time to call Special General Meetings of the said Company, for any Purpose they may think proper, and to appoint the Time and Place of holding the General Meetings, as well as any Special General Meetings, and to direct the Affairs and Business of the said Undertaking, as well in issuing, receiving, and laying out or disposing of all Sums of Money to be issued or received, laid out or disposed of for the Purposes of the same, as in contracting for and purchasing Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods and Chattels, for the Use of the said Undertaking; and in making and entering into Contracts or Agreements for lighting the said City, Suburbs and Vicinity, or any or either of them, or any such Streets, Squares, Highways, Market Places, Lanes, Ways, and public or private Houses or Buildings as aforesaid; and nominating, appointing, electing, placing, or displacing any Officer, Engineer, Agent, or Servant of the said Company (except the Treasurer or Treasurers and Clerk herein-before directed to be appointed by a General Meeting of the said Company), with such Salary, Gratuities, or Recompence, as to the said Committee shall seem proper $ and in ordering, directing, and employing the Works and Workmen, and in selling and disposing of all Articles provided, produced, or manufactured, under the Authority of this Act j and in making, enforcing, and rescinding all Contracts and Bargains touching or in anywise concerning the same, subject to such Orders, Bye-laws, Rules, and Regulations as shall be duly made by the said Company, in Restraint, Controul or Regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Orders and Proceedings of every Meeting, as well of the General and Special General Meetings of the Company as of the Committee of Management, shall be entered by the Clerk in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings, so entered and signed by the Clerk of the said Company, and by the Chairman of each respective Meeting, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts* and before all Judges. Justices and others.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall have fall Power to make such Call or Calls for Money from

1 5 the

1559

4° GEORGII IV. Gs/J.lxxiv.

the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, as such Committee shall from Time to Time find requisite and necessary for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, so that no one such Call do exceed the Sum of Five Pounds for or in respect of any One Share of Twenty-five Pounds, and so that no Calls be made but at the Distance of One Calendar Month at least from each other; and the Sum or several Sums of Money so to be called for shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Company for the Time being, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by such Committee, of which Time and Place Ten Days previous Notice shall be given, in such Manner as the said Committee shall direct or appoint in that Behalf; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse On Non-to pay his, her, or their Proportion of the Money to be called for, by the Space of Twenty Days next after the Time appointed for the Payment toabe’for_ thereof, together with lawful Interest for the same from such appointed feited.

Time of Payment, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, at some General or Special General Meeting to be held after such Neglect or Refusal, to declare all and every or any of the Share or Shares of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid to be forfeited, and from thenceforth the said Share or Shares so declared to be forfeited, and all the Profit and Benefit thereof, shall be vested in the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, to and for the Uses and Purposes of this Act.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Share or No Share to Shares of and in the said Undertaking shall be forfeited or vested in and be feited accrue to the said Company, until Notice shall have been published in {Je publUfied some one or more of the Newspapers published and circulated in the said \a a News-City of York, Thirty Days at least before the holding of such General or paper. Special General Meeting, in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and Account of the Money due from such Person or Persons for such Call or Calls, in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, exclusive of the Interest thereon; and no such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to or be vested in the said Company, if the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares shall, before the holding of such General or Special General Meeting, pay what shall be due thereon for such Call or Calls as aforesaid, and legal Interest for the same, and all the Expences attending the Application for and advertising the same as aforesaid, nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited by such General Meeting of the said Company.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares of Company the said Undertaking shall by virtue of this Act have become forfeited to empowered or vested in the said Company, as herein mentioned, then and in every shares such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company or their Committee of Management for the Time being, to sell or cause to be sold, by public Auction or private Contract, and by Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company to assign and transfer, such and so many of the Share or Shares so become forfeited, as the said Company or their said Committee of Management shall from Time to Time find necessary and direct to be sold unto such Person or Persons as shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns y and such Assignments and Transfers shall be good, valid, and

effectual

1560

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

effectual against the previous Owner or Owners of every such Share or Shares forfeited to or vested in the said Company, and so sold as afore-chaseMUr" said, and all Persons claiming under him, her, or them : Provided always, for such nCy in case the Money produced by the Sale of any such Share or Shares Shares shall as shall be forfeited by reason of the Nonpayment of any Call or Calls as be more than herein authorized, shall be more than sufficient to pay all such Arrears or ffith?tt0 Czdk as aforesaid, and legal Interest thereon, and the Expences attending Arrears of Sale or Sales, the Surplus of such Money shall be paid to the Person

Calls and or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged, on Interest and Demand: Provided also, that the said Company or their Committee of thereoiTthe ^anagement shall not by virtue of this Act sell or transfer or direct Surplus’to be to be so^ antl transferred any more of such Shares of such Defaulter or paid to the Defaulters in Payment of Calls than shall be sufficient, as near as may be, Owner on at the Time of such Call, to pay the Arrears due from such Defaulter or Demand. Defaulters for or on account of such Call or Calls, and the Interest and Expences attending the same; and from and after Payment of all and every such Call or Calls, and the Interest and Expences as aforesaid, any Share or Shares vested in the said Company as aforesaid which shall remain in their Hands unsold, shall revert to and again become the Property of the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged immediately before such Forfeiture as aforesaid, in such Manner as if such Calls had been duly and regularly paid.

Executors,

Administra-

tors, Committees and Guardians, indemnified in paying Calls.

For ascertaining the Proprietorship of Shares in certain Cases.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall die before Payment shall have been made by him, her, or them of the full Sum to be called for in respect thereof, as herein mentioned, without having made any sufficient Provision by Will or otherwise in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how the future Calls in respect thereof shall be answered, or in case any Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall become Lunatic before Payment shall have been made by him, her, or them of the full Sum to be called for in respect thereof as herein mentioned, or in case any Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid shall be a Minor or Minors, then and in such case the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Proprietor or Proprietors, and the Committee of any Lunatic or Lunatics, and the Guardian or Guardians of any Minor or Minors, shall and he and they is and are hereby authorized to raise and levy, out of any Funds or Effects vested in him or them respectively to or for the Use or Benefit of such deceased Proprietor or Proprietors, Lunatic or Lunatics, Minor or Minors, or of the Party or Parties entitled under him, her, or them respectively, to such Share or Shares, so much Money as shall from Time to Time be requisite and necessary to answer and pay the Call or Calls which shall be made on the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, under the Authority of this Actj and such Executors, Administrators, Committees or Guardians, shall be and they are hereby indemnified against their respective Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons whomsoever, for raising or levying and paying any Money which shall be called for as aforesaid, in respect of such Share or Shares.

XLV. And whereas in case any original Holder or Proprietor or Holders or Proprietors of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become Insolvent or Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom,

1561

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

dom, or shall transfer his, her, or their Right and Interest to some other Person or Persons, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the Clerk of the said Company, k may not be in the Power of any Officer acting for the said Company to ascertain who is or are the Owner or Proprietor or Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to be made on such Share or Shares, or to maintain any Action or Actions, Suit, orother Proceedings against him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, for the Recovery of the same; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where the Right and Property in any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subscribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal Means than by a Transfer and Conveyance thereof in the Form and Manner herein specified, or herein otherwise provided, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons, before a Master or a Master Extraordinary of His Majesty's tligh Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators,

Successors, or Assigns; and such Affidavit shall be delivered to and left with the Clerk to the said Company, to the Intent that he may preserve the same, and enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or List of Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Company; and in all or any of the said Cases, after Three Calendar Months Notice in Writing shall have been given by the said Clerk, to the Person or Persons stated in such Affidavit to be the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, to pay his, her, or their Proportion of Money so to be called for j and such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not have paid such his, her, or their Proportion as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Subscribers and Proprietors, at any General Meeting after the Expiration of such Notice, to declare the same Share or Shares to be forfeited $ and in such case the same shall become forfeited, and shall and may be sold and disposed of in such Manner as the said Subscribers or Proprietors at any Meeting or Meetings shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund of the said Company.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons Proofs reshall claim any Part or Share in the Joint Stock of the said Company, or quired where the Profits thereof, in right of Marriage, an Affidavit, containing a Copy B'Shts ac-of the Register of such Marriage, or the Purport of such Register, shall Marriage or be made and sworn to by some credible Person, before a Master or a Death. Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be delivered to and left with the Clerk for the Time being of the said Company, who shall preserve the same, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the said Clerk for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares in the said Undertaking; and the said Clerk shall be paid for every such Entry the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more, before such Person or Persons shall be entitled to sell and assign such Share or Shares, or to claim Payment of any Dividend

[Local.J 17 Z or *

1562

Power to break up the Soil and Pavement of Streets, to lay Pipes to and from Houses, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

or Dividends in respect thereof; and when any Person or Persons shall claim any Part or Share in the Joint Stock of the said Company, or the Profits thereof, under or by virtue of any Will or Bequest, or in a Course of Administration, the Probate Copy of the Will, or the Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died Intestate, respectively issuing out of one of th6 Ecclesiastical Courts of the Province of York, shall be produced and shown to the said Clerk, who shall make an Entry of such Will, or of so much thereof as shall relate to the Disposition of the Share or Shares of the Testator, or the Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died Intestate, and the said Clerk shall be paid for every such Entry the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more, before any Person or Persons shall be entitled to sell and assign such Share or Shares, or to claim Payment of any Dividend or Dividends in respect thereof: Provided nevertheless, that no Bequest or Clause in any such Will contained shall bind or affect or be construed to bind or affect the said Company, with Notice of any Trust or Disposition of any Share or Shares in the Joint Stock of the said Company, or the Gains and Profits thereof; but the Registry of any such Share or Shares shall be in the Name or Names of the Executor or Executors who shall prove the Will of such Testator, or the Administrator or Administrators of his Effects, whose Receipt or Receipts to the said Company for the Gains and Profits thereof, and to any Purchaser or Purchasers for the Amount of the Purchase Money paid upon the Sale and Conveyance of such Share or Shares, shall be good and effectual, and shall bind the Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons claiming Interest under such Testator, any R ule of Law or Equity to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company and their Successors, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered by their Servants, Agents, Workmen, and others, from Time to Time, to make and erect such Retorts, Gasometers, Receivers, and other Buildings, Cisterns, Engines, Machines, or other Apparatus, Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, Reservoirs, and other Works and Devices, and to sink and lay Pipes, and to erect and fix them against any Walls, of such Construction and in such Manner as the said Company shall think necessary or proper for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution; and also to break up the Soil and Pavement of any Streets, Squares, Highways, Market Places, Courts, Yards, Roads, Ways, Lanes, Passages, and other Places, or any Part of them, and to dig and sink Trenches and Drains, and lay Mains or Pipes, and put Stopcocks, Syphons, Plugs, or Branches from such Pipes in, under, across, and along such Places as aforesaid, and in such Manner as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, or supplying any such Light as aforesaid; and from Time to Time to alter the Position of, and to repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes, Stopcocks, Syphons, and Plugs or Branches, and also to carry, fit up, and furnish any Pipe, Cock, or Branch, or other necessary Apparatus from any Main or Pipe laid in any Street, Square, Highway, Market Place, Court, Yard, Road, Way, Lane, Passage, or other Place by the said Company by virtue of this Act, in, to, through, or against any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same, or any public or private Lamp from any of such Mains or Pipes; and to erect and set up any Machine or other Apparatus necessary or requisite for securing to any io Dwelling

1563

4' GEORGII IV. Cop.lxxiv.

Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, a proper and competent Supply of Gas, or for measuring or ascertaining the Extent of such Supply; and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which shall have been placed, or which shall be injured and damaged in such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, and to do all such other Acts, Matters, and Things as the said Company or their Successors shall from Time to Time think necessary and convenient for completing and amending, repairing, improving, supplying, and sustaining the same; provided that the same be done with as much Dispatch as possible, and that a proper Compensation be made for any Damage done thereby : Provided also, nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Company to carry, lay, or fix any Pipe or Pipes to, through, or against any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, Warehouses, Wharfs, private Buildings, Yards, or Grounds, for the Purpose of lighting any other Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, private Buildings, or any other Place or Places, or so to continue the same, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner and Occupier of every such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, private Buildings, Warehouses, Wharfs, Yards, or Grounds, through or against which any such Pipe or Pipes may be carried, laid, or fixed for the Purposes aforesaid.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorize or empower the said Company, or any of their Officers, Agents, or Servants, to break up the Soil of all or any Part of any of the public Streets, Squares, Market Places, Highways, or other public Places in the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, without the Consent of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, having the Property of such Soil, in Writing for that Purpose.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Consent is required to be and shall be obtained by the said Company, to break or take up or remove any Pavement, Soil, or Ground, in or of any Streets, Squares, Market Places, Highways, or other public Places in the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, in order to lay down any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, to convey Gas, or for any other Purpose which may be required under this Act, nothing in this Act contained shall, after such Consent obtained as aforesaid, and after Twenty-four Hours previous Notice (or in case of Emergency after Three Hours previous Notice) in Writing, from the said Company or their Clerk, given to or left at the Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, having the Property of such Soil or Pavement, be deemed or construed to extend to prevent the said Company from repairing such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, or from breaking or taking up or removing any Pavement, Soil, or Ground in or of any Streets, Squares, Market Places, Highways, or other public Places whatsoever, for the Purpose of laying down or repairing any such Main or Mains, or any Pipe or Pipes whatsoever, or for any other Purpose which may be required under this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case any Pipe, Cock, or Branch shall be carried or laid from any Main or Pipe of the said Company, into

or

Pavement, &c. not to be taken up without Consent of Persons having the Property thereof.

AfterConsent allowed for Company to break up Pavements, no further Consent necessary.

Company to remove Pipes, &c. on pn-

1564 4° GEORGII IV. C«/?.lxxiv.

vate Proper- or through any private Dwelling House, Manufactory, Warehouse, Wharf, ty,on Notice, building. Yard, or Ground, for the Purpose of lighting the same, or any other Dwelling House, Manufactory, Building, Yard, or Ground in pursuance of and conformably to the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained, and the Owner or Occupier of any such private Dwelling House, Manufactory, Warehouse, Wharf, Building, Yard, or Ground, into or through which such Pipe, Cock, or Branch shall pass or be laid, shall be desirous that the same Pipe, Cock, or Branch shall be altered or removed and taken away, and of such their Desire shall give Notice in Writing to the said Company, then and in every such Case the said Company shall, at the Cost and Charges of the Parties requiring the same, within Five Days after Receipt of such Notice, alter or remove and take away, or cause to be altered or removed and taken away, all or any such Pipes, Cocks, and Branches as shall have been so introduced and laid therein or thereupon, from any such Main or Pipe of the said Company as aforesaid; and in default thereof it shall and may be lawful to and for such Owner or Occupier, or any other Person or Persons acting under their Authority, to cause such Pipes, Cocks, and Branches to be altered or removed and taken away, as the Case may require.

This Act not

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this to affect the Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to defeat, abridge, Commission a^ter’ ^essen> obstruct, or in any Manner interfere with the Powers and er^Asses- " Authorities of the Commissioners or Assessors for lighting, paving, watch-sors, &c. ing, and otherwise improving the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, or any or either of them, or the Rights and Powers of any Person or Persons lawfully authorized to make, enlarge, widen, deepen, repair, cleanse, scour, or amend any Vault, Drain, or Sewer within the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity respectively.

Workmen in

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Workmen laying Pipes employed in laying or repairing any such Mains, Pipes, Plugs, Cocks, t0ocTthe Syphons, or Branches, shall do as little Damage as may be, and shall Pavement. forthwith fill in the Trenches and make good the Pavements and Roads, and carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby; and if after such Pavements or Roads shall have been so repaired and made good, the same shall within Six Calendar Months thereafter give way or require relaying or repairing, in consequence of such Pavements or Roads having been broken up for the Purpo.se of carrying this Act into Execution, the same shall be forthwith done and performed by and at the Expence of the said Company; and the said Company shall and they are hereby required to repair any Damage arising from any Drains, Sewers, or Cuts which may be made for carrying off the Washings or waste Liquids without any Delay, and shall in the meantime fence or guard and affix Lights during the Night, at or near the Place or Places where any Ground shall be opened, in such Manner as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, Cattle, or Carriages, and by and according to the Directions and Provisions contained in all or any of the Acts of Parliament now in force for paving, lighting, watching, and improving the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, or for preventing Nuisances therein; Provided also, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the said Company of Proprietors, or any of their Agents or Servants, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, in filling in any such Ground or removing Rub-

1565

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

bish or making good any such Pavements or Roads, or in case the same shall be imperfectly repaired, or in case the Ground so opened shall not be fenced or guarded and lighted, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in whom the Right of Soil of such Pavements or Roads shall be, or to and for the Commissioners for paving or otherwise improving the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, or his or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, or the Surveyors of the Highways within the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity for the Time being, to fill in such Ground and remove such Rubbish, and to repair and make good the Pavement of any Street, Square,

Highway, Market Place, Court, Yard, Road, Way, Lane, Passage, or other Place so broken up, and properly to fence or guard any such Trench or Excavation, and to place and maintain such Light or Lights during the Night, as to him or them shall seem necessary; and the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof shall be paid by the said Company or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in default of Payment thereof for Thirty Days next after Demand made for the Payment thereof (Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City of York, the Liberty of Saint Peter of York, or for any of the Three Ridings of the County of York, within their respective Jurisdictions, such Justice or Justices not being interested in the Matter in question), all such reasonable Costs, together with any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds by way of Penalty, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by a Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Penalties, Costs, Charges, and Expences, shall be paid to such Commissioners or their Surveyor.

LIlI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as the said For the Pro-Company or their Servants, Agents, or Workmen shall dig or sink any tection of Trench or Trenches for laying any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, or p‘Pes> other Apparatus, or shall open any Ground for the Purposes of this Act, v"nt the Soil in, upon, or near to which any Water Pipe or Water Pipes belonging to near them the Proprietors for the Time being of the York Waterworks, shall have being brol<en been laid or placed for the Purpose of conveying Water into, through, up without or about the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, or any Branch of any such Notice!" Water Pipe or Pipes, for the Service or Supply of any Dwelling House, Manufactory, public or private Building, the said Company, their Servants, Agents, or Workmen shall, and they are hereby required to give Twenty-four Hours previous Notice thereof in Writing, to the Manager, chief Clerk, or Engineer for the Time being of the Proprietors of the York Waterworks, to be left at the Dwelling House or Office of the said Manager, chief Clerk, or Engineer; and on every such Occasion the said Company, their Servants, Agents, and Workmen shall, under the Direction and Inspection of such Manager, chief Clerk, or Engineer, protect and secure such Water Pipe or Pipes from any Injury or Damage, and shall also repair and make good any Damage that shall or may be done to any such Pipe or Pipes on any such Occasion; and in default being made in any of the Matters aforesaid, the said Company shall forfeit [Local.'] i8 A and

1566 4° GEORGII IV. Cap-lxxiv.

and pay to such Manager, chief Clerk, or Engineer as aforesaid, for the Use of the Proprietors of the York Waterworks, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and also the Costs and Expences which shall have been incurred by the Proprietors for the Time being of the said Waterworks, in securing and protecting, or in repairing and making good any Injury or Damage that may have been done to such Pipe or Pipes by the Means aforesaid; such Costs and Expences to be ascertained by any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant.

For protect-

LIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall

ing the extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Corn-

Waterworks. pany, or any other Person or Persons acting under their Authority, in any way whatsoever to interfere with or abridge the Rights or Privileges of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having any Right, Privilege, or Power to supply the Inhabitants of the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, any or either of them respectively, with Water; and the said Company shall be and they are hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil, Injury, or Mischief which shall be done to any of the Pipes, Works, or Property of such Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, or the Pipes or Branches of any Person or Persons communicating with such Pipes, Works, or Property, or which shall or may be sustained by them, or any or either of them, by reason or in consequence of any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done or executed by the said Company or any of their Agents, Servants, or Workmen; and the said Company shall and they are hereby required to pay the Amount of such Damage, Spoil, Injury, or Mischief on Demand : Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enlarge or diminish any of the Rights or Privileges which any Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politic, may have or enjoy for supplying the Inhabitants of the said City, Suburbs, or Vicinity, or any or either of them with Water.

Liberty to

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Pro-proceedwith- prietors for the Time being of the said Waterworks, or their Manager, out the Di- chief Clerk, or Engineer for the Time being shall, at the Expiration of rection of the t^e Notice herein-before directed to be given to them or him as aforesaid, of the' Water- neglect or refuse to inspect the digging or sinking of any Trench or works, after Trenches for laying any Pipe or Pipes therein, or the Opening of any Notice. Ground for the Purposes of this Act, as herein-before authorized to be executed and performed under their Inspection as aforesaid, then the said Company or their Committee of Management for the Time being are hereby fully authorized to do and perform the Works specified in such Notice, without the Inspection of the said Proprietors pr their Manager, chief Clerk, or Engineer for the Time being: Provided also, that the Regulations herein-before contained shall not extend or be construed to prevent the said Company or their said Committee of Management, frppi doing all such Repairs and Renewals as shall from Time to Time be requisite and necessary to be done in or about any of their Works, which 6 shall

1567

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

shall have been originally executed under the Inspection or with the Consent of the said Proprietors as aforesaid.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every For protect-Person and Persons shall be and they are hereby made answerable for ,no1 e 0,n‘ any Damage, Spoil, Injury or Mischief which shall be done to any of the Pipes, Works, or Property of the said Company; and such Person and Persons is and are hereby required to pay the Amount of such Damage,

Spoil, Injury, or Mischief on Demand.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Main Pipes Gas Pipes to or other principal Conduits to be laid or used for the Conveyance of Gas, be laid Three in, under, through, along, across, or round any Street, Square, Market ^JeprpjJ)e8 Place, Lane, Passage, Court, or other Place within the City, Suburbs, in aparticu-and Vicinity, shall be so laid at the greatest practicable Distance; and lar Manner, whenever the Width of the Carriageway in such Street or Place will allow thereof, at the Distance of Three Feet at least from the nearest Part of any Main Water Pipe already laid down or hereafter to be laid down, for the Conveyance of Water in, under, through, along, across, or round any of the said Streets, Squares, Market Places, Lanes, Passages, Courts, or other Places within the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, except in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to lay the said Main Gas Pipes across any of the said Main Water Pipes, in which case the said Main Gas Pipes shall, where practicable, be laid over and above the said Main Water Pipes at the greatest practicable Distance therefrom, and shall form therewith a Right Angle; and in such Cases the said Main Gas Pipes so crossing the said Main Water Pipes shall, where practicable, be at least Six Feet in Length, so that no Joint of any of the said Main Gas Pipes shall be nearer to the Centre of the said Main Water Pipes than Three Feet at least; and that in laying down the said Main Gas Pipes, the said Gas Light Company and their Successors or Assigns, shall in no case join Two or more Gas Pipes together previous to their being laid in the Trench, but shall lay each Pipe as near as may be in its Place in the Trench, and shall in such Trench properly form the Jointing with the other Pipes to be added thereto with proper and sufficient Materials; and shall also make and keep all and every such Pipes and all Pipes connected or communicating therewith, and all the Screws, Joints,

Inlets, Apertures, or Openings therein respectively Air-tight, and in all and every respect prevent the said Gas from escaping therefrom, and from any Part thereof, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sun. of Five Pounds.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Water of the GasCom-Proprietors of the York Waterworks shall be contaminated by the Gas of ^EsJT e" the said Company, the said Company shall forfeit and pay for every such of Gas and* Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be sued for and re- Contamina-covered as any Penalty is hereby directed to be sued for and recovered, tion ofWater. which Penalty shall be applied to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Proprietors; and in case any such Water shall be contaminated or affected by Gas in any way whatsoever, then and in every such Case the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, shall within Twenty-four Hours next after Notice thereof in Writing, signed by any of the Directors or by the Treasurer, or by the Manager or chief Clerk for the Time being

1568

4° GEORGII IV. Cfljo.lxxiv.

of and for the said Proprietors, to be left at the usual Office or Place of transacting Business of the said Company, cause the most proper and effectual Measures to be taken effectually to stop and prevent the Gas from escaping from their Works, Mains, or Pipes, or contaminating or affecting the Water of the Proprietors; and in case the said Company, their Successors, or Assigns shall not, within Twenty-four Hours next after each and every such Notice so left as aforesaid, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from so escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of every such Complaint, and prevent all and every such Contamination (of which Escape and Contamination Notice shall be given as aforesaid), then and in every such Case the said Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall on each and every Complaint (whereof Notice shall be given as aforesaid) forfeit and pay to the Treasurer for the Time being, or to any one of the Directors for the Time being of the said Proprietors, for the Use and Benefit of the same Proprietors, over and above the before mentioned Penalty of Twenty Pounds to be recovered as aforesaid, the Sum of Ten Pounds for each and every Day during which the Water of the said Proprietors shall be and remain contaminated, tainted, or affected by the said Company; and in default of Payment thereof as aforesaid, such Penalty or Penalties shall and may be recovered by Information, to be exhibited on the Oath of One credible Witness, by and in the Name of the Treasurer, or by and in the Name of the Manager or chief Clerk for the Time being of the said Proprietors, or by and in the Name of any One or more of the Directors of the said Proprietors, at the Option of the Parties prosecuting such Information against the said Company, their Successors or Assigns, before any Justice of the Peace for the City of York, the Liberty of St. Peter of York, or for any of the Three Ridings of the County of York, within their respective Jurisdictions, with Costs to be assessed by such Justice, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, their Successors or Assigns, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant; and such Penalties and Costs, when so levied, shall be paid to the Treasurer or to One of the Directors for the Time being of the said Proprietors, for the Use of the same Proprietors.

For ascer-

LIX. And whereas it may be or become a Question upon such Com-Wat^isco* P^a*nt as aforesa*d, whether the said Water be contaminated or affected by taminated?11" ^as t^le Company; be it therefore enacted, That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Proprietors, to dig to and about and search and examine the Mains, Pipes, Conduits, and Apparatus of the said Company, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether such Contamination proceed or be occasioned by the Gas of the said Company j and if it shall appear that the said Water has been contaminated by any Escape of Gas of the said Company, the Costs and Expences of the said ^*gg‘ng> Search, and Examination and Repair of the Pavement of the Street or Streets which shall be taken up or disturbed, shall be borne and paid by the said Company, which Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and determined, if necessary, by such Justice as aforesaid, and be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty may be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that if upon such Examination it shall appear that such Contamination has not arisen from any such Escape of Gas from any of the Mains, Pipes, or

Conduits

1569

4° GEORGII IV. Cop.lxxiv.

Conduits of rfje said Company, then and in such Case the said Proprietors shall bear and pay all the Costs and Expences of such Examination, Repair, and Search, and shall also make good to the said Company any Loss,

Injury, or Damage which may be occasioned to the said Mains, Pipes,

Conduits, or Apparatus of the said Company in and by such Search and Examination, and also to the Pavement of the said Streets, so broken up or disturbed in such Search and Examination; the Amount of such Injury,

Loss, or Damage to be ascertained and determined, if necessary, by such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be found ij’’r of to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or set up by the "stap said Company, in pursuance of this Act, the said Company shall at their own Expence, immediately after receiving Notice by Parole or in Writing, to be left or given at their Office or usual Place of transacting their Business, of any such Escape of Gas from any Person or Persons whomsoever, stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Company shall not within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice by Parole or in Writing being given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from further escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of Complaint, that then and in every such Case the said Company shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each and every Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of giving any such Notice, during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid; which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recoverable in a summary Way on the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before some One or more such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and shall and may be recovered, with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, by the Warrant of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to be granted in like Manner and subject to the like Provisions as are herein directed touching other Penalties to be recovered from the said Company j and the same shall, when recovered, be paid to the Guardians or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish in which such Escape of Gas shall take place.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if for the Improvement or Alter- Power to ation of any of the Streets, Squares, Market Places, Highways, or other or

public Places within the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, it shall at any alter Time or Times be deemed necessary or expedient, by the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of any Parish in which any of the Pipes,

Stopcocks, Plugs, or Branches shall be laid down for the Purposes aforesaid, to require the said Company of Proprietors to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the Situation of any of the said Pipes, Stopcocks, Plugs, or Branches, or to complete and make good any Part of the Pavement so to be broken up as aforesaid, the said Company shall at their own Expence, within Thirty Days next after being required so to do by Notice in Writing to them given by the said Surveyors, raise, sink, or alter such Pipes, Stopcocks,

Plugs, or Branches according to such Notice, in such Manner and in such Place or Places as the said Surveyors shall think right or proper; and in Default thereof it shall be lawful for the said Surveyors or any other Person or Persons acting by their Order, or under their Authority, to cause such Pipes, Stopcocks, Plugs, or Branches to be raised, sunk, or altered, or [Local. 18 B such

1570 4° GEORGII IV. Gp.hody.

such Pavement to be completed and made good, and the reasonable Costs and Charges of doing the same shall immediately thereafter be paid by the said Company or by their Treasurer : Provided nevertheless, that if such reasonable Costs and Charges be not paid within One Calendar Month next after Demand shall be made of the said Company by such Surveyors or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the said Surveyors (Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witness before One or more such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid), all such reasonable Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant accordingly; and such Costs and Charges shall be paid to the said Surveyors.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall lay or cause to be laid any Iron, Leaden, or other Pipe, to communicate with any Pipe belonging to the said Company, without the Consent of the said Company under their Common Seal first had and obtained, nor use Burners of larger Dimensions than he, she, or they respectively shall contract or pay for, or supply any Inhabitant or other Person with any Part of such Gas, on pain of forfeiting and paying to the said Company, the Sum of Five Shillings for each and every Day such Pipe shall so remain, or such Excess be so committed, or such Supply furnished; to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, as the Case may require, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices shall and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to grant; and the Surplus, after such Penalty or Forfeiture and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction or Common Gaol of the said City of York, as the Case may require, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied $ and it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall so think fit, to take off the Gas from the House and Premises of the Person so offending by laying such Pipes, committing such Excess, or furnishing such Supply of Gas as aforesaid, notwithstanding any Contracts or Agreements which may have been previously entered into.

Power to

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

convey Company to make Sewers or Cuts, of such Breadth, Depth, and Dimen-

* ,ngs’ sions, and in such Manner as they shall think expedient, under the Streets, Ways, Lanes, and Avenues and Places within the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, any or either of them respectively, for the Purpose of carrying off the Washings and other waste Liquids which may arise in the Prosecution of the Works aforesaid; the said Company doing as little Damage 6 as

No Pipes of Communication to be laid without Consent of the Company.

1571

4" GEORGII IV. Cyixxiv.

as may be in making the said Sewers and Cuts, and immediately repairing at their own Expence all such Damage : Provided always, that no such Washings or other waste Liquid, or other Matter or Thing arising or made in the Manufacture of such Gas, shall be conducted or conveyed into any Brook or Stream of fresh Water whatsoever.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall at any Time empty, drain, or convey, or cause or suffer to be emptied, drained, or conveyed, or to run or flow any Washings, or other waste Liquids, Substances, or Things whatsoever, which shall arise or be produced in the Prosecution of the Works of the said Gas Light Company, or in the Process of obtaining the said Gas, into any Leat, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, or Spring Head or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or do or cause to be done any Annoyance, Act, or Thing to the Water contained in any such Leat, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, or Spring Head or Well, Drain, Sewer, or Ditch, then in each and in every such Case the said Company shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the whole of such Penalty shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same: Provided always, that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable, unless the same be sued for within Twelve Calendar Months from the Time that such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing shall have ceased and determined : Provided also, that over and above, and in addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, whether such Penalty shall have been sued for or recovered or not, in case any of the said Washings, or other waste Liquids or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things, shall be emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, into any Leat, Brook, or running Stream, or any Reservoir, Aqueduct, Feeder, Pond, Spring Head or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating therewith, or any such Annoyance, Act, or Thing shall be done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the said Company, and the said Company shall not, within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice shall have been given to them as aforesaid, stop, hinder, or prevent all and every such Washings, waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things from being emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or from running or flowing in manner aforesaid, and every such other Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing, from being done as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Company shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each and every Day such Washings, waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things, shall be so emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Act or Thing, shall be so done, or caused to be done as aforesaid; and such last-mentioned Penalty shall and may be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Informer, or to the Person or Persons who in the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Conviction shall take place shall have

Penalty on Company for conveying Washings into any Leat, Spring, &c.

1572

Company not to injure public Drains.

Contracts for supplying Gas, subject to certain Regulations.

Gas to be supplied eheaper than Oil

Service Pipes to be kept fully charged with Gas.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage by any such Act so done or committed.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company, or their Successors, Servants, Agents, Workmen, or others, shall not, by any Work to be done by virtue of this Act, damage or injure any public Sewer or Drain within the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity; and if any Damage or Injury shall unavoidably be done to any such Sewer or Drain, the said Company or their Successors shall forthwith well and sufficiently repair and make good every such Damage or Injury; and in Default thereof, then such Damage shall be recovered by the Surveyors of the Highways therein for the Time being, in the manner herein-after mentioned.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Commissioners, Assessors, or other Person or Persons having the Controul or Superintendence of the lighting and paving of the several Streets, Squares, Market Places, Courts, Yards, Passages, Lanes, Highways, or Places within the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, shall be desirous of having such Streets, Squares, Market Places, Courts, Yards, Passages, Lanes, Highways, or Places lighted with Gas, the said Company may and they are hereby empowered to contract and agree with the Commissioners, Assessors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to light the same with Gas, upon the Terms and Conditions herein-after specified; that is to say, the said Company shall supply such Quantity of Gas Lights, and such Number of Lamps with such Sorts of Burners, of such Dimensions, Constructions, and Qualities, to be set up in such Situations, and to continue burning at such Times, and for such Number of Hours, and under such Regulations, as the said Commissioners, Assessors, or other Person or Persons shall from Time to Time direct; and upon the said Company’s receiving annually for every public Lamp so required some yearly Price or Sum, to be mutually agreed on and contracted for, once in every Three Years, or oftener, between the said Commissioners, Assessors, or other Person or Persons, and the said Company.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company shall at any Time hereafter contract with any Commissioners, Assessors, or other Person or Persons having the Controul or Superintendence of the several Streets, Squares, Market Places, Courts, Yards, Passages, Lanes, Highways, or Places within the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, for lighting any of the public Lamps in any of the public Streets, Squares, Market Places, Courts, Yards, Passages, Lanes, Highways, or Places within the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, the said Company shall and they are hereby directed and required to supply such public Lamps which they shall so contract to light, with Gas of such a Quality as that such Streets, Squares, Highways, and other public Places, shall always be lighted at a cheaper Rate, and also be better lighted than the same could be with Oil, regard being had to the Intensity of Light.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Branch or Service Pipes which shall be put up by the said Company, for lighting the Streets, Squares, Highways, and other public Places of the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, any or either of them, under any Contract

or

1573

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

or Agreement with such Commissioners, Assessors, or other Persons thereunto authorized, shall be kept fully charged with Gas, and the Stopcocks shall be so formed and turned as not to impede or prevent the said Branch or Service Pipes being completely filled with Gas during the Time the same shall be lighted.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall contract with any such Assessors, or other Party or Parties as aforesaid, for lighting the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, or any Part of the same respectively, or any public or other Buildings therein, and shall not duly perform such Contract, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners or Assessors, or other Party or Parties, to determine such Contract, giving Three Calendar Months Notice thereof; and then and in such Case, and also at the Expiration of any Contract so to be made, it shall be lawful for the said Company, at the Expiration of such Contract or Determination thereof by such Notice, to remove the Mains, Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons, and other Materials belonging to the said Company, and employed in lighting the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, or any Buildings therein as aforesaid.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all and every Case where the Contract or Contracts so to be made and entered into by the said Company, shall be determined as aforesaid, and the Mains, Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons, and other Materials belonging to the said Company shall be taken away and removed by them accordingly, the said Company shall make good and repair the Pavements and Roads which shall have been opened and broken up by them for that Purpose without Delay, or in Default thereof, the same shall and may be repaired and made good by the Surveyors of the Highways, for the same or other Person or Persons having the Right of Soil in such Pavements or Roads, and the Costs and Charges attending the same shall be paid by the said Company, and be recovered as herein-after mentioned.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Party or Parties who shall contract with the said Company, or agree to take, use, or enjoy the Benefit of the said Gas in their private Dwelling Houses, Shops, Counting-houses, Inns, Taverns, Manufactories, or other Buildings, shall refuse or neglect, after the Space of Ten Days after Demand, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money then due for the same to the said Company, according to the Terms and Stipulations with the said Company, it shall be lawful for the said Company or their Clerk or Superintendent, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two of such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to levy the said Sum or Sums in respect whereof such Refusal or Neglect shall happen, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Party or Parties so refusing or neglecting, after the necessary Charges of making such Distress and Sale shall be first deducted; or the same, with Costs of Suit, may be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein /no Essoign, \_Local.~\ 18 C Protection,

If Contracts be not duly performed, they may be vacated on giving Notice.

In case of Determination of Contracts, Streets, 8cc. to be made good by the Company.

Remedy for Recovery of Rents.

1574

Penalty for

damaging

Pipes.

For compelling the Attendance of Witnesses.

For ascertaining and compelling Payment of Costs, Damages, and Expences.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously hinder or interrupt the said Company or their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or any of them, in doing or performing any of the Works, or in the Exercise of any of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or shall in anywise cause or procure such Interruption or Hindrance to take place,or shall wilfully or maliciously remove, take away, destroy, damage, or injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Post, Plug, Lamp, or other Apparatus, Matter, or Thing belonging to the said Company, or shall wilfully or maliciously waste any of the Inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, every Person so offending in any of the respective Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath or Affirmation of One credible Witness, before One or more such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the said Company any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and Three Times the Amount of the Damage done or occasioned by such Conduct, the same to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices; and such Penalty and Damage, together with reasonable Costs, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand of the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; or such Offender shall and may be committed to the House of Correction or the Common Gaol of the said City as the Case may require, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matter contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on Behalf of the Prosecutor or on Behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and (after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her, or their Costs, Charges, and Expences, if the same shall be required by such Witness or Witnesses) shall refuse or neglect to appear from Time to Time at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect to appear, or shall refuse to be examined upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer), and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, then and in every such Case such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Costs, Charges, Damages, Compensations, or Expences are by this Act directed to be paid or received by the said Company, to or for any Body Corporate or Politic, Commissioners, Assessors, or other Person or Persons, and the Amount of such Costs, Charges, Damages, Compensations, or Expences, shall not be agreed on by or between the Parties, and is not herein or hereby otherwise directed or authorized to be ascertained and recovered, the same shall be settled and determined by any Two or more Justices of the Peace (having Jurisdiction in the Place where such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences shall arise or be incurred) and who are hereby authorized and required, within Fourteen Days next after Com-5 plaint

1575

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

plaint and Application shall be made to them for that Purpose, by the Party aggrieved or entitled to claim Compensation, to inquire into, and upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, ascertain and determine the same in a summary Way; and in case the Amount of such Costs, Charges, Damages, Compensations, and Expences so to be ascertained and determined as aforesaid, shall not be paid and discharged within Ten Days next after the same shall have been so ascertained and determined, and Demand of Payment having been duly made, the Amount thereof, or of so much thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with any Penalties which may then have been incurred in consequence of such Nonpayment, shall and may upon Proof: by the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses of such Demand and Neglect of Payment, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties to whom it shall belong to pay the same, together with the Costs of such Distress and Sale by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Justices of the Peace (having Jurisdiction), which Warrant they are accordingly hereby authorized and directed to grant; and for the Purpose of being executed in a different Jurisdiction to that in which such Warrant shall have issued, such Warrant shall and may be endorsed by the Justice or Justices of such other Jurisdiction in the like Maimer as Warrants of Distress and Sale are now permitted and authorized j and the Amount which shall be recovered and received under such Warrant shall be paid to the Party or Parties authorized to claim and receive the same under the Provisions herein contained, who, after deducting the necessary Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall pay over the Surplus thereof (if any) to the Party or Parties so refusing or neglecting; or the Amount which shall be so ascertained and determined as aforesaid may be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Recovery for all and every the Offences in this Act mentioned, or against any Rule, and Applica-Order, or Bye-law made in pursuance thereof, in relation to which the Manner of convicting the Offenders or recovering of such Penalties and tna ies' Forfeitures is not particularly mentioned or directed, shall be adjudged by and recovered before any such Justice of the Peace in a summary Way; and such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to convict the Offender or Offenders, upon Information, by the Oath or Affirmation of any Person or Persons or on the Confession of the Party offending (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice is hereby authorized to administer); and in Default of Payment of such Penalties and Forfeitures, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained (the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted); and One Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Guardians or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, to be by them applied towards the Relief of the Poor of such Parish; and in case such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction,

then

1576 4° GEORGII IV. Cajw.lxxiv.

then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders ,o convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody, until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, for his or their Appearance before such Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by Way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant, it shall appear that sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction or Common Gaol of the said City, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

LXXVI. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect following shall be good, without alleging more than the Substance of the Offence j videlicet.

Form of 4 BE it remembered, That on the Day of

Conviction. in the Year of our Lord is [or are] convicted

* before me [or us, as the Case shall be~\ of His Majesty’s

* Justices of the Peace for the Riding of the County of Tork],

4 by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act] of having [specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when

* and where the same was committed], contrary to the said Act; and for

which Offence I [or we, as the Case shall be] do adjudge the said 4 to have forfeited the Sum of . Given

under my Hand and Seal, [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year 4 first above written.*

Proceedings

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, Body to be taken or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall be subject or liable to the Payment Calendar* any ^enal^es or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act, for Months. any Offence or Offences against this Act, hereby made cognizable by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, unless Information respecting such Offence or Offences shall have been lodged before a Magistrate, within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence is committed.

Distress not

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall to be deemed be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Want*"1 for ^ct’ ^*stress *tse^ shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Form Parties making the same a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any

Defect or Want of Form in any of the Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any subsequent Irregularity in the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved may recover by Action on the Case, full Satisfaction for the special Damage by him or them sustained in consequence of such Irregularity; but no Person or Persons shall recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends

shall,

1577

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxiv.

shall, before such Action brought, have been made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity as aforesaid, or who shall have been guilty of any Trespass or other wrongful Proceeding; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court in which any such Action shall be pending, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fir, whereupon such Proceedings,

Orders, and Judgments shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any this Act to Person or Persons from proceeding by Indictment or otherwise against pany froni the said Company, or against any of their Officers, Servants, or Work- being inmen in respect of any Works of the said Company, or the Method which dieted for a shall be employed by them for furnishing such Lights as aforesaid, as Nuisance, a public or private Nuisance, or from bringing any Action against the said Company or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works or Method of Lighting, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Nature of such Method of Lighting, or from the Carelessness or want of Skill in the Persons employed therein.

LXXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Tlli*Act not Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal, annul, J^c^for alter, or otherwise affect all or any of the Provisions or Enactments con- paving, tained in any Act or Acts for lighting, paving, watching, and otherwise lighting, &c. improving the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity, or any or either of them, norto or to exempt, excuse, or discharge the said Company, their Officers, Company 6 Servants, or Workmen, from all or any of the Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures from Punishments, Costs, or Charges, or other Matters or Things imposed or Penalties, charged, or which may be recovered or levied under or by virtue of the said Acts of Parliament, any or either of them, for or by reason of the neglecting or omitting to light or insufficiently lighting all or any of the Lamps to be fixed, erected, and placed by the said Company in all or any of the public Streets, Squares, Highways, Market Places, Courts,

Yards, Roads, Ways, Lanes, and Passages in the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity respectively j or for or in respect of the Breach or Nonperformance of all or any of the Contracts which shall or may be made and entered into by the said Company, to or with the said Assessors or other S"*f»ting in Execution of the said Act or Acts of Parliament, or any of them, for lighting the said City, Suburbs, and Vicinity with Gas, under or by virtue of this Act; or for or by reason of any Nuisance,

Obstruction, Annoyance, Offence, or other Matter or Thing, to be done or committed by the said Company, their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, contrary to all or any of the Provisions and Enactments in the said Act or Acts, or any of them, expressed and contained in anywise howsoever.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Company, or any Appeal. Person or Persons, shall think themselves, himself, or herself aggrieved [Local.'] ,8 D by

1578

Directing what shall b deemed service of Notice, &c. on the Company.

Expences of the Act how to be paid.

[Public Act.]

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.\\xw.

by any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or by any Byelaw, Rule, or Order to be made in pursuance hereof (and for which no particular Mode of Relief is herein-before appointed), the said Company, or such Person and Persons, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the East Riding of the County of York, within the Space of Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen; such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause thereof, to the said Company or other the Respondent or Respondents, and within Ten Days next after such Notice given, entering into a Recognizance before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said East Riding, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at such General or Quarter Sessions, and to abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award such Costs to either Party as they shall think proper; and the Determination of the Justices at such Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein it may be requisite or necessary for any Person or Persons, Party or Parties, to serve any Notice or Notices upon the said Company, or any Writ or Writs, or other legal Proceedings, the Service thereof upon the Chairman of the said Committee of Management for the Time being, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or upon the Clerk to the said Company for the Time being, or at the Office of such Clerk, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or at the Office of the said Company, or Service upon any Member of the Committee of Management for the Time being, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or upon any Agent or other Officer employed by the said Company, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Company.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, shall be paid and discharged out of the Monies already subscribed, or out of the first Monies which shall be subscribed for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for lighting, watching, and cleansing the Grange Road, and other Parts of the Parish of Saint Mari/ Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an 55 g. 3. Act of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from South- c.lxxvi. wark to Deptford, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for lighting, •watching, and cleansing certain Parts thereof.\ and other Places, in the Parish ^Bermondsey in the County of Surrey, certain of the Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, and divers other Persons therein named, are appointed a Committee for lighting, watching, and cleansing the several Roads, Streets, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Walks, Passages, and Places therein and herein-after mentioned: And whereas the Term granted to the said Trustees for putting the said recited Act into Execution is near expiring, and it would tend to the Convenience and Comfort of the Inhabitants of the several Roads, Streets, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, authorized to be lighted, watched, and cleansed by the said recited Act, if the several Powers contained in the said recited Act for that Purpose were continued: And whereas it is expedient that further and other Powers should be granted for the lighting, watching, and cleansing the several Roads, Streets, and Places, authorized to be lighted*

1582

4° GEOR.Gll IV. CapAxxv.

watched, and cleansed by the said Act, and the said several Powers would be better carried into Execution by Commissioners appointed for that Purpose; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Certain Parts That from and after the passing of this Act so much and such Parts of the ofrecitedActs saj^ rec}ted Act as relates to the lighting, watching, and cleansing the several repea ec. Roa(jS} Streets, and Places by the said recited Act authorized to be lighted, watched, and cleansed, shall be and the same is and are hereby declared to be repealed to all Intents and Purposes.

Commission-

II. And be it further enacted, That Samuel Bevington, Henry Bevington, ers* Francis Brewin, Joshua Butterworth the younger, William Martin Carter,

George Choumert, Bryan Donkin, Charles Easton, William Foster, John Gamble, Cleeve Jehohannon Hooper, Thomas Hooper, Thomas Laurance, Charles Miles, John Maunder, Thomas Norton, Joseph Nicholson, James Riley, William Rolls, Thomas Smith, Samuel Henry Sterry, John Smith, Thomas Shipton, Henry Sheppard, William Upcott, Richard Williams, James Williams, John Whayman, and James Wilson, being Persons inhabiting, occupying, possessing, or entitled unto Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Bermondsey, and their Successors, to be elected as herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act and the several Powers and Authorities hereby given and granted into Execution.

District.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Roads, Streets, Courts,

Yards, Alleys, Walks, Passages, and Places herein-after next mentioned, and described or referred unto, shall comprise the District within which this Act and the several Powers and Authorities hereby given and granted shall extend; that is to say, so much of the Grange Road as is within the Parish of Bermondsey, the Spa Road, the Neckinger Road, and also so much of the Blue Anchor Road as is within the Land Side Division of the said Parish of Bermondsey; also the Streets and Places called Evans* Place, Wright*s Buildings, Page's Walk, Willow Walk, Crimscot Street, The Grange Tard, Fendall Street, Great George Street, Little George Street, and so much of the Road or Street called Abbey Street or Abbey Road as extends from the Victualling House called the King John's Head to the Neckinger, and all Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, which now or at any Time hereafter may communicate with the said several Roads, Streets, and Places, situate within the said Parish of Bermondsey, except the Bermondsey New Road, Long Walk, Grange Walk, and a Passage leading from Bermondsey Square to the Grange Road.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Leasehold Messuage or Tenement situate in the Grange Road in the said Parish of Bermondsey (so far as respects the Leasehold Interest therein heretofore purchased by the Committee appointed by the said herein-before recited Act), and all the Lamps, Lamp Posts, Watchboxes, and all and every other Article or Thing which, previous to the Repeal of the said recited Act of the Fifty-fifth of George th£ ,■ ... 9 - Third,

Property of Committee vested in Commission-

1583

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

Third, belonged to, or was held by or in trust for the Committee by that Act appointed for lighting, watching, and cleansing the several Places therein mentioned, shall become the Property of and be vested in the Commissioners by this Act appointed; and the said Commissioners hereby Monies due appointed, or their Successors to be appointed in the Manner herein-after mentioned, shall and they are hereby empowered to collect and enforce ers the Payment of any Rate or Rates which, previous to the passing of this Act, had been made, laid, or assessed by the Committee appointed by the said recited Act, in such and the like Manner and by such Ways and Means as any Rate or Rates laid or assessed by the said Commissioners can or may be raised, levied, or collected by virtue of this Act, and to apply any such Monies to be so collected, and also any Balance or Balances in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Committee, in Payment and Discharge of any outstanding Account or Accounts due from the said Committee, or to or for the Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances, Bonds, Cove- Bonds, Con-nants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities made to or by or entered

into by any Person or Persons to or with the Committee appointed by the &c to remain said recited Act, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue in force, available in all Courts of Law or Equity, until the same be fully satisfied and performed on account and for the Benefit of the said Commissioners under this Act, in the same Manner as if such Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities had been entered into by such Person or Persons under or by virtue of this Act, or with the Commissioners hereby appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Debts due for the Commissioners appointed by this Act, to pay, allow, or defray, by the Com-from and out of any Money to be collected or received by or under the "1, Jtee be Powers hereby vested in the said Commissioners, any Debt, or Sum or Commission-Sums of Money due or owing to any Person or Persons from the Com- ers. mittee appointed in pursuance of the said recited Acr, or in anywise

relating thereto; and that all and every the Person or Persons to whom any such Money or Monies shall be due or owing from the said Committee under the said recited Act shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be entitled to be paid the same by the Commissioners for executing this Act, and have and be entitled to the like Remedies of suing for and recovering the same, as if the same had been due or owing by the said Commissioners under this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when any of the said Commis- For the Ap-sioners herein-before named or to be appointed as herein-after mentioned pointment of shall die or remove out of the said Parish, or by Writing under his Hand, new Com-to be delivered to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, shall decline to mlssl0ners-act, or shall neglect to attend at some Public Meeting of the said Commissioners, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, by Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of any Three or more of them, to elect and appoint some other Person, being an Inhabitant Householder within the said Parish of Bermondsey, to be a Commissioner in the Place of every Commissioner so dying, removing, declining, or neglecting to act; and every

1584

Qualification of Commissioners.

Penalty on acting if not qualified.

Oath of Qualification.

No Person to act as a Commissioner

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

every Person so elected shall be and is hereby vested with the same Powers for putting this Act into Execution, as if he had been named a Commissioner in and by this Act.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation of Qualification hereafter mentioned) unless he shall then be seised and possessed in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and in the actual Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a Real Estate in Law or Equity of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds, over and above what shall be sufficient to satisfy his Debts; and if any Person not being so qualified or being disqualified as a Commissioner as herein mentioned, or not having taken and subscribed the Oath, (or being a Quaker, made and subscribed the Affirmation) herein-after mentioned, shall presume to act as a Commissioner, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, together with Costs of Suit, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and wherein the Proof of Qualification shall lie on the Person prosecuted, and it shall be sufficient on the Part of the Prosecutor to prove that the Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; but nevertheless the Acts and Proceedings which shall have been done by any such Person touching the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of acting without such Qualification, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall take upon himself to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation hereafter mentioned), until he shall make and subscribe an Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, in the Words or to the Effect next hereinafter set forth, and which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them* are hereby empowered to administer:

I A.B. do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do 4 solemnly affirm], That I am in my own Right, or in the Right of my

* Wife [if the Party shall be married, if not, the Words, or in the Right of

* my Wile, to be omitted] in the actual Possession and Receipt of the

* Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear ‘ Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or possessed of or entitled to a Personal ‘ Estate of the Value of Two thousand Pounds, over and above what

* shall be sufficient to discharge my Debts, and that I will discharge the

* Duty of a Commissioner without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or ' Malice to any Person or Persons whomsoever. So help me GOD.*

[Or being a Quaker, omit the Words 1 So help me God.’]

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner under this Act who is a Victualler,

or

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxxv. 1585

or who shall sell Ale, Wine, Cider, or any Spirituous Liquors by Retail, vv,l° IS a Vic" or during the Time he shall enjoy any Office of Profit, or be concerned concerned in directly or indirectly in any Contract made by virtue of this Act, upon any Contract pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Time of such acting, to be recovered as aforesaid with full Costs of Suit.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners hereby ap- Time and pointed shall, on the Monday next after the passing of this Act, meet Place of together in the Committee Room of the Watch-house in the Grange Road First and aforesaid, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and ?ntherMeet’ Four in the Afternoon, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, ngS

and shall afterwards from Time to Time meet at the same or any other Place, and at or upon such Days and Times as they shall think proper, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case Three Commissioners If a sufficient

shall not attend at such Meeting, or at any subsequent Meeting within Number of One Hour after the Time appointed for such Meetings respectively, it Comm{ss,on* shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk to the said Commissioners, attend, the or in his Absence his Deputy or Assistant, to declare such Meeting to be Meeting to adjourned to a future Day within Fourteen Days after such Meeting was be adjourned appointed to have been held. b>’the clerk*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Three or more of the Special Meet-said Commissioners shall on any occasion think it necessary or expedient in8s may be to call or convene a Special General Meeting of the said Commissioners, cabeth

it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of such Commissioners, or for the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by an Order in Writing signed by any Three or more of them, although not assembled at a Meeting, to summon the same to be assembled at the Place where the preceding General Meeting was held, and at such Day and Time as such Three or more Commissioners shall direct, in which Writing Notice of the particular Object of such Special Meeting shall be specified, and thereupon the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall give Notice to the Commissioners requiring the same, and also to every Commissioner, by causing Notice to be given to them personally, or left at their respective usual Places of Abode, of the Day and Hour, and also of the Place whereat and of the Cause for holding such Meeting; and such Special General Meeting shall have Power to adjourn from Time to Time as the major Part of the Commissioners there present shall think proper.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers and No Act to be Authorities by this Act granted or vested in the said Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the major Part of them Meeting. C who shall attend any Public Meeting to be holden as by this Act directed, the Number of Commissioners present at any such Meeting not being less than Three, and that all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the Commissioners present at any such Meeting shall have the same Force and Effect as if done or made by all the Commissioners constituted by this Act; and that no Order or Proceeding so made shall be revoked or altered, unless by the Majority of the Commissioners present at some subsequent Meeting, the Number of the Commissioners attending which shall be Five at the least $ and that all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings Proceedings of the Commissioners at any of their Meetings shall be 10 be entered. [Local.'] 18 F entered

1586

Appointment of a Chair-

Power to appoint Treasurer, Collector, and other Officers, &c.

Treasurer and Clerk not to be the same Person, and the Trea-

strained from holding any other Office.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

entered into a Book or Books to be kept by their Clerk for the Time being for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Chairman for the Time being of such Meeting, and all such Acts, Orders, and Determinations so entered and signed, shall be deemed and taken to be original Acts, Orders, and Proceedings; and such Book or Books shall and may be produced, read, and taken as Evidence of all such Acts, Orders, and Proceedings therein entered, upon any Appeal, Hearing, Trial, or Information, or any Proceedings Civil or Criminal, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever.

XY. And be it further enacted, That at every Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held in pursuance of this Act, a Chairman shall be appointed, and that the said Commissioners shall at all such Meetings pay their own Expences; and that when and so often as it shall happen that there shall be an equal Number of Votes upon any one Question, including the Vote of the Chairman for the Time being, then it shall be lawful to and for the said Chairman to give the casting or decisive Vote, although he may have voted before.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may at their first or any subsequent Meeting, appoint one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Scavenger or Scavengers, Superintendent, Beadle, Watchmen, and such other Officer or Officers, to be employed by them in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities to them given by this Act as they shall think proper; and by and out of the Monies to arise from the Rates and Assessments by this Act authorized to be made, to allow, order, and direct such Sum and Sums of Money, Salaries, or Allowances, as they may think proper to be made or paid to such Clerks, Collectors, and other Persons so appointed for his and their Trouble, Attendance, Costs, and Expences as they the said Commissioners shall think fit; and from Time to Time to remove such Officers and Persons respectively as the said Commissioners shall see occasion, and again to appoint any other Person or Persons in their and every of their Room and Stead, as often as they shall think it fitting and expedient so to do; and shall take good and sufficient Security from every such Treasurer, Clerk, and Collector for the due Execution of his respective Office.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has or have been, or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer, for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold

7 or

1587

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Commissioners, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Accounts to and they are hereby required to order and direct a Book and Books be kept.

to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter, or cause to be entered, true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended for or on account of this Act, and of the several Articles,

Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid, which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Commissioners, or any Creditor or Creditors of the Rates or Duties hereby granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Commissioners and Creditors or any of them, shall and may take Copies of and Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse, or shall not permit the said Commissioners or such Creditor to inspect the same, or to make such Copy or Extract as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered and applied in manner herein-after mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That each and every Treasurer so to The Duty of be appointed by the said Commissioners is and are hereby directed and the Trea-required to keep distinct Accounts of the Monies by him received and surer* paid for and on account of the said Commissioners; and from Time to Time by and out of the Monies in his Hands, to pay and discharge all such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings shall from Time to Time order and direct.

XX. And be it further enacted, That each and every of such Trea- Treasurer surer, Collector, or other Officer so to be appointed, shall as often as an(1 nther they shall be thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any Three ^1st.to or more of them, render and deliver unto the said Commissioners, or

any Three or more of them, or to such Person as they shall appoint, distinct, true, and perfect Accounts in Writing, signed with their own Hands respectively, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers or Persons respectively received by virtue of such Appointment, or for or on account of the said Commissioners, and how much thereof hath been paid and applied, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct; and if any such Officer or Person so appointed as aforesaid, shall not render and deliver, signed with his own Hand, all

and

1588

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

and every such Statements and Accounts, when thereunto required as aforesaid, or shall not produce and deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to all Monies received and paid by him or them, or shall not pay the Monies in his Hands to such Commissioners or any Three or more of them, or to such Person as the said Commissioners shall direct, or shall not deliver to such Commissioners or to any other Person or Persons whom they shall direct, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, within Seven Days next after he or they shall have been required so to do, by a Notice in Writing signed by any Three of the said Commissioners, or delivered to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officers, then and in either of the said Cases, the said Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against such Officer or Officers so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Money that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, or against the Person or Persons having become Sureties for him or them; or such Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or any other Person whom they shall direct for that Purpose, may complain of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, *

or Place wherein such Officer so neglecting or refusing shall be or reside 5 e

and such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Collector so refusing or f

neglecting, and against whom such Complaint shall be made, to be 1

brought before him, and upon his appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or upon the Testimony of any credible Wit- 1

ness or Witnesses being of the People called Quakers, upon Affirmation I

(which Oath or Affirmation such Justice is hereby empowered to admi- I

nisterj, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall [

have been collected and received by any such Officer or Person shall remain due from such Officer or Person, then such Justice may and is t

hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences incurred and,

to be incurred thereabouts, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and other Effects of such Officer or Person respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Person can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the said Costs, Charges,

and Expences of distraining, removing, and selling the said Goods, Chattels and other Effects, and all such Costs and Expences as aforesaid} or if it shall in manner aforesaid appear to such Justice that such Officer or Person shall not have rendered such true and perfect Accounts signed as aforesaid, or shall have detained any Receipts or Vouchers, Rates,

Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, then and in each and every of such Case such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Surrey, or the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have rendered and delivered, signed as aforesaid, such true and perfect Account as aforesaid, and shall have delivered as aforesaid all Receipts and Vouchers relating thereto, and shall have paid all Monies remaining in his Hands, or shall have compounded

with

1589

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

with the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, for all such Money to their Joatisfaction, and shall have paid the Amount of such Composition in such Manner as they shall approve (and which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and accept), or until he shall have delivered up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid in his Custody or Power, or shall have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners: Provided always, that no such Imprison-Collector or other Officer, or Person so committed as aforesaid, shall be detained and kept in Prison by virtue of any such Warrant for any longer sircalendar Space of Time than Six Calendar Months. Months.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Collector of any of Collectors

the said Rates or Assessments shall at any Time retain and have in his liable to Pe-Hands any Sum or Sums of Money, amounting together to the Sum of of

Thirty Pounds, collected and received by virtue of such Appointment, for Jjoney

the Space of Fourteen Days, without paying over the same to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall have from Time to Time appointed or directed to receive the same, then every such Collector shall for every such Retention or Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the same Manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have been Offirersunder employed to receive, or who shall have received any Rates or other Monies, former Act to under or by virtue or on account of the Act hereby repealed, or shall account-have in his or their Custody or Possession any Vouchers, Books, Accounts,

Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to the said Roads, Streets, and Places hereby intended to be lighted, watched, and cleansed, or any of them, shall when required so to do account for and deliver the same to the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as are directed with respect to any Officer or Person appointed under this Act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prosecution Proceeding or Commitment, Action, or other Proceeding of or against any Trea- aSaiJ,st PnQ-surer, Collector, or other Officer by the said Commissioners appointed, discharge1^ shall in any Manner acquit, release, or discharge any Surety or Security Securities, that shall or may have been taken by or given to or for the said Commissioners for the due and faithful Execution of the Duties of any such Appointment, or for the due and punctual Payment and Application of the Monies received by him or them, in pursuance or by virtue of such Appointment, or for the proper Observance and Performance by him of the Duties enjoined on any such Treasurer, Collector, or other Officer by virtue of this Act; nor shall acquit, release, or discharge in any Manner any Person or Persons who shall have become bound for him or on his Behalf to the said Commissioners.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commis&ion-and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, to cause so many Lamp Irons or Lamp Lamps'^?*

[Local.18 G Posts

1590

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxxv.

Posts or Pipes to be put or affixed in, under, or upon the said Roads, Streets, or Places hereby authorized to be lighted and watched, or unto, upon, or against any House, Building, or Tenement, or the Walls, Fences, or Palisadoes within or next adjoining thereto, as they shall think proper and convenient; and to remove and alter such irons, Posts, and Pipes as they shall think meet, making good all Damages occasioned thereby; and also to cause such Number of Lamps, of such Sizes and Sorts, to be provided and placed in or upon such Lamp Irons or Lamp Posts, and such other Works to be done and performed as they shall think proper or necessary for lighting the said Roads, Streets, and Places so to be lighted and watched, or any of them, for and during such Hours and Seasons as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and also from Time to Time to contract with any Person or Persons for providing, lighting, maintaining, cleansing, and repairing the said Lamps, Irons, Posts, and Pipes.

Lamps, &c.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Lamps and Lamp Irons, vested in the with the Appendages which shall be purchased by the Commissioners for Commission- executjDg this Act, or of which they may become possessed by virtue of any of the Powers in this Act contained, or which may be set up by them for the Purposes aforesaid, and all the Dirt, Dust, Dung, Ashes, and Filth, to be swept, gathered, and collected under or by virtue of this Act, and all Watch-boxes, Watch-houses, and other Matters and Things which shall be used, erected, or fixed up by virtue of this Act, and all Materials and Implements which shall be purchased or provided by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall belong to and be the Property of, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, which Commissioners shall be known by the Name of " The Commissioners for lighting, watching, and cleansing the Grange Road and other Places in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey and the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment, as the Case may require, against any Person or Persons who shall steal or carry away, detain, spoil, injure, or destroy the several Articles and Things hereby vested in them the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient to state generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of " The Commissioners for lighting, watching, and cleansing the Grange Road, and other Places in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey," without particularly stating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall have Power and Authority from Time to Time to sell and dispose of, for the Purposes of this Act, all or any of the said Articles and Things, or any Part of the same respectively, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as they the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall think proper.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully take away, break, throw down, or damage any Lamp that shall be placed or set up as aforesaid, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light

1591

4" GEORGII IV. <Vhxv.

or Lights within the same, or take or throw away any of the Oil from or out of the said Lamps, or throw down or damage the Posts, Irons,

Pipes, or other Furniture thereof, it shall and may be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Oath made of the Commission of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party or Parties accused; or it shall and may also be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, v/ho shall see any such Offence committed, to seize, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing such Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, or otherwise to secure such Offender in order to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County as soon as conveniently may be, and such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath, for Affirmation, if the Person shall be a Quaker) any Witness or Witnesses who shall be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence, which Oath or Affirmation the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their Confession, or upon such Evidence as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Shillings for each Lamp or Lamp Iron, Post, Pipe, Furniture, or Oil, so broken, taken, thrown down, or damaged, or for every Light so extinguished as aforesaid; and moreover shall make such a Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and make such a Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Three Days, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Person* *e. shall carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage any Lamp cidentally or Lamps set up by Order of the said Commissioners, or any of the Posts, Ja«»agmg Irons, Pipes, or other Furniture thereof, or waste any of the Oil of the maePNati*-said Lamps, and shall not immediately on Demand make Satisfaction to faction, the said Commissioners for the Damage thereto done, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any One Justice of the Peace in and for the said County, upon Complaint to him made by any One of the said Commissioners or any of their Officers, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall do such Damage; and upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or in case of the Non-appearance of the Party or Parties complained against, to award such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners of such Lamp or Lamps, Posts, Irons, Pipes, Furniture, or Oil, or to the said Commissioners, as the Case shall be, for such Damage as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay forthwith such Sum or Sums of Money, the said Justice shall cause the same to be levied and raised by Distress and Sale of the Goods and

Chattels

1502

4U GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, together with the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Distress and Sale, rendering to him, her, or them on Demand, the Overplus of the Monies arising by such Sale; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found to pay and satisfy the Money so directed to be levied, such Justice shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Surrey, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, or until he or she pay the Sum so awarded, together with such Costs and Charges.

Commission-

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Watclf-houses ^all an£* maY> they see Occasion, cause any other Watch-house or Watch* Watchmen, houses to be built, and also such Number of other Watch-boxes to be and Beadles, purchased, provided, erected, and built, and to affix the same against the Sides of any Houses, Buildings, Fences, or Places in the said Roads, Streets, and Places, when, where, and as they shall think fit; and to appoint such a Number of fit and able-bodied Men as Watchmen, Guards, or Patroles, as they shall think proper from Time to Time, to watch and guard the said Roads, Streets, and Places herein-before mentioned, and hereby authorized to be lighted and watched, and also One or more Person or Persons to act as Superintendent or Superintendents of the said Watchmen, Guards, or Patroles, and give and make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations concerning the Manner in which the said Superintendents, Watchmen, Guards, and Patroles shall be armed, and for the watching and guarding the said Roads, Streets, and Places, as they the said Commissioners shall judge expedient; and from Time to Time to remove any of the said Superintendents, Watchmen, Guards, or Patroles, and appoint others in their Stead as Occasion shall require; and out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, to pay the Expences of purchasing, building, and fitting up such Watch-houses and Watch-boxes, and also such Allowances or Payments as the said Commissioners shall think proper to make or give to such Superintendents, Watchmen, Guards, and Patroles, for their Attendance, Trouble, and Labour in the Performance of their respective Duties, and also to pay and defray all other necessary Charges and Expences incident to and attending the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby given to them.

Penalty on

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons damaging shall displace, overturn, damage or injure any Watch-houses or Watch-Watch-boxes. boxes, such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay, by way of Penalty, any Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds, as the said Commissioners shall direct.

Duty of

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Superintendents, Watch-

men» Guards, and Patroles shall, and they are hereby required to use •n ea es. best £n(jeavours to prevent jj Mischief by Fire, and all Murders,

Burglaries, Robberies, Disturbances, and Breaches of the Peace, and all Riots, Outrages, Misdemeanors, Indecencies, or Disorders on or in the said Roads, Streets, and Places, or contiguous thereto, or in any House or Building abutting on or near the said Roads, Streets, and Places; and shall and they and every of them are hereby empowered and required, without further Warrant to arrest, apprehend, and detain in the Watch-house or other convenient Place, to be provided or appointed by the said io Commissioners

1593

4° GEORGII IV. Ca/Uxxv.

Commissioners for the Purpose, or otherwise as they may be able, all Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds, Disturbers of the Peace, and all other disorderly and suspicious Persons who shall be found loitering, wandering, or misbehaving themselves, or committing any Offences or Disorders on, in, or near the said Roads, Streets, and Places, or in any House or Building abutting on or near the said Roads, Streets, and Places, so hereby authorized to be lighted and watched, or whom the said Superintendents, Watchmen, Guards, or Patroles, or any of them, shall have Reason or just Cause to suspect of evil Design, and the Person or Persons so apprehended, to carry as soon as conveniently may be, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Surrey, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Superintendents, Watchmen, Guards, and Patroles, shall be sworn in as Constables before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County of Surrey, and act as such while in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of this Act, and they are hereby invested with, and shall have and enjoy the like Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Immunities, as any Constable or Constables is or are invested with, or have and enjoy by Law.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause Rewards in Money to be paid to the Superintendents, Watchmen, Guards, and Patroles appointed or to be appointed by the Authority of this Act, who may be disabled or wounded in the Execution of their Office, or for extraordinary Vigilance as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, and to be paid out of the Monies to be collected by virtue of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of a Public House or Shop for the Retail of Beer or Spirituous Liquors, shall keep open House at unseasonable Hours, or shall permit or suffer any Disturbance or Outrage to be committed therein, or shall knowingly and willingly harbour or entertain any Superintendent, Patrole, or Watchman employed by the said Commissioners, or permit or suffer any such Superintendent, Patrole, or Watchman to remain in his, her, or their Public House, Shop, or Cellar, during any Part of the Time appointed for their being on Duty, every such Victualler or Keeper of such House, Shop, or Cellar, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to purchase Carts, Horses, and all other necessary Vehicles and Implements for cleansing the Pavements of the said Roads, Streets, and Places empowered by this Act to be cleansed, lighted, and watched, and for the Removal of the Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Soil, and Filth therefrom, or to agree by private Contract or by public Auction, or by Tender or Proposal if they shall think fit, for any Time not exceeding Three Years, with any Person or Persons, to be the Scavenger or Scavengers, Raker or Rakers, Cleanser or Cleansers of the said Roads, Streets, and Places within the Jurisdiction aforesaid; and such Person or Persons on a certain Day in every Week, and oftener when

Watchmen, &c. vested with the Powers of Constables.

Commissioners may reward Watchmen wounded or disabled in their Service.

Punishing Victuallers permitting Watchmen to remain in their Houses or Shops.

To employ Persons to cleanse, aftd to purchase CarW and other Vehicles for that Purpose.

Duty of Sea-vengers.

1594

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

thereunto required by any Three or more of the said Commissioners, or any Inspector or other Officer or Person by them or any of them appointed, shall bring or cause to be brought One or more convenient Cart or Carts, with proper Horses and a sufficient Number of Labourers into the said Road called Grange Road, and into other the Roads, Streets, Lanes, and open Places comprized within or authorized to be cleansed by or under this Act, in which such Carts or Carriages can pass; and also a sufficient Number of Wheelbarrows, Baskets, and other sufficient Vehicles and Labourers, into all the Courts, Alleys, and other open Places within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, into which no such Carts can conveniently pass and repass; and at or before the Approach of such Cart, Carriage, or Vehicle, into or near the said Roads, Streets, and Places, give Notice (by Bell, Horn, Clapper, or otherwise by a loud Noise or Cry) to the Inhabitants thereof of such their Approach, and such Scavengers, Rakers, or Cleansers shall take and carry away, or cause to be taken and carried away from the respective Houses and Premises of the Inhabitants and Occupiers, their Soil, Ashes, Cinders, Rubbish, Dust, Dirt, and Filth, at the Costs and Charges of such Scavengers, Rakers, and Cleansers, upon Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Neglect or Default (except nevertheless all such Rubbish, Earth, Dust, and Filth, as shall be occasioned by building, repairing, amending, or altering any House or Houses, or any other Building or Buildings, or by cleansing or repairing any Drain or Sewer) j and if any Person or Persons shall refuse to permit such other Soil, Ashes, Cinders, Rubbish, Dust, Dirt, or Filth, to be taken awray by the Scavengers, Rakers, or Cleansers, or other Persons appointed by and agreeing with the said Commissioners or other Persons as aforesaid, then every such Person or Persons so offending shall in like Manner forfeit and shall pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, either to contract and agree with, and to appoint the same Person or Persons, or a different Person or other Persons to be the Scavenger, Raker, or Cleanser of the said Streets and public Places, and to be the Person or Persons to collect and carry away, and possess and retain the Soil, Ashes, Cinders, Rubbish, Dust, Dirt, and Filth, from the Houses and Premises within the said Roads, Streets, and Places comprized within this Act as they shall deem most expedient.

Rubbish and

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Rubbish, Earth, Dust, or Soil occa- Soil, occasioned by erecting, repairing, amending, or altering any House pairim; ^re* or ^ouses» or other Building or Buildings within the District comprized Houses or within this Act, shall be carried away by or at the Charge of the Owner Sewers, to be or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Houses, Building removed by or Buildings, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after the same t ie wners. shall piacec| or laid in any of the said Places; and that all Rubbish, Soil, or Filth, occasioned by repairing, casting, or cleansing any Drain or Sewer within the District aforesaid, shall be carried away by the Person or Persons by whose Order or Direction such Sewer or Drain shall be cast or cleansed, if the same shall not be cast or cleansed by or under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers, or if the said Sewers or Drains shall be public Drains or Sewers, or cleansed by or under the Direction of the said Commissioners of Sewers, then by or at the Charge of the said Commissioners of Sewers, within the like Space of Twenty-four Hours next after the same shall be placed or laid in any io of

1595

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

of the said Places; and on Neglect thereof the Person or Persons by whose Order or Direction such Drain or Sewer shall be cast or cleansed, or the Surveyor to the said Commissioners of Sewers for the Time being (as the Case may be) shall forfeit and pay Five Shillings for every Hour the same shall remain after the Expiration of the said Twenty-four Hours.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons penalty for whosoever shall throw, cast, or lay, or cause, permit, or suffer to be laying Ashes, thrown, cast, or laid, any Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Soil, Rubbish, or other

Filth whatsoever before any Dwelling House, Shop, Stable, Building, or u Wall, in either of the said Roads, Streets, Walks, Courts, Yards, Alleys,

Passages, or Places comprized within this Act, but shall keep or cause the same to be kept in their respective Houses or Yards, until such Time as the Person or Persons by the said Commissioners contracted with or employed to carry away such Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Soil, Rubbish or Filth, do come before or near their respective Houses, Doors, or Places where they dwell, with a Cart or Carts or other Conveniences for carrying away the same, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons No Person to other than the Scavenger, Raker, Cleanser, or other the Person or Per- collect Ashe* sons employed or appointed by or contracting with the said Commission- but the lSca* ers, or such other Person as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners pioy^Tby" to collect and retain the said Dust, Cinders, or Ashes, or those em- the Comuns-ployed by and under such Person or Persons, shall, on any Pretence sionera. whatsoever, go about to collect or gather, or shall ask for, take, receive,

or carry away any Dust, Cinders, or Ashes, from the Houses or other Premises of any of the Inhabitants of the said Roads, Streets, Passages, and Places comprized within this Act, except such Person or Persons as shall or may be employed by any Inhabitant of the Roads, Streets, and Places comprized in this Act, for the Purpose of removing such Dust,

Cinders, or Ashes, from the House or Premises therein occupied by such Inhabitant, to any other Place occupied by such Inhabitant, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for tile said County, upon Complaint to him made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him such Offender or Offenders, and also for any Person or Persons who shall see any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, together with the Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows, or other Carriages or Implements made use of for carrying the same away; and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, and every such Justice shall, and he is hereby authorized and required, to examine upon Oath the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender or Offenders, or any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties so accused shall be convicted of going about contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, to collect or gather, or of asking for, receiving, or carrying away any Dust, Cinders, or Ashes from any House or other Premises within any of the said Roads, Streets, or Places under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, not being the Person or Persons

1596

Liberty for Inhabitants to remove their Ashes for their own private Use.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

sons employed or appointed by or contracting with the said Commissioners, to collect and possess the Dust, Cinders, and Ashes from such Houses and Premises, or not acting with or under his or their Authority, he, she, or they so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; One Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, or to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety shall be paid and shall belong to the Person or Persons so employed or appointed by or contracting with the said Commissioners; and if such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay the said Penalty or Penalties, such Justice is hereby required to direct such Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows, or other Carriages and Implements which shall have been so seized, to be appraised and sold, and after deducting out of the Monies to arise by such Sale the Penalty or Penalties incurred, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Warrant, and of such Distress, Appraisement, and Sale, the Overplus thereof shall be returned upon Demand to the Party or Parties whose Horses and other Things shall have been appraised and sold; and in case there shall have been no such Seizure as aforesaid, or if the Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts, or other Things which shall be appraised and sold, shall not produce a sufficient Sum of Money to pay the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, and if such Offender or Offenders shall not upon the Conviction pay the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, or such Part or Parts of the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, which shall remain over and above the Produce of the Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts, or other Things so seized and sold, then such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, and every Part thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any of the Inhabitants of the said Roads, Streets, or Places comprized within this Act, from preserving or keeping any Dung, Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Filth, or Rubbish within their Houses, Yards, or Gardens, for their own Use, or removing the same to any other Place or Places by them occupied, so as such Dung, Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Filth, or Rubbish be not laid down or placed in the said Roads, Streets, Passages, or Places for any longer Time than shall be necessary for loading and carrying away the same, or be of any Annoyance to the Inhabitants residing therein; but in case the Person or Persons so preserving such Dung, Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Filth, or Rubbish, shall permit or suffer the same to become a Nuisance or Annoyance to any of such Inhabitants, and shall not remove the same for the Space of Twenty-four Hours after Notice in Writing given to him or them under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or left at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, to remove the same, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay Ten Shillings for every Day such Annoyance shall be permitted to remain after such Notice given as aforesaid.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv. 1597

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or 0n Neglect Persons so employed or appointed by or contracting with the Commis- remove sioners for the Purposes aforesaid, shall neglect for the Space of Seven j)ust> same Days to bring or cause to be brought Carts or proper Carriages into all to be re-the Roads, Streets, or public Places aforesaid, where such Carts or Car- moved by riages can pass, or into such Places in which such Carts cannot pass and er‘ repass, such Wheelbarrows, Baskets, or other sufficient Vehicle for the removing and taking away the said Soil, Ashes, Cinders, Rubbish, Mud,

Slop, Dust, Dirt, and Filth, except as herein-before mentioned, and to give Notice in Manner aforesaid to the Inhabitants of their coming, for the Purpose of taking away the same, and to give the like Notice in every Place into which the said Carts and Carriages cannot pass, or to take away and remove all such Dust, Dirt, Soil, Rubbish, Filth, Cinders, or Ashes from the Houses and Premises of all and every the Inhabitants of the said Roads, Streets, or public Places comprized in this Act, or from such Part or Parts of such Houses or Premises where such Dust, Dirt,

Soil, Rubbish, Filth, Cinders, or Ashes shall be deposited; then and in every such Case (after Twenty-four Hours Notice given to the Person or Persons so employed or appointed by or contracting with the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, or left for him or them at his or their usual House or Houses, Yard, or other Premises, requiring him or them to bring or cause to be brought Carts or Carriages, Wheelbarrows,

Baskets, and other sufficient Vehicles, to take away such Dust, Dirt,

Filth, Cinders, or Ashes, and to take away and remove the same from their respective Houses and Premises), it shall and may be lawful for such of the Inhabitants of the said Roads, Streets, or Places, who shall have given such Notice as aforesaid, to give away or to sell their Dust, Dirt,

Filth, Cinders, or Ashes, to any Person whomsoever; and such Person or Persons who shall take and carry away the said Dust, Dirt, Filth,

Cinders, or Ashes, shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty or Penalties for so doing upon every such Neglect, any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Commission-may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to ers may con-contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the doing and performing all or any of the Works by this Act authorized or directed to be done and performed, which Contract and Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times within which the same Works are to be performed and completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof, and also by the Persons contracting to perform the same respectively : Provided also, that if the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion that it will not be of Advantage to the said Commissioners to contract with the Person or Persons offering the lowest Price, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to contract with such other Person or Persons as they shall think proper.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Contract Commission-which shall be made by the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes ers not to be of this Act shall be binding upon the said Commissioners as Individuals personally or in their private Capacity, nor shall any of the said Commissioners per- Co^tracti sonally, or their respective Estates, be answerable for or subject to the [Local.'] 18 I Payment

1598

Streets to be named, and the Houses numbered.

Penalty on Owners not restoring Numbers.

Nuisances, and Annoyances, from beating Carpets, break-

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

Payment of any of the Mortgages or Annuities to be granted in pursuance of this Act; and that all Money which shall be expended by or recovered against any of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons employed by them, by means of any Action or Suit, Prosecution or Appeal, to be brought by or against them, or any of them, touching the Execution of this Act, shall be borne and defrayed by and out of the Money which shall come to the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act; but nothing herein contained shall extend to exonerate or discharge any of the said Commissioners, their Houses, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, or Effects, from the Payment of the Rates or Assessments to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to order and direct to be affixed, engraved, painted, or otherwise described on a conspicuous Part of some House or other Building, at or near the End or Corner of each Road, Street, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place hereby authorized to be cleansed, lighted, and watched, the Name by which such respective Road, Street, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, is usually or properly called or known, or which the said Commissioners may hereafter determine any such Road, Street, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, shall in future be designated or called; and also shall and may order and direct the several Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and Buildings within the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, public Passages and Places, or any of them, to be numbered with Figures painted or placed on the Door of every such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, or such other Part thereof as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and if any Person shall wilfully destroy, obliterate, or deface any of such Names or Numbers, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That when any such Number or Numbers, Figure or Figures, affixed, engraved, painted, or put on any House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, within any of the said Roads, Streets, or Places aforesaid, shall be defaced or rubbed out, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, where the Number or Numbers, Figure or Figures, shall have been so defaced or rubbed out, shall, upon Notice in Writing left at such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, cause the same Number or Numbers, Figure or Figures, to be in the same or like Manner affixed, engraved, painted, or put on such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Buildings, within Seven Days after such Notice; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to comply with such Order, every such Owner or Occupier shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall in the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the Limits of this Act, at any Time or Times hereafter, beat or dust any Carpet or Carpets, Hearth Rug or Mat, or shall drive any Carriage or Carriages, o for

4° GEORGII IV. Ca//.lxxv.

for the Purpose of breaking, exercising, or trying Horses, or shall ride any Horse for the Purpose of exercising, airing, trying, shewing, or exposing such Horse for Sale (otherwise than by passing through the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, and public Places), or shall throw, cast or lay, or shall cause, permit, or suffer to be thrown, cast or laid, or to remain, any Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Rubbish, Offal, or Vegetables, or any other Offal, Dung, Soil, Blood, or other Filth or Annoyance, or any other Matter or Thing in or upon the Carriage or Footways of any such Road, Street, Lane, or other public Place within the Limits of this Act, or shall sift, screen, or slack any Lime (except within Hoards or InclosureS) in the said Road, Streets, Lanes, and other public Places, or cause the same to be so done, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby required upon Complaint to him made, upon Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue a Summons, requiring such Offender or Offenders to appear before him, at such Time and Place as shall be in such Summons specified, or it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall see any such Offence committed, if he or they shall think proper, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, such Offender or Offenders by the Authority of this Act; and by such Authority and without any other Warrant whatsoever, to convey such Offender or Offenders before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, and upon the Party or Parties appearing in pursuance of such Summons, or not appearing after having been so summoned or being brought before such Justice when so seized or otherwise, he the said Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath or Affirmation any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any or either of the Offences aforesaid, upon his or their own Confession, or upon the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so convicted, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds for each and every Offence, and that one Moiety of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, or to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend such Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the said Commissioners.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall upon any of the Footways or Foot Pavements within the Limits aforesaid, run, draw, drive, or carry thereon, any Truck, Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Bier, or Carriage whatsoever, or roll any Cask or Tub, other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof unto, upon, from, or out of any Carriage or Cart, or wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse or other Beast or Cattle whatever on any of the said Footways or Foot Pavements, or wilfully permit or suffer any Horse or other Beast or Cattle which such Person may be riding, driving, or leading to go thereon, or shall tie or fasten any Horse or other Cattle to any House, Wall, Fence, Post, Tree, or other Thing whatsoever, across any of the said Footways or Foot Pavements, or set any Cask, Tub, Pail, Bucket, Stool, Bench, Shew Board, Chopping Block, Basket, or Stall, on or in the said Footway or Foot Pavement, or erect, set up, put or place any Blind, Shade, Coverlid,

1599

ing Horses, drawing Bar-rows and Carriages on Pavements, and throwing Filth, prohibited.

For preventing various Nuisances and Obstructions.

1600

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

or Awning, or any other Matter or Thing, so as in anyway to cause any Obstruction or Impediment in the Footway or Foot Pavement; or shall in any Road, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, public Passage or Place within the Limits of this Act, hoop, fire, cleanse, wash, or scald any Cask or Tub, or hew, saw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bore any Timber, or make or repair, or wash or clean any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage, or the Wheel, Body, Springs, or other Part of any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage, except such as may want immediate Repair from any sudden Accident on the Spot, and which cannot be conveniently removed for that Purpose; and also except for the necessary Time of any Stage Coach, Hackney Coach, or other Carriage let for Hire, taking up and setting down any Fare, or waiting for Passengers when actually hired; or shoe, bleed, or farry any Horse or other Beast, (unless in case of sudden Accident), or clean, dress, drive, or turn loose any Horse or other Beast or Cattle, or shew or expose to Sale any Horse or other Beast; or kill or slaughter, or scald, singe, dress, or cut up any Animal, either wholly or in part, or cause or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughter House, Butcher’s Shop or Shamble, into the said Roads, Streets, or Places, or any of them; or shall sell or assist in selling by Auction or public Sale, any Cattle, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Thing or Things whatsoever, in any of the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, public Passages or Places, or hang up, place, or expose to Sale, or cause or permit to be hanged up, placed, or exposed to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, or any Fruit, Vegetables or Garden Stuff, Butcher’s Meat, Offal, or other Matter or Thing in or upon, or so as to project over or upon the Footway or Carriageway of any such Roads, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, public Passages, or Places, or beyond the Line, or on the Outside of the Window or Windows, or in the Area or Areas of the House, Shop, or Place at which the same shall be so hanged up, placed, or exposed to Sale, or so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage, or leave open after Sun-set and before Sun-rise, the Door or Window of any Area, Cellar, or other underground Rooin or Apartment, or Openings leading to any Building or Premises, without having placed or left a sufficient Light therein to warn and prevent Persons passing in the Roads, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, and public Places, within the said Limits, fr<5m falling into such Cellars or other underground Rooms, Apartments, or Openings; or throw at any Cock or Fowl in the Manner called Cock-throwing, or set up any Cock or Fowl to be thrown at in such Manner; or play at Foot Ball, or at any other Game to the Annoyance of any Inhabitant or Inhabitants, Passenger or Passengers; or shall wilfully break, aid, or abet, or assist in wilfully breaking any Glass or Window Panes, or Windows in or belonging to any Dwelling House or Building; or cause, make, or assist in making any Bonfire, or wantonly discharge or fire off any Gun, Pistol, or Blunderbuss, or other Firearms, or let off, set fire to, or throw any Cracker, Squib, Rocket, or other Firework; or shall occasion any Kind of Obstruction or Annoyance in or upon any of such Roads, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, public Passages or Places, or shall obstruct or incommode, hinder, or prevent the free Passage of any Footway or Causeway, or prejudice or annoy in any Manner whatsoever any Person or Persons travelling, passing, or going thereon within the said Limits, then and

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv. 1601

every such Case every Person so offending shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and it shall and may be lafwul to and for any Constable or other Peace Officer, or any one of the said Commissioners, or any Officer or other Person acting by or under their Authority, by virtue of this Act, and without any Warrant whatsoever, to seize and apprehend any such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, in order to his or their Conviction of such Offence.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That not only shall the said Penal- Articles oc-ties lastly enacted become payable and be recovered, but it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed may be seized by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, without any Warrant or other without any Authority than this Act, to seize any such Truck, Wheel, Sledge, Wheel- Warrant, barrow, Bier, or Carriage; Horse, Beast, or Cattle; Cask, Tub, Pail, ^c*

Bucket, Stool, Bench, Shew Board, Chopping Block, Stall, Basket,

Blind, Shade, Coverlid, or Awnings, or other Things, Stone, Wood, or Timber; Coach, Chaise, Waggon, or other Carriage, together with the Horse or Horses, Ass or Asses, Mule or Mules, if any shall be thereunto belonging, with the Harness, Gear, and Accoutrements thereof, or any such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff, Butchers Meat, or other Things, or any of them, and forthwith, or with all convenient Speed, carry, or cause the same to be carried before some Justice of the Peace for the said County; and if it shall appear to such Justice upon the Oath or Affirmation of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Goods, Carriage, Horse, Ass, or Mule, Materials, Fruit, Vegetables, Garden Stuff, Meat, or Things occasioned any Kind of Obstruction or Annoyance, or was or were in any Situation contrary to the Provisions of this Act; then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Justice, in case any of the Goods,

Wares, or Merchandizes so seized shall be perishable, or shall be Articles of Food, to order and direct the Person or Persons who shall seize the same to deliver or cause the same to be delivered to the Churchwardens or Directors of the Poor of the said Parish of Bermondsey, or some of them, or to the Master of the Workhouse of the said Parish, and the same shall and may be given and distributed by them or him unto and among the poor Inhabitants of the said Workhouse, to and for his, her, or their Benefit, but if the Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes,

Materials, or Things so seized, shall not be perishable, or shall not be Articles of Food, or if any Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Ass shall be so seized, then the said Justice shall order and direct the Person or Persons who shall have seized such last-mentioned Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Materials, or Things, Carriage, Horse, Ass, or Mule, to remove the same to any Place appointed by the Commissioners for the Reception thereof, within the Limits aforesaid, if any such there be, or otherwise to such Place or Places as the said Justice shall judge convenient; and the Person or Persons so seizing any of such Goods,

Wares, or Merchandizes, or any such Horse, Mule, Ass, Materials, or Things, shall give parol or written Notice of such Place or Places whereunto the same shall be removed, unto the Owner, Driver, or other Person having any Interest in the Goods, Carriages, Horse or Horses,

{Local.] 18 K Ass

1602

Commissioners to make Rates.

Rates to be signed by Commissioners with Warrants to collect.

4- GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

Ass or Asses, Mule or Mules, Materials, or other Things so seized or removed, if he, she, or they shall be then and there present, and the same shall be kept and detained until such Owner, Driver, or other Person interested therein as aforesaid shall cause to be paid the said Penalty, together with the Charges for taking or removing the same, and of keeping such Horse or Horses, Ass or Asses, Mule or Mules, if any; and in case the Goods, Carriages, Horse or Horses, Ass or Asses, Mule or Mules, Materials or Things so removed (not being perishable or Articles of Food), shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges be paid within Five Days next after such Removal thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or other Person as aforesaid, to order the same to be appraised and sold, and the Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof, after deducting the said Penalty, and such Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such seizing, removing, keeping, appraising, and selling the same, as the said Commissioners shall ascertain and allow: Provided always, that it shall be lawful to and for the said Justice, if he shall think fit, to order and direct that any of such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Carriage, Horse, Mule, Ass, Materials, or other Things, Fruit, Vegetables, or other Articles of Food so seized, to be restored to the Owner or Owners thereof, upon Payment of such reasonable Sum to the Person or Persons who shall seize the same, for his and their Pains and Trouble therein, as the said Justice shall think fit.

XLVII. And for defraying the Charges and Expences of lighting, watching, and cleansing the said Roads, Streets, and Places which shall be lighted, watched, or cleansed by virtue of this Act, or which may be incurred in putting this Act into Execution, be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments shall, in every Year or oftener if it shall be thought needful by the Commissioners, be made, laid, and assessed by the said Commissioners, of and upon all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Yard, Mill, Rope Walk, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, now or hereafter to be situate in or adjoining to the said Roads, Streets, Courts, Alleys, Yards, Passages, and Places hereby authorized and empowered to be cleansed, lighted, and watched, in such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, so as such Rates or Assessments do not exceed in the whole the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound in any one Year of the yearly Value of such Land, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Yards, Mills, Rope Walks, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements as aforesaid; nor the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound in any one Year of the yearly Rent or Value of any Land, being Meadow or Pasture Land, or being used as Garden Ground, the Produce whereof shall be carried for Sale to any public Market, and which Garden Ground shall exceed One Acre.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Rates made by virtue of this Act shall be signed by any Three or more of the said Commissioners, who are also hereby empowered and required to grant any Warrant or Warrants for the Collection and levying the same, by such 7 Person

1603

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

Person or Persons as they shall nominate or appoint, and such Nomination or Appointment shall be sufficient Authority or Authorities to and for such Person or Persons so appointed to collect and levy such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and to make such Distresses as shall be necessary for the Recovery of any of the Monies to be assessed thereby.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Assess- Half Rates ments towards the Expences of lighting, watching, and cleansing of the aforesaid Roads, Streets, and Places within the District of this Act, upon the House and Premises in the Grange Road, at the East Corner of

Bermondsey Road, now in the Possession of Robins, and on the

House and Premises in the said Grange Road, at the West Corner of the said Bermondsey Road, now in the Occupation of John Smith, both of which partly abut on Grange Road and Bermondsey Road aforesaid, shall not exceed One Half of the Rates which shall be assessed for or in respect of such lighting, watching, and cleansing by this Act directed.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case at any Time or Times Rates how hereafter any Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of any recovered. Messuage or Hereditament situate in any of the Roads, Streets, Lanes,

Courts, Yards, Alleys, Walks, Passages, and Places within the Limits of this Act, for and in respect whereof he or they shall be rated or assessed, or liable to pay any Rate or Assessment made or to be made by the said Commissioners to and for the Purposes of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated and assessed upon him or them respectively, or which he or they may be liable, to pay by virtue of this Act, and all Arrears, it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, and he is hereby authorized and directed by Writing under his Hand, on Complaint made by the Commissioners, or any One or more of them, or any Officer or other Person appointed by them, to summon all and every Person and Persons who shall have refused and neglected as aforesaid, to appear at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, before such Justice, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, who shall be then and there present, the Collector or Collectors of such Rates or Assessments having previously made Oath that he or they had duly demanded the said Rates or Assessments, and that the same were then in Arrear and unpaid j and it shall be lawful for any Person appointed to collect and receive such Rates or Assessments, or for any of the Constables or Headboroughsof the said Parish of Bermondsey, or for any other Person authorized by the said Commissioners, to serve all and every such Summons and Summonses upon all and every Person and Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, either by delivering the same to the Person or Persons thereby intended to be summoned, or by leaving the same at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or at or on the Premises, for or in respect whereof the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments mentioned in such Summons, shall remain due and owing j and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall refuse or neglect to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Summons, or if he or they shall attend, and shall not shew good and sufficient Cause to such

Justice

1604

4° GEORGII IV. Cffj.lxxv.

Justice or Justices as may be then and there present, that he or they is or are not chargeable with such Rate or Rates, Agreement or Assessments, then and in every such Case every such Person or Persons shall pay the Rate or Rates in respect of which such Summons was issued, and also the Costs and Charges of such Summons; and in all Cases where such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or any of them, shall not be paid upon such Return of such Summons, it shall be lawful for the Justice who shall have signed and issued such Summons or Summonses, or who shall have directed such Summons or Summonses to be signed and issued as aforesaid, or for any other Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Oath made before him of the due Service of such Summons or Summonses by the Person who shall have served the same, and Proof on Oath that such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, is or are actually due and owing, to grant a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, authorizing or directing any such Person appointed to collect such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments as aforesaid, or any Constable or Headborough of the said Parish of Bermondsey, or other Person, to levy such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and the said Costs and Charges of the Summons, (if the same shall not have been paid before) and the Costs and Charges of every such Warrant, and also the Costs, Charges, and Expences of executing the same by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing; and if within Five Days next after any Distress shall be made, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, with all Arrears due thereon, together with all the said Charges for the said Warrant, and the Charges and Expences of executing the same Warrant and of making such Distress, and of keeping such Goods and Chattels, shall not be paid, then the said Person appointed to collect as aforesaid, or the Constable, Head-borough, or other Person authorized by the said Warrant, shall cause the said Goods and Chattels to be appraised by One or more Appraiser or Appraisers, and to be sold either on the Premises where the same shall be distrained or elsewhere, or such Part or Parts thereof as in his or their Judgment shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the said Costs, Charges, and Expences of the said Summons, Warrant, Distress, Removal, or keeping Possession of such Goods and Chattels so distrained, and the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of appraising and selling the same, and shall return the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made by him or them; and in case no such Goods and Chattels can be found to be distrained by virtue of any such Warrant, or in case any such Goods and Chattels shall be locked up or secured, or shall be removed so that such Person appointed to collect the said Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, or such Constable, Headborough, or other Person cannot distrain the same, or in case after such Distress and Appraisement or Sale, as herein-before are directed, the Proceeds thereof shall not be sufficient to pay such Rates or Assessments with the Arrears due thereon, and all the said Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, then and in any of such Cases, upon Information thereof given to any Justice of the Peace for the said County, it shall be lawful to and for any such Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby authorized and required to. issue a Warrant

under

1605

4- GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

under his Hand and Seal for the Apprehension of any such Person or Persons making Default in the Payment of such Rates or Assessments, and the Arrears thereof, or of any Part thereof, and of such Costs,

Charges, and Expences, or any of them, and to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, or so much thereof as shall remain unsatisfied by any such Distress or Distresses, or otherwise, shall be sooner paid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That every Warrant of Distress for Form of the Nonpayment of any such Rates or Assessments, or Compositions Warrant, to be made under this Act, shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

•Surrey i TO the Collector or Collectors of the Rates made for the to wit. / < lighting, watching, and cleansing the Grange Road, and ‘ other Parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey,

* in the County of Surrey, and to all Constables and other Peace

* Officers of the same Parish:

‘ Adhere as the under or hereafter mentioned Persons, now or late

* Inhabitants, Holders, Landlords, Tenants, Occupiers, and Enjoyers 1 of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars,

‘ Vaults, or other Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Parts of

* Buildings or Tenements within the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen ‘ Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey aforesaid, were and are truly rated

* and assessed, or liable to the Rate or Rates duly made for the Purposes ‘ of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the ‘ Fourth, intituled \_bere insert the Title of this Act]: And whereas the said Persons have refused or neglected to pay the several Sums of ‘ Money at and against their Names hereunder or hereafter respectively

* set for Money due from them, for or towards the Purposes in the ‘ said Act mentioned, and the said several Sum and Sums are still

* remaining due, in Arrear, and unpaid, as appeareth upon Oath to

* One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County; and the said several Persons having been summoned

* to appear before me to answer the Premises, as also appeareth to me ‘ the said Justice upon Oath; and the said several Persons so summoned

* or any of them, not having shewn any sufficient Cause why such Sum

* or Sums of Money should not be paid, these are therefore in His Majesty's Name, to will and require you or any of you, forthwith to ‘ levy the said several Sums due from the said Persons, and hereafter ‘ set at and opposite to their Names respectively, by Distress and Sale of

* their respective Goods and Chattels, such Goods and Chattels being

* kept for the Space of Five Days before the same are sold, rendering ‘ to them respectively the Overplus (if any), the reasonable Charges of such Distress, Sale, and Keeping being first deducted; and if no ( sufficient Distress can be had or taken, then that you certify the same,

‘ to the End that such further Proceedings may be had therein as to

* the Law doth appertain j and I do hereby strictly charge and command ‘ all and singular the Constables, and other His Majesty's Peace Officers 4 for the said County, to be aiding and assisting in all Things relating

[Loftf/.] 18 /, ‘to

1606 4* GEORGII IV. CapAxxv.

‘ to the Premises. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of in the Year of our Lord

Meeting Houses and Burial Grounds to be rated.

‘ A. B.

‘ C.D. -

* E. F. the Landlord, for divided Premises 6 G. H. the Landlord, for Houses compounded for c E. I. Landlord [or Receiver, &c. as the Case may be~\ -‘ K. L. Tenant -

LII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the said Commissioners at any Time or Times after any such Rate or Assessments shall have been made by virtue of ihis Act, that the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who ought to be included therein hath or have been omitted therein, or that the Name or Names of some Person or Persons hath or have been inserted in such Rate or Assessments instead of some other Person or Persons who ought to have been rated or assessed, or that the Persons rated are over-rated or under-rated therein, or that any other Alteration or Amendment of such Rate or Assessment may be necessary, then and in any and every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to add or insert, or cause to be added and inserted to or in such Rate or Assessment, the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so omitted, with the Sum or Sums for which he, she, or they ought to be rated and assessed, and the Amount of such Assessment in respect thereof, and also to insert and substitute, or cause to be inserted and substituted, the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as may be the Inhabitants, Holders, or Occupiers of any Messuages or Hereditaments, instead of the Name or Names of the Person or Persons incorrectly inserted in such Rate or Assessments, as the Inhabitants, Holders, or Occupiers of any Messuages or Hereditaments, and to lessen or raise the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments of the Person or Persons so over-rated or under-rated, and otherwise from Time to Time to alter and amend the said Rates and Assessments as often as Occasion shall require, and that every such Addition, Insertion, Alteration, and Amendment, to or in any such Rate or Assessments shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes and that the Monies charged to any Person or Persons in consequence thereof shall and may be demanded, received, and recovered in the same Manner as if the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, or other Alteration or Amendment, had been inserted and made in such Rate or Assessment at the Time of or previous to the original making or signing thereof.

LI1L And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, at such Times as the Rates hereby directed shall be made, to rate and assess for the Purposes aforesaid all Chapels, Meeting Houses, and other Places of Public Worship, or intended for that Purpose, with the Ground belonging thereunto, and all other public Buildings whatsoever, and all Burial Grounds situate in, near, adjoining, or contiguous to the said Roads, Streets, and Places hereby authorized to be lighted, watched, and 6 cleansed.

1607

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

cleansed, at such Rates as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so to be from Time to Time made, shall be paid by the Proprietor or Proprietors, Trustee or Trustees, or Treasurer thereof, or by the Minister or Deacon or other Person officiating therein; and in case any of the Persons aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Rate or Rates to the Collector or Collectors thereof, or Person or Persons appointed to receive the same, upon Demand thereof, made either personally or in Writing, left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons so required to pay the same, then and in every such Case the same shall and may be recovered of the Person or Persons so required to pay the same, by Action in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with full Costs of Suit, to be commenced or prosecuted by the said Commissioners, in which Action or Suit no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That when the Yearly Rent or Value How Houses of any House, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the said Limits, shall are to be not exceed Fifteen Pounds, or where any House, Tenement, or Hereditament, shall be let to any Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or in separate smal, Rents Apartments, furnished or unfurnished, and the Rents thereof shall become and for the payable and be collected at any shorter Period than Quarterly, then and better Rein every such Case (but subject to the Proviso herein-after contained), it of lhe shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to compound, if they shall think proper, with the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor or Proprietors, of all and every or any such House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements, Hereditament or Hereditaments, within the said Limits, for the Payment of the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made by virtue of this Act, at such a reduced Yearly Rental as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, so that no such House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements, Hereditament or Hereditaments, be rated at less than One Half or more than Three-fourths of the Rack Rent, at which the same respectively shall then be let, or of the Annual Value of the said Premises respectively; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor or Proprietors, of all such Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall not exceed the Yearly Rent or Value of Fifteen Pounds, or as shall be let to any Weekly or Monthly Tenant, or in separate Apartments, furnished or unfurnished as aforesaid, and from whence the several Rents thereof shall become due, and be collected at any shorter Period than Quarterly, is and are hereby required to enter into such Composition with the said Commissioners; and in case such Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall refuse to enter into such Composition, he, she, or they shall from thenceforth be rated to, and from Time to Time shall pay or cause to be paid the Rates or Assessments charged upon their respective Premises by virtue of this Act, unto the Collector or Collectors for the Time being, who is and are hereby authorized and empowered to receive and collect the same, and upon Nonpayment thereof, or of the Amount of such Composition, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners,

Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the respective Premises aforesaid, wheresoever they may be found, or of the Person or Persons

inhabiting

1608

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

inhabiting the same respectively, in such Manner as by this Act is provided for the Recovery of the Rates in other Cases: Provided always, that no such Landlord, Owner, Lessee, or Proprietor shall be charged with or liable to pay for any increased Rent reserved or made payable to him for or on account of such Landlord, Owner, Lessee, or Proprietor having agreed to pay the Rates heretofore chargeable upon the several Occupiers of such Premises; and provided also, that the Goods and Chattels of all and every Person or Persons renting or occupying any such House, Tenement, or Hereditament, or any Part or Parts thereof, the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments whereof the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor and Proprietors, is and are hereby made liable and subject to as aforesaid, shall be liable at all Times to be distrained and sold for Payment of such of the said Rates or Assessments, and of all Arrears thereof, as become due upon the said Premises during the Time of his, her, or their Occupancy only; but no such Occupier or Occupiers shall at any Time be required to pay or be subject or liable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the discharging of the said Rates or Assessments, or any of them, and Arrears thereof, than the Amount of the Rent actually due or payable by such Occupier or Occupiers to the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Premises so occupied by him, her, or them : Provided also, that each and every Occupier who shall pay any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or any Arrears thereof, or upon whom the same shall be levied, shall and may from Time to Time deduct the same from the Rent due and payable from him, her, or them, to the respective Landlords, Owners, Lessees, or Proprietors of the Premises, unless there shall be some Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant, and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Occupiers, and to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, for so much Money as he, she, or they shall pay in the Manner directed by th Act : Provided also, that when the Yearly Rent or Value of any House which shall be let out furnished, either altogether or in separate Apartments, shall exceed Fifteen Pounds per Annum, it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon such Composition being made as aforesaid, to take less than Three-fourth Parts of the Rate or Rates which shall be assessed in respect of such House; but nevertheless such Composition shall be made in manner aforesaid for the Payment of the said Three-fourth Parts of such Rate with and by the Landlord, Owner, Lessee, or Proprietor of the said Premises.

Agreement

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this between Act contained shall be construed, deemed, or taken to impeach, alter, or atd Tenants ma^e v0^ anY Agreement made between any Landlord and Tenant, in not to be im- anY Lease now granted or hereafter to be granted, pursuant to any Con-peached. tract or Agreement now existing, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commission-

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for

Kate-on sa^ Commissioners from Lime to Time and at all Times hereafter to

account Jf°U rem’1 or excuse the Payment of any Rate or Rates, Assessment or As-Poverty. sessments made by virtue of this Act, for or on account of the Poverty or Indigence of «iny Person or Persons charged thereby.

4" GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxxv.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons paying the Rates or Assessments by this Act authorized and directed to be made, save and except the Occupiers of the Two Houses and Premises in the Grange Road, at the East and West Corners of the Bermondsey New Road aforesaid, shall be and they and each and every of them is and are hereby exempted and discharged from all other Rates or Assessments, Charges and Expences, in respect of the Messuages or Tenements so assessed, of or towards the lighting, watching, and cleansing the said Roads, Streets, and Places comprized within this Act, and from the paying any Scavenger’s Rate within the said Parish, and also from all Penalties which may or might be incurred by reason or means of their neglecting to light, watch, or cleanse the said Roads, Streets, or Places, or refusing to pay any such Scavenger’s Rate as aforesaid •, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think it more expedient, to bring or cause to be brought in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or of any one or more of them the said Commissioners, any Action or Actions of Debt, or Special Action on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for all or any of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, or for Monies to become due to the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act; in which Action or Actions it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Sums of Money as the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suppose to be due; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover such Sum so declared for, or any Part thereof, he or they shall have full Costs, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgments are now by Law levied and recovered, in which Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed j and that no Action to be brought by or against the said Commissioners or any of them, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of their Treasurer or Clerk, or of the Commissioner or Commissioners in whose Name or Names such Action shall have been brought, but that the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to commence any Action for the Recovery of any such Rate or Assessment in any Case where the Amount of the Rate or Assessment, or Rates or Assessments in arrear shall be less than Five Pounds, and in no Case where sufficient Distress can be had upon the Premises rated or assessed.

LIX. And for the better enforcing the Payment of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons liable to pay any of the said Rates or Assessments, shall at any Time begin to remove his, her, or their Goods or Furniture from the House or Premises in his, her, or their Occupation, within the Limits of this Act, or to sell or dispose of such Goods or Furniture therein, by public Auction, or to sell or dispose of, or carry away his, her, or their Goods or Furniture as aforesaid, without paying all Arrears then due or rated in respect of such House in which the Current Quarter shall be considered as due, that then and in any of the said Cases, it shall [Local.'] 18 M be

1609

Persons paying the Rates by this Act directed to be made, exempted from other Rates.

Actions may be brought for Rates.

Persons removing Goods how Rates to .be recovered.

1610 4° GEORGII IV. C'ajw.lxxv.

be lawful for the Collector for the Time being to the said Commissioners to collect and levy such Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, the Rate or Assessment for such Quarter wherein such Removal or Sale shall begin to be made as aforesaid, to be considered as due although previous to the Time for Payment of the Rate or Assessment for such Quarter by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so beginning to remove, sell, or take away any such Goods or Furniture as aforesaid; and if within Five Days next after such Distress shall be made, the said Rates or Assessments and all Arrears due thereon, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the said Distress, shall not be paid, the said Collector shall cause the said Goods and Chattels to be appraised and sold, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient to pay such Rate or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Charges of making such Distress, and of keeping and selling the same, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owners or Owner of such Goods and Chattels respectively.

Rates col-

LX. And be it further enacted, That (he Goods and Chattels of each lected from arid every Person and Persons renting and occupying any separate Part divided Tene or -Apartment of or in any Messuage or Hereditament, and the Goods merits to and Chattels in every Messuage or Hereditament let ready furnished, repaid by (although the Person or Persons occupying such Messuage or Tenement, Landlords. or separate Part or Apartment, be not rated or assessed under or by virtue of this Act) shall be liable to be distrained and sold for any Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments made by virtue of this Act, which shall have accrued or become due during the Time of the Occupancy by any Person or Persons of any such Messuage or Tenement, or separate Part or Apartment thereof, and for the Costs, Charges, and Expences of any Appraisement, Possession, Removal, or Sale of such Goods and Chattels, or attendant thereupon; but no such Person or Persons shall be required or compellable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Discharge of the said Rates or Assessments, or any of them, than the Amount of the Rent actually due and payable by such Person or Persons to the Owner or Owners of such Messuage, Tenement, or other Person or Persons rated or assessed as the Occupier or Occupiers of the Messuages or Hereditaments so entirely or partly occupied by such Person or Persons, and that each and every Person or Persons rated or assessed as the Occupier or Occupiers of the Messuages or Tenements so entirely or partly occupied by such Person or Persons, and that each and every Person or Persons who shall pay any such Rates or Assessments as ought to have been paid by the Owner or Owners of any such Messuage or Hereditament, or by his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, upon whose Goods and Chattels the same shall be levied in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the same from and out of the Rent due and payable, or to become due and payable to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords so letting out the same Messuage or Hereditament, or separate Part or Apartment to him or them (unless there shall be some Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant), and the Receipt and Receipts for such Payment or Payments shall be sufficient Discharge to every such Person or Persons for so much Money as he, she, or they shall have so paid, or which shall have been levied on his or their Goods and Chattels, in pursuance of this Act, and shall be repaid by such Owner or Owners, or be allowed by such Landlord or Landlords of such Messuages or Tenements, in part or full Payment (as

1611

40 GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxr.

the Case may be) for the Rent due or to become due to him or them from such Person or Persons as aforesaid, for or in respect of such Messuages or Tenements, or separate Parts or Apartments thereof respectively.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the better to prevent Disputes touching the Designation of Owner and Landlord, or Proprietor of any Messuages or Hereditaments intended to be made liable to be rated and assessed by any Rates or Assessments to be made under the Authority of this Act, all and every the Person or Persons authorized and empowered to receive and collect, or receiving and collecting, or claiming to be entitled to receive and collect, the Rents of any Messuages or Hereditaments from the Tenants or actual Occupiers thereof, or any of them, shall and may be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Messuages or Hereditaments, and shall be liable to be rated and assessed, and shall be compellable to pay the Rates and Assessments in respect of such Messuage or Tenements in all Cases in which either Owners or Landlords, or Proprietors, are made liable to be rated or assessed, and to the Payment of Rates and Assessments by virtue of this Act, unless the real Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall be declared by himself, herself, or themselves, to be the Teal Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or shall be distinctly and certainly known as such, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One thousand Pounds, or to raise all or any Part of the said Sum of One thousand Pounds by way of Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the Term of the natural Life of any Person or Persons, who shall be willing to contribute to the raising thereof respectively, or the natural Life of such other Person or Persons as such Contributor or Contributors shall nominate for that Purpose; and all and every such Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed, or such Annuity or Annuities so to be granted, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from Time to Time out of the Monies arising by the Rates or Assessments to be made under the Authority of this Act.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act for any single Life shall be at any higher Rate than the following; (that is to say), where the Age of the Annuitant or Person for whose Life the Annuity shall be granted shall not exceed Thirty-five Years, the Annuity granted shall not exceed the Rate of Eight Pounds Three Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money paid for the Purchase thereof; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Forty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Eight Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Forty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration

Money;

Persons receiving the Rents to be deemed the Owner.

Monies to be raised by Loan or Annuities;

and charged upon the Rates.

Rates of Annuities to be granted.

1612

To assign the Rates for securing the Money borrowed.

Form of Assignment.

4" GEORGII IV. CapAxxv.

Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Fifty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds Twelve Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Fifty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Eleven Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Sixty-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Twelve Pounds Seventeen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; where the Age of such Person shall not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Fifteen Pounds One Shilling for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; and where the Age of such Person shall exceed Seventy-five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Eighteen Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person so advancing any Sum of Money, shall have an Order on Parchment under the Hands of any Three of the said Commissioners, for Payment by the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, at such Times and upon such Conditions as may be mutually agreed upon, out of any Monies to arise by Rates or Assessments to be made as aforesaid, of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent, with Interest for the same, or of the Annuity or Annuities agreed by the said Commissioners to be given, in respect of any Money to be advanced for the Purchase thereof; and the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners is hereby authorized and required to pay or discharge the same accordingly, out of any Monies coming to his Hands by virtue of such Rate or Rates, without further Warrant on that Behalf.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every Mortgage or Assignment to be made by the said Commissioners for the Repayment of any Money to be borrowed under the Authority of this Act, shall or may be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

:by virtue of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King ‘ George the Fourth, intituled, etc. [here insert the Title of this Act~\, c we, being of the

‘ Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act, in consideration ‘ of the Sum of advanced and lent by

* A.B. and paid to C.D. the Treasurer appointed in pursuance of the ‘ said Act, for and on account of the said Commissioners, do grant and ‘ assign unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators and Assigns,

* such Proportion of the Rates or Assessments arising by virtue of the

6 said Act as the said Sum of doth or shall bear

‘ to the whole Sum which is or shall be borrowed upon the Credit of ‘ the said Act, to be had and holden from this Day until the said Sum of

, with Interest at per Centum

* per Annum for the same, to be paid Half-yearly, shall be repaid and

* satisfied. In witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and

‘ Seals the Day of

And every such Assignment shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Order, Grant, or Certificate to be given by the said Commissioners for the Payment of any Annuity or Annuities to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, shall or may be in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

* 'y^'E of the Commissioners appointed oy or in pursuance of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [set forth the Title of this Act], in consideration of the Sum of paid by A.B. to C.D. the

4 Treasurer appointed in pursuance of the said Act, do hereby grant

* unto the said A.B. an Annuity or Yearly Sum of

* out of the Rates and other Monies granted or

* arising by virtue of the said Act, which Annuity or Yearly Sum of

shall be paid to the said A. B., his [or her]

* Assigns, or to the said A.B. his [or her] Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns [as the Case may be], by equal Half-yearly Payments, on the Day of and the

4 Day of in every Year, during the natural Life of

4; the first Payment thereof to be made on the Day of now next ensuing the

4 Date hereof: In witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and 4 Seals the Day of .*

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, without any Inrolment or Registry of any Memorial thereof in the High Court of Chancery or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Assignments and for all and every Person or Persons advancing any Money, either by trRnsferrable-way of Loan or for the Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to assign such Money so lent, or such Annuity or Annuities so purchased, or any Part or Parts thereof, and their Right, Title, and Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and that such Assignment may be according to the Form following, or to the following Effect:

4 T do hereby, in consideration of the

4 A Sum of , assign the within Security

4 [or above recited Security, in case Transfer not made by Indorsement],

for the Payment of the within mentioned Annuity, and all my Right and Title in and to the Principal Money and Interest [or Annuity], and 4 all the Arrears now due thereon, unto , his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated the Day

4 of .*

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Person or Persons for whose Life or Lives any Annuity or Annuities shall be granted by virtue of this Act shall die, or any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed shall be paid off and discharged, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to borrow any further Sum or Sums of Money at Interest, or upon any other Life or Lives, by way of Annuity, and so [Local'] 18 N toties

Securities how transferred.

As Annuitants die other Annuities may be granted.

1613

Form of Annuity.

1614

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

toties quoties: Provided nevertheless, that the Sum or Sums of Money owing from original or subsequent Advances shall not at any one Time exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds in the whole.

Assignments

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Assignment or Transfer of Loans and of any Sum to be lent, or of any Annuity to be granted by virtue of this Annuities to ^ct, shall be left with the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commis-be registered. sjoners> anj shall be entered by him in a Book or Register to be kept for that Purpose, before any Assignee or Transferee named in such Assignment or Transfer shall be entitled to receive any Sum or Sums of Money so lent, or the Interest thereof, or such Annuity or Annuities; and in case any Sum or Sums of Money so lent, or the Interest thereof, or such Annuity or Annuities, shall be paid to the Assignor or Transferor in such Assignment or Transfer made, before the same shall be entered in such Book or Register, the Payment thereof shall be deemed a good and valid Payment, and the said Assignee or Transferee shall be barred from any Claim thereto, or Recovery thereof, out of the Rates so to be made by the said Commissioners; and for the Entry of every such Assignment or Transfer the Clerk of the said Commissioners shall be paid by the Person to whom such Assignment or Transfer shall be made the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence, and no more.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall enter into any Contract or Contracts with the said Commissioners shall at any Time be guilty of any Breach or Nonperformance thereof, or of any Stipulation or Agreement therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at any of their General Meetings, in case they shall deem it proper and expedient, to declare such Contract or Contracts to be null and void, and the same shall thereupon be null and void accordingly j or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to compound for such Sum or Sums of Money with the Person or Persons who shall have so entered into such Contract or Contracts, for such Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, and for all Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby, as to them the said Commissioners shall appear proper and expedient j or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by and in the Names of any Two of them, or of their Treasurer or Treasurers, to sue for and recover the full Penalty and Penalties contained and expressed in any such Contract or Contracts, or in any Bond or Bonds given and executed for the due Performance of such Contract or Contracts, by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Commissioners may sue or compound for Breaches of Contract.

Justices may

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Attendance an<* ^or any ^ust‘ce or Justices of the Peace who is or are by this Act of Witnesses. ma<^e competent, empowered, or required to hear and determine any Complaint or Matter under or by virtue of this Act, to issue a Summons under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to attend as a Witness or Witnesses, and to give Evidence upon Oath (or if one of the People called Quakers, solemnly to affirm), before any such Justice of the Peace, touching any Matter of 5 Fact

1615

4" GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxxv.

Fact contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, whether on the Part of the Prosecutors, or Informers, or Commissioners, or of the Person or Persons complained of; and which Summonses such Justice or Justices as aforesaid are hereby required to issue when thereunto required; and if such Person or Persons so summoned as aforesaid, upon being paid or tendered such Sum for his or their Attendance as such Justice or Justices shall deem reasonable, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time or Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse to be approved by such Justice or Justices, for such Refusal or Neglect, or on his, her, or their appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath or solemn Affirmation, or to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, then and in every such Case every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices, to be recovered as herein directed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Levying and Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of Application levying, recovering, and applying whereof is not herein otherwise di- 0 ena t,e9' rected), shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Surrey, either by the Confession of the Party offending or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is in every such Case hereby fully authorized to administer), be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus (if any) after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his or their Appearance before such Justice, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take, by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Liberty, or Place where the Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Main-prize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied, and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, when paid or levied,* if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners, and applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act-

1616 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

Power of

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Appea. shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made in pursuance of this Act, or by the Conviction or Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, for any Offence committed against this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal against the same to the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace for the said County, first giving Twenty-one Days at least before the Commencement of such Quarter Session, a Notice in. Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Grounds and Matters thereof, signed by every such Appellant, and specifying his, her, or their true Residence and Trade or Profession, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or other Person concerned in such Appeal, by delivering such Notice to him, or by leaving such Notice for him at his last or usual Place of Abode, and also within Five Days next after the Service of such Notice, shall enter into a Recognizance before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County in the Sum of Forty Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Twenty Pounds each, conditioned for the prosecuting such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General or Quarter Session; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof given of such Notice aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Satisfaction and Costs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices at such their Quarter or General Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

to the'ser-8

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Notices, Summonses, and vice of No- Demands, which by this Act are directed and required, or which shall tices. or may be necessary to be given for carrying into Execution any of the

Powers thereof by the said Commissioners, the Manner of serving of which is not by this Act particularly directed, shall be printed or written, or partly printed and partly written, and shall and may be served either by delivering the same personally to the Person or Persons to whom such Notices, Summonses, and Demands are to be given, or by leaving the same at his, her, or their usual or last known Warehouse, Manufactory, Office, Counting House, or with any of his or her Partners, Clerks, or Servants, at his, her, or their usual or last known Place of Abode.

Actions to be

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That brought and any Action which shall or may be brought by or against the said Com-the^ameof n^ss‘oners or any of them, for any thing done, touching or relating to

Treasurer or the Execution of or for the Purposes of this Acr, shall and may be brought Clerk. or instituted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, in the Name of the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, and that no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Treasurer or Clerk, but the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners shall be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in any Treasurer or such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk to be Treasurer or Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be com-reimburse . menced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, , all

1617

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

all such Expences, Damages, Costs, and Charges, as by the Event of any such Proceeding he shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Justice and Conviction. Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Words, or any other Form to the like Effect; that is to say,

* County of l BE it remembered, That on this Day of Form of

‘ to Wit. 5 A* , in the Year of our Lord Conviction*.

* A.B. is duly convicted before me One of His

‘ Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the [City, Borough, or County, as 1 the Case may he\ of having ['state the Offence], contrary to the Form

* of a Statute made in the Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [inserting the Title of this Act] in that Case made and provided. And I the said Justice do

* declare and adjudge, that the said A.B. hath forfeited for his [or her]

* said Offence, the Sum of , and also the Sum of

* for the Costs, Charges, and Expences already incurred

* thereabouts. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first

* above written.*

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in any Action, Prosecution, No Inha-Appeal, Cause, Hearing, Examination, or other Proceeding relating to or b>tant to concerning the Execution of this Act, no Inhabitant or Owner or Occu- pgtent°WU-pier of Property within the District by this Act authorized to be lighted, ness, watched, and cleansed, shall be deemed to be an incompetent Witness to give Evidence by reason of his or her being charged with or liable to pay any Rate or Assessment to be raised, levied, and collected by virtue of this Act.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall Distress not be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the unlawful for Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved .by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Case.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceeding to be had, Proceedings touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, not to be or any Order of Distress made, nor any other Matter or Thing done or w^e^.for transacted in or about the Execution of this Act, or in pursuance of or Forra. by virtue thereof, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form; nor snail any Appeal, Proceeding, Conviction, Order, Matter, or Thing be no^oVer*-removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process moved, whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

1618

Punishment for giving false Evidence.

Limitation of Actions.

To pay Money into Court, or plead the General Issue.

Treble Costs.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxv.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are by this Act authorized or required to examine any Person or Persons on Oath, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to administer such Oath; and that if any Person or Persons shall, upon his or her Examination upon Oath, before such Justice or Justices respectively, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing doing in execution of or in pursuance of or under this Act, until after Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing, signed by the Person or Persons intending to bring such Action or Suit, specifying his, her, or their real Residence, and his, her, or their Trade or Profession, and the Cause or Causes of such Action or Suit shall be thereof given to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, or other the Defendant or Defendants, nor after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered, nor after Three Calendar Months from the Time of the Fact being committed; and that all such Actions and Suits shall be laid and tried in the County where the Cause of such Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and that the Defendant and Defendants in such Action or Actions (in case no sufficient Tender or Amends shall have been previously made) shall or may after such Action shall have been brought, and before Issue joined therein, pay into the Court in which such Action shall be depending, such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Order, Proceedings, and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions wherein a Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court; or such Defendant and Defendants may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof was given as before directed, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered, or paid into Court as aforesaid; or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and thereupon, or in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or Suit shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in any such Action or Suit, or upon a Verdict or otherwise for the Defendant or Defendants therein, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have and be entitled to Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedies for recovering the same as any Defendant may have for the Recovery of Costs in other Cases by Law.

4° GEORGII IV. Cup. lxxv. lt»19

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Expences and Charges Money jVj" in and about the procuring and passing this Act, shall be raised and paid "curing out of the Rates and Assessments to be made or Monies to be borrowed [he Act to be or raised by virtue thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall have ad- repaid, with vanced and paid, or shall advance or pay any Money towards defraying the Interest. Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, he, she, or they shall be repaid the same, together with lawful Interest, out of the first Monies to be borrowed, raised, or received by virtue of this Act.

[Public Act.]

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

1

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act of His late Majesty, for draining certain Commons and Fens lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and for increasing the Rates thereby authorized, and imposing additional Rates for more effectually draining the said Lands.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for draining, dividing, allotting, 41G.3.e,128. and inclosing Deeping, Langtoft, Baston, Spalding, Pinchbeck, and Cow-bit Commons, within the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln; and also for draining Crowland Common or Goggushland, certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining or lying contiguous to the North Bank of the River Glen, and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland; and also for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, for draining and preserving the several Lands, Grounds, and Commons herein-before mentioned, or certain Parts thereof; the General Commissioners therein appointed were thereby required, as soon as conveniently might be after the passing of the said Act, to cause the several [Local.'] 18 Q general

1626

4° GEORGII IV. . C«jo.lxxvi,

general Works of Drainage to be made, erected, done, and executed as therein mentioned and described; and it was thereby enacted, that the several Drains, Bridges, Tunnels, and other Works of Drainage last therein-before described and directed to be made and executed by the said General Commissioners, should be made by and at the Expence of the Owners and Proprietors of taxable and free Lands in Deeping Fen, and the several Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Houses, or Toftsteads, Lands, and Hereditaments interested in such of the said Commons, including the said Crowland Common, as are situate betwixt the Banks of the Rivers Welland and Glen, in the Shares and Proportions therein mentioned, and the same Main Drains, Engines, Bridges, and other Works of Drainage directed to be done at such joint Expence as aforesaid (except the Herbage of the Banks and Forelands of the said Main Drains), should for ever after the making thereof be and remain vested in certain Trustees for preserving such general Works of Drainage, but without Prejudice to the Right of the Adventurers to Hills Drain, and the Mills thereon; and in order that such Banks, Drains, Engines, and other Works of Drainage as are therein directed to be done and executed at such joint Expence as aforesaid, might be maintained, supported, and kept in Repair, it was further enacted, that it should be lawful for all and every the Proprietors and Owners of the same Lands and Grounds so intended to be drained as therein mentioned, or his or their Deputy or Agent, present at a Meeting to be held as therein mentioned, to vote for Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, in manner therein mentioned j and that the Persons elected Trustees should continue to act in the Execution of the said Act for the Space of Three Years, or until the Election of others in their Stead, and no longer; and it was thereby further enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Trustees, and they were thereby authorized and required to meet on the Day next after the last Thursday in Aprilin every Year, to tax and assess all and every the Occupier or Occupiers of all and every the said taxable and free inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and the said Commons or Fens lying between the said Rivers Welland and Glen, intended to be drained by virtue of the said Act, by such an equal and proportionable Acre Rate or Tax as should be necessary to pay and discharge the Expences of maintaining, supporting, and using the said Works for draining and preserving the same Lands and Grounds respectively, and the other Expences therein referred to, and to appoint under their Hands, such Days and Places for the Payment of such Rates and Taxes Half-yearly, to the Collectors or Receivers thereof, as the said Trustees should think proper, provided that such Rate or Tax should not in any Year exceed the Rate or Sum of One Shilling an Acre, without the express Consent and Approbation of the Owners or Proprietors interested in the said Lands so to be drained as aforesaid, to be ascertained as therein mentioned; and it was further enacted, that if the said general Works of Drainage should be found insufficient or inadequate to drain the Lands and Grounds intended to be drained thereby, without the Aid of Engines or Mills, to raise the Water to a greater Height than thereby provided for, the said general Commissioners or Trustees for executing the said general Works of Drainage should and might erect, build, and use such Engine or Engines, at or near the Situation of the Engines then discharging the Waters from Hills Drain into the Welland, as in their Judgment should be requisite or necessary, for the Purpose of raising the Waters to such greater Height as might be expedient for better effecting such 5 Drainage:

1627

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixxvi.

Drainage : And whereas the Works of Drainage executed under the Authority of the said recited Act have been found insufficient and inadequate to drain the said Lands and Grounds : And whereas it is necessary and expedient, for the Purpose of facilitating the Discharge of the Waters from the said Main Drains, that one or more Engine or Engines to be worked by Steam should be erected : And' whereas it is necessary and expedient, that the annual Tax or Assessment authorized by the said recited Act, and the limited Tax intended to be imposed by virtue of this Act, should be charged and chargeable on the Lands and Grounds liable thereto, and that more ample Powers should be given.to and vested in the said Trustees for the better collecting of the said annual Taxes, and the said limited Tax; and also for the more effectually maintaining, preserving, and using the said general Works of Drainage executed under the Authority of the said recited Act, and to be executed under the Authority of this Act; but such Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority ot Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees for Power to the Time being elected or appointed and to be elected or appointed by ^'ect Steam virtue of the said recited Act, and they are hereby authorized and required, pofg Hole, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, to make, erect, and build, or cause to be made, erected, and built, at or near the Junction of the Drains called the South Drove Drain and North Drove Drain, at a certain Place called Pode Hole, one or more good and substantial Engine or Engines to be worked by Steam, with all proper Machinery, Houses, Sluices,

Pits, and other necessary Works, and also to deepen and otherwise improve the said Drains, and also the Drain called Cross Drably as in the Judgment of the Person to be appointed Civil Engineer of the Works directed to be executed by the said Trustees under the Authority of this Act shall be requisite or necessary for facilitating the Discharge of the Waters of the said Lands and Grounds, and effecting the Drainage thereof r and the same Engine and Engines, and other Works incidental thereto, shall, on the same being made, built, and erected as aforesaid, be for ever thereafter vested in and used, maintained, supported, and kept in Repair by the said Trustees for the Time being, out of the annual Rates and Assessments authorized by the said recited Act and this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Person to be appointed Civil Engines to Engineer as aforesaid, shall and he is hereby authorized and required to JjoiTnter*16 make Provision for the Application of such Part or Proportion of the i)rain. Power of the said Engines, as shall in his Judgment be necessary for the Purpose of relieving the Counter Drain, when the Water therein shall be

penned or held up in the said Drain to the Height of Nine Feet on the Sill of the said Sluice, by the Working and Operation of the said Engine or Engines so to be erected as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the Time civil En-

being shall and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to gineer to be Time as occasion shall arise, with the Consent and Approbation of the b>'

Owners or Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds chargeable with the the* Expence of the said Engines, to be ascertained in such way as the Votes Consent of

of Proprietors.

1628

4" GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxxvi.

of the said Owners and Proprietors are required to be had in the Choice of Trustees, as directed by the said recited Act, to appoint a Civil Engineer to superintend the making and executing of the several Works particularly directed to be done and executed under the Authority of this Act; and such Civil Engineer so to, be appointed as aforesaid, shall be and he is hereby authorized and empowered, on behalf of and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Trustees for the Time being, to contract with any Person or Persons for making, executing, or performing all or any of such Works, or any Part or Parts thereof.

Allowance to

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Civil Engineer for the Time Engineer. being acting in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts vested in him by this Act, shall be allowed and paid the Sum of Five Pounds and Five Shillings, and no more, for each Day he shall actually attend and be employed as a Civil Engineer, by the Authority and Direction of the said Trustees for the Time being, in the Execution of this Act, or shall necessarily travel from home to act as Civil Engineer, or when returning home after having acted as aforesaid, in full Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the Time being shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, when and as they shall think fit, to examine and inspect the Accounts of the said Civil Engineer, and also the Progress of the Works hereby authorized; and the said Civil Engineer shall once at least in Four Months from the passing of this Act, until his Accounts shall be finally allowed, make out a true and particular Statement and Account of all Sums of Money by him received from the said Trustees, and expended or due to him for his Trouble or Expences, which Account, with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be examined by the said Trustees for the Time being, and the Balance of such Account shall be by them stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Clerk’s Office; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by the said Trustees for the Time being, present at a Meeting to be held under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act.

VI. And whereas by the said recited Act the General Commissioners thereby appointed were thereby required to deepen the King Street Dike as therein is mentioned, but the said Trustees are not enabled by the Provisions in the said recited Act contained to repair the same, although such Dike is declared to form Part of the Work directed to be executed at the joint Expence of the Proprietors therein referred to; and it is necessary and expedient that such Dike should, to the Extent therein mentioned, be vested by Enactment in the said Trustees for the Time being, and be maintained and supported by them as herein-after is mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That the said King Street Dike, so far as the same extends by the Side of the Parish of Greatford, and from the South End of the said Parish of Greatford to the South End of the Hamlet of Stow, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be and become vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and shall from Time to Time and at all Times be by them scoured out, repaired, cleansed, and kept of the same Depth and Dimensions as the same was made under the Directions in

King Street Dike to be supported by the Trustees.

Accounts of Engineer to be examined and allowed by the Trus-

1029

4° GEORGII IV. CV.lxxvi.

the said recited Act in that Behalf contained, and shall be deemed and considered as Part of the Works of Drainage directed by the said recited Act to be maintained and supported by the said Trustees by and out of the annual Tax authorized by the said recited Act.

VII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of Trustees to the Reign of His said late Majesty, the General Commissioners thereby f1 ut appointed were thereby required to set out the necessary Communications Roa s‘ , between the Banks of the said Main Drains along the North and South

Droves therein mentioned, and the inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and by their Award to order and direct by whom and in what manner such private Roads, Ways, and Communications respectively should be repaired, maintained, and supported : And whereas the said General Commissioners did not set out such Communications, and in consequence thereof several of the Farms and Lands comprized in the said inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen have not any Roads or Communications thereto, except by the Permission of the Owners of the intervening Lands; and it is just and expedient that the Owners of the said inclosed Lands should have Occupation Roads set out thereto as directed by the said Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, on the Request and at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners of any of the said inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen (such Request to be in Writing, and signed by the Party or Parties making the same), to set out such private Roads or Ways to run parallel with and along, but on the Outside of the Soke Dike of the South and North Drove Drains as shall or may be necessary to communicate between the said inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and the Road or Roads which have been set out, in, through, or over the Lands and Grounds divided and inclosed by virtue of the said recited Act; and such Roads, Ways, and Communications respectively shall, when set out as aforesaid, for ever thereafter be maintained and supported by the Owner or Owners of such of the said inclosed Lands, for the Benefit of which the same shall be so set out; and the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the said Trustees to purchase Lands, and the other Powers incident thereto, shall extend and be deemed, taken, and construed to enable the said Trustees to effect the Purposes herein-before mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Trustees the said Trustees for the Time being, with the Consent and Approbation may execute of the Owners or Proprietors interested in the said Lands and Grounds so new 'Yorks to be drained as aforesaid, and to be ascertained in such Way as the Votes of Drainage, of the said Owners and Proprietors are required to be had in the Choice

of Trustees, as directed by the said recited Act; and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, as and when there shall seem to them to be a Necessity and Occasion for the same, to cause such new or other Drains, Engines, Mills and Works, to be from Time to Time made or erected within the said Lands and Grounds, as in their Judgment shall be proper and necessary for the Improvement of the said Drainage, and from Time to Time to pay and discharge the Expences of making and executing such new and other Drains, Engines, Mills, and Works, out of any Monies applicable to the general Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act.

[Local.} 18 R IX. And

1630

Trustees to strengthen the Banks of Vernatl’s Drain.

Directions of such Repairs to devolve upon Three Referees.

Referees to repair Banks in Default by Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxvi.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, to make or cause to be made so much of the Banks of the Vernatt’s Drain as are situate between Pode Hole and Shotbelt’s Bridge, of such sufficient Height and Strength as shall in the Judgment of the said Civil Engineer, and of the Person or Persons to be named as next herein-after mentioned, be necessary to prevent the Waters of the said Drains from forcing their way into or upon the Lands adjoining or lying contiguous thereto, so as to injure or damage the same, and for that Purpose to take Earth out of the Bed of the said Drain.

X. And to the End and Intent that the Banks of the said Vernatt’s Drain may, throughout the whole Extent between Pode Hole and Shot bolt’s Bridge above specified, be made of sufficient Height and Strength for the Purposes aforesaid, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the major Part in Number of the Owners and Proprietors of Fifty Acres each of Land lying between the River Glen and the late Westlode Drain, or their known Agent or Agents, at a Meeting to be convened by Fourteen Days previous Notice in Writing, under the Hands of any Three of such Proprietors or their known Agent or Agents, to be affixed on the Church Doors of Spalding and Pinchbeck, on some Sunday before the Commencement of Divine Service, to nominate and appoint some fit and proper Person in their Judgment to superintend and approve the heightening, strengthening, and repairing of the said Banks, in conjunction with the Person to be appointed Engineer as aforesaid; and in case such Two Persons shall disagree, then it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and required to submit the Matter in Difference to some Third Person, to be by them mutually and indifferently named, whose Judgment as to the Matter in Difference shall be conclusive; and when the said Banks on all the Parts thereof above-mentioned shall have been sufficiently heightened, strengthened, and repaired for the Space and in manner aforesaid, the same shall for ever thereafter be preserved, maintained and kept of such and the same improved Height and Strength aforesaid, by the Persons and Parties who are now by Law, Custom, Usage or otherwise liable to the Preservation, Maintenance, and Repairs thereof respectively; any thing in this present Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees for the Time being shall at any Time after the Space of Three Months Notice in Writing to be given to them or their Clerk or Superintendent by any of the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds adjoining to the said Banks of the said Vernatt’s Draint or their known Agent or Agents, neglect or omit to make the Banks thereof, for the Space aforesaid, of the Height and Strength necessary for the Protection and due Preservation of the said Lands, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Two Persons, to be named as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required at any Time thereafter, to make or cause to be made so much of the said Banks for the Space aforesaid, of such sufficient Height and Strength as shall be deemed by them fully adequate to protect from Injury the same Lands; and the Expences so to be incurred by them or him in the heightening and strengthening

7 of

1631

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxvi.

of such Banks shall be paid and payable by the said Trustees for the Time being on Demand, and shall be recovered and recoverable from them in Default of Payment by an Action at Law, in which Action the Plaintiffs shall be entitled to Double Costs.

XII. And whereas it is necessary and expedient that the same Powers power for and Authorities which are given by the said recited Act to the General Trustees to Commissioners thereof, for enabling them to purchase Lands for the Pur- £"^J‘sase poses of the said Drainage, should be extended to and vested in the Trustees for the Time being of the said recited Act and this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That all Powers and Authorities vested in or

given to the General Commissioners of the said recited Act, for enabling them to purchase Lands or Hereditaments for the Purposes of the said Drainage, and all Clauses and Provisions relating thereto, shall extend and be deemed, taken, and construed to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to extend to the said Trustees for the Time being, as if such Powers and Authorities had been originally granted to or vested in such Trustees, by the express Provisions of or Reference made to them in the said recited Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to Directing whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of how Monies any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased, taken, or ^ase of used by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be fajiure of able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Title, &c. Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in such

Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Question Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the shall ar'3e 33 Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in Moi^y16

pursuance the Person

1632

who shall be in Possession of the Lands, &c. to be deemed entitled thereto.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

Trustees to lay a Tax of 15s. per Acre, payable by annual Instalments.

Tenants on Lease to pay additional Rent.

4J GEORGII IV. Ca/;.lxxvi.

pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest therein, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the Time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, or that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the Time being to assess and tax all and every the Lands and Grounds, except as herein-after mentioned, now subject to and charged or chargeable with the said annual Rate or Assessment authorized by the said recited Act, with a Tax not exceeding the Sum of Fifteen Shillings an Acre, to be raised and paid to the said Trustees for the Time being, or their Receiver, Collector or Collectors, by Three equal annual Instalments, the First of such Instalments to be paid on the Eleventh Day of October next after the passing of this Act, and the Two subsequent Instalments to be paid on the same Day in each of the Two following Years.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any of the Lands or Grounds which shall be assessed, taxed, or charged with the said limited Tax, are held on Lease or Agreement for any Term longer than Three Years, the annual Rent reserved by such Lease or Agreement shall be increased after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on the gross Amount of such limited Tax charged and chargeable on the same Lands or Grounds, and become payable from and after such Day or Days as the said Trustees shall in that Behalf declare and appoint.

4° GEORGII IV. Cop.lxxvi.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies for the Owners or Proprietors of any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds so charged and chargeable with the said limited Tax as aforesaid, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, and to and for every of them for the Time being, and to and for the said Owners or Proprietors being Tenants in Tail or for Life, or Tenants in Tail after Possibility of Issue extinct, or Tenants in Dower, or being seised or entitled in Fee Simple, and to and for every of them respectively for the Time being, by Indenture or Indentures under their respective Hands and Seals, from Time to Time to charge the said Lands or Grounds belonging to such Owners or Proprietors respectively with any Sum or Sums of Money which shall or may be advanced or applied by him, her, or them respectively, in or towards Payment of the said limited Tax; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money with Interest, to grant, mortgage, lease, or demise, or otherwise subject the said Lands and Grounds of any such Owner or Proprietor respectively, unto any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, either in Fee or for any Number of Years, so as every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or under an express Trust to be surrendered, in case and when the Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, with lawful Interest for the same, shall be fully paid and satisfied, at a Time or Times to be appointed in that Behalf, and also with a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest thereof, and so as every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, not being made by Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, do also contain a Proviso, that the Person or Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion to the Lands or Grounds therein comprized shall not be liable, upon his, her, or their becoming possessed thereof, to the Payment of any further or larger Arrear of Interest, than for Six Months preceding the Time that his, her, or their Title to such Possession shall have commenced; and every such Charge, Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise as aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes hereby intended.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and required, on the Petition in Writing signed by the Proprietors of Three Parts in Five in Quantity of certain Lands lying between the River Glen and the late Westlode Drain, and also of certain Lands lying between the Counter Drain and the said River Glen, and certain Lands now draining exclusively by a certain Drain called the Gravel Drain and the said Counter Drain, to take, comprize, and include such Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, within the Drainage intended to be provided by this Act, upon the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, either in gross or annually, or both, and upon conformity with and to such Regulations, Gauges, and Restrictions as the said Trustees and the said Parties petitioning shall agree upon as just and reasonable, so as such Petition be presented to the said Trustees or their Clerk, within Four Calendar Months from the Time of passing this Act, and on such Agreement being so made, such Proprietors shall have the Benefit of the said Works so directed to be made as aforesaid, in common with the other Proprietors of Lands within the said LLocal-] 18 S Drainage,

1633

Power to Proprietors to charge the new limited Tax on their Estates.

Proprietors of other Lands may have Benefit of Drainage on Petition.

1634

Certain Lands to be exempted from limited Taxes.

Trustees to pay the Expences of this Act, and the Works of Drainage.

Power to raise further Monies by a Tax of 5s. per Acre*

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixxvi.

Drainage, and subject to such Regulations, Gauges, and Restrictions aforesaid; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so adjudged and agreed to be paid shall be received, and in Default of Payment thereof, recovered in the same Manner and by the like Ways and Means as the limited Tax hereby imposed, or the said annual Rate, Tax, or Assessment imposed or authorized by the said recited Act, are respectively directed to be received and recovered; and the Tenants of the Lands and Grounds so taken into the said Drainage on Petition as aforesaid, shall be liable to the same Increase of Rent in case of Leases or Agreements for more than Three Years as herein-before mentioned; and such Proprietors so petitioning and agreeing as aforesaid, shall have the like Power of raising and borrowing Money to defray such Sum or Sums as may be agreed to be paid (except such annual Tax) and by the same Ways and Means, and subject to the like Powers, Conditions, and Restrictions as are herein-before mentioned; and such Lands and Grounds as may be admitted to the Benefit of Drainage by this Act on Petition as aforesaid, and the Owners thereof, and all Works of Drainage already erected or to be erected thereon, shall from and after such Admission be and continue for ever afterwards subject to the Order, Controul, and Jurisdiction of the said Trustees and their Successors, and shall for ever afterwards be totally exempted from the Authority of the Court of Sewers, as fully as the Lands within the said recited Act; and the same are hereby made subject to the Order, Controul, and Jurisdiction of the said Trustees, and exempted from the Authority of the Court of Sewers as aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to render liable to the said limited Taxes hereby authorized to be imposed the several Lands and Grounds lying between the Counter Drain and the River Glen, and the Lands and Grounds draining exclusively by the said Drain called the Gravel Drain, into the said Counter Drain.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the Time being shall pay and apply the limited Taxes to be assessed by them under the Power herein-before in that Behalf contained, in the first Place, in paying, satisfying, and discharging all and every the Expences incurred in applying for, preparing, and passing this Act, and then of making, erecting, and building the said Engine or Engines, and other Works connected therewith, or which may become necessary in consequence thereof, and in deepening and otherwise improving the several Drains called the North Drove Drain, the South Drove Drain, and Cross Drain, and in heightening and strengthening the Banks of the said Vernatt’s Drain, as herein-before directed; and the Expence attending the Reference and Superintendence hereby required, and the Salary to the said Civil Engineer, and other Expences incident to the Execution of this Act, and shall lay out the Surplus thereof (if any) in further repairing the said Works of Drainage, or for any other of the general Purposes of the said recited Act or of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the limited Tax of Fifteen Shillings per Acre, herein-before directed to be raised, shall prove insufficient for the Purposes to which the same is to be applied, as hereinbefore is mentioned, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the Time being, and they are hereby required to call a Special Meeting of the

Owners

1635

4" GEORGII IV. Ctyj.lxxvi.

Owners and Proprietors of Lands charged and chargeable with the said limited Tax under this Act, by advertising the same in The Lincoln, Rutland, and Stamford Mercury, and Stanford News Newspapers, or some other Newspapers usually circulated in the said County of Lincoln, once a Week for at least Three successive Weeks immediately previous to the Day appointed for such Meeting, in order to take into Consideration the Propriety and Expediency of raising a further Sum of Money for the Purposes aforesaid; and if at such Meeting it shall be agreed by the Owners and Proprietors of Three Parts in Five of the Number of Acres then present in Person, or belonging to such as shall be represented by their known Agents, or by their Proxy or Deputies, appointed in Writing under their Hands, to invest the said Trustees with the Power to charge the said Lands and Grounds with a further Tax, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the Time being, and they are hereby required, to assess and tax the Lands and Grounds hereinbefore made liable to be charged with the said limited Tax of Fifteen Shillings an Acre, with such further Tax, not exceeding the Sum of Five Shillings an Acre, as shall or may be agreed upon at such Special Meeting to be called as aforesaid, the same to be raised by such annual Instalments, and payable to the said Trustees for the Time being, their Receiver, Collector or Collectors, at such Times as the said Trustees shall appoint and direct for that Purpose; and that the Trustees for the Time being shall apply the Money so to be assessed and taxed as last aforesaid, for the same Purposes and in the same Manner as is herein-before expressed with respect to the said limited Tax of Fifteen Shillings an Acre.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and Notice of they are hereby required to give or cause to be given Notice in Writing such addi-of their having assessed the said Lands and Grounds with the said additional Tax* tional Tax, by advertising the same in the said Newspapers, or some other Newspapers usually circulating in the County of Lincoln, once a Week for Three successive Weeks previous to the Time appointed for Payment of the First Instalment thereof.

XXIV. And whereas the said Trustees may find it expedient to anti- Power for cipate the Payments of the said limited Tax herein-before directed and Trustees to authorized to be raised for the Purpose of more expeditiously making Money on the several Works of Drainage herein-before provided for, or any of Credit of the them; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trus- Taxes and tees for the Time being, to borrow and take up at Interest, upon the Rates* Credit of the said limited Tax or Assessment, such Sum or Sums of

Money as they shall in their Judgment deem necessary and requisite for the Purposes aforesaid; which Money so borrowed shall be repaid to the Person or Persons lending the same, with such Interest, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, as may be agreed upon, out of the Monies that shall afterwards be received by the said Trustees for the Time being, under the Authority of this Act, in respect of the Tax or Assessment so to be pledged as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Annual Rate and for the said Trustees for the Time being, to rate, tax, and assess the to be made annual Rate, Tax, or Assessment authorized by the said recited Act and °n the Lands.

this

1636

The annual Rate on Lands exempted from the limited Tax ascertained.

Powers of Distress and Sale for Taxes and Rates.

How Defendants in Replevin may avow or make Cognisance.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxvi.

this Act, on the Lands chargeable therewith, instead of the Occupiers of such Lands, and to require Payment of the same from the Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds charged and chargeable with the same annual Rate, Tax, or Assessment altogether, and at a stated Period in the Year, instead of Half-yearly as directed by the said Act \ and to apply the same annual Rate, Tax, or Assessment, as well for the Purposes to which it is made applicable by the said recited Act, as also for defraying the Expences incident to the supporting, using, and managing of the said Engine or Engines directed to be erected by this Act, and in supporting and keeping the said North and South Drove Drains and the said Cross Drain} of such increased Dimensions as the same shall be made by virtue of this Act.

XXVI. And whereas it is necessary and expedient that the Amount of the annual Rate, Tax, or Assessment authorized by the said recited Act to be made by the said Trustees, should, so far as the same affects the Lands and Grounds lying between the said Counter Drain and the River Glen, and the Lands and Grounds draining exclusively by the said Drain called the Gravel Drain into the said Counter Drain, be fixed and determined, inasmuch as such Lands will not be benefited by the using and supporting of the said Engine or Engines herein-before directed to be made; be it therefore enacted, That the said Lands and Grounds lying between the said Counter Drain and the River Glenf and the said Lands and Grounds draining exclusively by the said Drain called the Gravel Drain, shall be annually charged and chargeable only by the said Trustees for the Time being with the Rate or Sum of Sixpence an Acre for and in respect of the said annual Rate, Tax, or Assessment, authorized by the said recited Act, and so in proportion for any lesser Quantity than an Acre.

XXVIL. And be it further enacted, That if any Instalment of any Tax or Assessment charged or to be charged by virtue of this Act, or the said annual Taxes or Rates or any of them, shall not be paid and discharged at the Time appointed for Payment thereof respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees for the Time being, or any Person or Persons appointed by them in Writing, and they and he are and is hereby empowered to enter into and upon the Lands or Grounds so charged as aforesaid, of any Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of such Taxes, Rates, or Assessments respectively, or into and upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds, in the Name of the Whole, and to levy the Amount of the Share or Proportion of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels which shall be found thereon, together with all Costs occasioned by such Nonpayment, and attending such Entry, Distress, and Sale, and otherwise to act therein, according to the Laws now in being for distraining in Cases of Non-payment of Rent reserved on common Demises.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case and when and so often as any Distress which shall be made by the said Trustees for the Time being, or by any Person or Persons to be appointed by them as aforesaid, under any of the Powers of this Act, shall be replevied, it shall be sufficient for the Defendant or Defendants in any Action of Replevin io to

1637

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lsxvi.

to be thereupon commenced, to avow or make Cognizance (as the Case may be) that such Distress was made to recover a Sum to be specified (as the Case may be) in respect of a certain Tax or Tax es, Rate or Rates,

Assessment or Assessments, before the Time of making such Distress, assessed or charged under and by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or One of them, or in respect of Rent payable under and by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or one of them.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Power to let Time or Times no sufficient Distress can be found on any of the Lands Lands for and Grounds charged or to be charged as aforesaid, by reason of their

being untenanted or unoccupied, or otherwise for levying any Tax, Rate, Rates or Assessment so charged or to be charged as aforesaid, or any Share or Proportion thereof, then and in every such Case the Lands and Grounds charged with such Tax, Rate, or Assessment shall be and remain a Security for Payment thereof; and the said Trustees for the Time being are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon, and let the said Lands and Premises from Year to Year at the best Rent that can be got for the same, and to take the Rents and Profits thereof until the said Tax, Rate, or Assessment, and all Arrears thereof, and all Expences occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid, and the Residue (if any) shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and shall be by him paid to the Owner or Owners of such Lands, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, w'hen demanded.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Tax, Rate, or Assess- Taxes and ment so charged or to be charged as aforesaid, or any Share or Propor- Rates re-tion thereof, shall not be paid within Thirty Days after the Time coverable when the same respectively shall be payable, then and in every such ^tctK)n nf Case and whenever it shall so happen, the same shall be recoverable with

Costs of Suit, by the said Trustees for the Time being, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster against the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds charged with the same Tax, Rate, or Assessment, in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiffs to declare that the Defendant or Defendants at the Time of the Commencement thereof was or were indebted to such Plaintiffs in a Sum of Money to be specified in respect of a certain Tax or Taxes, Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments (as the Case may be) assessed or charged, or payable under the said recited Act or this Act, or some or one of them, and in which Action no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the annual Meeting of the At the Trustees appointed to be held on the Day next after the last Thursday in annualMeet-April by the said recited Act, shall from and after the passing of this [ees°Pm-3" Act be held on the Second IVednesday in April, and at such annual Meet- prietors to ing the said Trustees for the Time being shall produce to the Owners settle

and Proprietors of One hundred Acres each of the said Lands and Accounts of Grounds charged with the said annual Tax, and to their Deputies or Trustees' Agents present at such Meeting, an Account in Writing for the Year preceding of the several Sums received and paid by them under or by virtue of any of the Provisions or Directions in the said recited Act or this Act contained, and the Vouchers for the same Account; and that it C*8 T shall

1638

Notice of annual Meetings to be published.

Entries of Proceedings and Accounts to be kept open for Inspection, and to be Evidence.

Any Seven of the Trustees may act.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap.Ht\\.

shall be lawful For the said Owners and Proprietors then present, 6r their Deputies or Agents, and they are hereby required to examine, settle, and allow the same Account, the Balance whereof shall be ascertained by the Chairman of every such annual Meeting.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the Time being shall give Notice of every annual Meeting of the Trustees to be held in pursuance of this Act in the said Newspapers, or if those Newspapers shall not then be published, then in some other Newspapers circulating in the County of Lincoln, once a Week for Three successive Weeks immediately previous to the Day of Meeting, in which Advertisement it shall be expressly stated that the Accounts of the said Trustees for the Year preceding will be then audited and settled.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, fair and regular Entries shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, of all the Acts, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Directions, and Proceedings of the said Trustees for the Time being under the said recited Act or this Act, relative to the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, and of the Names of the Persons who shall be present at the respective Meetings; and that fair and regular Entries shall also be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended in or about the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid; and the Entries which shall from Time to Time be made in such Book or Books as aforesaid, shall be signed by this Chairman present at such Meeting of the said Trustees, and that all such Entries being so signed shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and on all Occasions whatsoever; and all and every such Book and Books as aforesaid shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, and to the said Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of the said Lands and Grounds or their Agents, and every or any of them, upon Payment for every such Inspection of the Sum of One Shilling; and the said Trustees, and the said Owners and Proprietors and their Agents, and every or any of them* shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from such Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the Person or Persons who shall have the Care and Custody of the said Book or Books, shall refuse to permit or shall not permit the said Trustees or the said Owners or Proprietors, or their Agents or any of them, to inspect the same, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum of Money not exceeding PRe Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things hereby or by the said recited Act directed and authorized to be done by the said Trustees for the Time being, may be done and executed by the Majority of the Trustees present at any Meeting to be held under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act, the whole Number present not being less than Seven, and that the same shall be as valid and effectual as if done and executed by all the said Trustees for the Time being.

4° GEORGII IV. O^.lxxvi.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Trustee or Trustees under the said recited Act or this Act, shall act or be empowered to do any Act in the Execution of the Powers hereby given to them, except at the iie-spective Meetings to be held in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, and attended by such Number as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That a Chairman shall and may in the first Place be appointed at every Meeung to be held by virtue and for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, who in case of an equal Number of Votes (including the Chairman’s Vote) shall have the casting or decisive Vote.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall be thought necessary for the better Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, that the said Trustees should meet before the Time to which any Meeting may be adjourned, it shall and may be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees (or for the Clerk to the said Trustees) by an Order in Writing signed by any Five or more of them, to give Notice of such earlier Meeting by Advertisement in some Newspaper circulated in the said County of Lincoln, in which Notice shall be expressed the Time, Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting (such Time not being less than Three Days after Publication of the said Notice), and all the Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid as if the same had been done at any other Meeting of Trustees held by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act: Provided always, that no other Business than what shall be specified in such • Notice shall be transacted at any such Meeting: Provided also, that the said Trustees shall at all their Meetings defray their own Expences.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order which shall be made by a Majority of the said Trustees for the Time being at any of their Meetings, shall be altered, reversed, annulled, or made void at any subsequent Meeting, unless Seven or more of the said Trustees be present at such Meeting, and a Majority of the Trustees then present be consenting thereto, and unless Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing be given to each of the said Trustees, in which said Notice shall be expressed what Order or Orders are intended to be reversed or altered.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That a Majority of the said Trustees assembled at their annual Meeting to be held in pursuance of the said recited Act, Notice being first given of the Intention and special Object of such Meeting, by Advertisement in the Newspapers aforesaid, or some other Newspapers usually circulated in the said County of Lincoln, Fourteen Days before such Meeting, shall from Time to Time have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act to make Bye-laws, Orders, and Constitutions, for the Purpose of preserving, using, or well-governing the said joint and general Works of Drainage executed under the said recited Act or to be executed under this Act, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures for the Breach of such Bye-laws, Orders, or Constitutions, as the said Trustees or a Majority of them shall think fit, so as no such Fines or Forfeitures shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds on any One Person for any One Offence, which said Bye-laws, Orders, and Constitutions, being reduced into Writing under the Hands of a Majority

of

1(30

Trustees not to act but at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act.

Chairman to be appointed.

Meetings may be held on Emergen-

Trustees to pay their own Expences.

No Orders to be altered

Trustees.

Trustees may make Bye-laws.

1640

Power to remove Obstructions.

Penalty on driving Carriages on the Banks, 01 damaging Works.

Banks maybe used as Bridle and

4" GEORGII IV. GV^.lxxvi.

of the said Trustees, and Copies thereof in legible Characters shall be painted on Boards and affixed in some conspicuous Place and Places at Pode Hole aforesaid, and renewed from Time to Time whenever the same shall be defaced, obliterated, or altered, shall be binding upon and be observed by all Parties, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same, either in punishing such Persons as shall disobey the same, or in levying any Penalty or Forfeiture thereby incurred, so that such Bye-laws, Orders, and Constitutions be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or ro any Provision contained in the said recited Act or this Act, and subject to Appeal in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized from Time to Time to remove or cause to be removed all Impediments, Annoyances, and Obstructions whatsoever from Time to Time in the Main Drains and other Works vested in them by the said recited Act or this Act; and the said Trustees, their Agents, Officers, or Workmen, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to remove and destroy, or cause to be removed and destroyed, any Nets, Fishing Wears, or Fish Garths, put down in the said Drains and other Works; and in case the Person or Persons who shall occasion any such Impediment, Annoyance, or Obstruction, shall refuse or neglect to remove the same in such Manner as the said Trustees or their Agents, Officers, or Workmen shall require, by the Space of Seven Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, or shall again put down any Nets, Fishing Wears, or Fish Garths, every such Person so neglecting or offending, on Conviction before Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Division of Keste-uen or Holland, in the said County of Lincoln, by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices j and for want of sufficient Distress such Offender or Offenders shall, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Seven Days, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not authorized so to do shall drive any Wain, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage on, over, or across any of the Banks, Cess, or Forelands and Backlands, to be maintained by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, unless with the Consent of the said Trustees, or shall break down, damage, or destroy any Gate, Post, Rail, or Fence maintained as aforesaid, or shall pull down, deface, obliterate, or destroy any Board containing any Bye-law, Order, or Constitution, to be made under the Authority of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the several Works herein-before directed to be made for improving the Drainage of 10 the

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxvi. 1641

the said Lands and Grounds shall have been completed, it shall and may be Drift Ways lawful to and for the said Trustees for the Time being, and they are to thetar,ns' hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time to license the using of the Banks and Back Lands of the said North Drove Drain and of the said South Drove Drain, or either of them, as private Bridle and Drift Ways to the several Farms and Lands adjoining the Banks of the said Drains respectively, subject nevertheless to such Conditions, Restrictions, and Power of Revocation as to them the said Trustees shall seem proper and expedient.

XLIII. And whereas it is expedient to make further Regulations for Banks not to the Preservation of the said Works of Drainage, be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whom- than wjtj1 soever to drive any Horse or Horses, Swine or Cattle except Sheep, sheep, which shall be found upon the Banks of the said Drains or the said River Welland vested in the said Trustees, to the nearest Common Pound or Fold to where such Horse or Horses, Swine or Cattle (except Sheep), shall be found, and the Pinder or Fold Keeper of the i>aid Parish is hereby directed to impound and hold the same in his Custody, and to feed them while they so remain in his Custody, and the same shall not be re-pleviable, but shall remain in the Custody of the Pinder or Fold Keeper for the Time being, until he shall have been paid for each and every of such Horses or other Cattle so impounded any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than One Shilling, subject to the Approbation of any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Division, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, together with all Costs of taking, impounding, and feeding the same during the Time they shall remain impounded; and if the Penalty or Penalties, together with such Costs, shall not be accordingly paid within the Space of Ten Days after the Time of distraining such Horse or Horses, Swine or Cattle, it . shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County,

Division, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, to sell or cause to be sold the Distress so impounded, by Auction, at the Market Town nearest to such Common Pound, on some Market Day between the Hours of Twelve at Noon and Three in the Afternoon, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale, in the first Place, in Payment of all Costs and Charges attending the impounding, detaining, keeping, and feeding the said Horse or Horses, or Swine or Cattle so impounded, and the Sale and Disposal thereof; and in the next Place, in Payment and Satisfaction of the said Penalty or Penalties incurred; and in case there shall be any Surplus, the same shall be paid to and remain in the Hands of the Superintendent, to be by him returned and paid to the Owner or Owners of the Horse or Horses, Swine or Cattle so impounded, on Demand.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for. the Time Trustees to being shall or may sue and be sued in any Action or Actions, Suitor Suits* sue and be to be commenced or prosecuted in respect of any Matter or Thing arising !l,ed in t,e out of the said recited Act or this Act, in the Name of their Clerk; and cieToftheir that no such Action or Suit shall abate or be discontinued by reason of Suits not to the total or partial Change of the said Trustees, or by reason of the Death abate by or Removal of their Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Con- C1,fmge8-sent of the said Trustees; but the Proceedings in any such Action or Suit [Local.*] 18 U shall

1642

Prohibiting the same Person from acting as Clerk and Treasurer.

Trustees may pay the Expences of Prosecutions.

The Appointments and other Matters of Form to

admitted in

Evidence,

unless Notice given to produce them.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxvi.

shall be carried on to execution, if necessary, in the Name of their Clerk, by or against whom such Action or Suit shall have been commenced.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons \vho has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act; or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of D6bt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Prosecution shall be commenced or prosecuted in pursuance of this Act, under the Authority or by the Direction of the said Trustees or any of them, then and in every such Case the said Trustees shall, out of the Monies arising by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, allow and pay to the Prosecutor, or such Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced or prosecuted, all such reasonable Costs and Charges as such Person or Persons shall be really and bond fide out of Pocket for or by reason of such Action or Prosecution, or any Judgment or Determination therein, and likewise indemnify all such Persons as shall be prosecuted, or have any Action or Actions brought against them, for or by reason of any thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, under the Authority and by the Direction of the said Trustees.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in any Action or Suit hereinafter to be brought by or against the said Trustees, or their Clerk for the Time being, or any of the Persons acting in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, for any Cause, Matter, or Thing arising out of the same Acts or either of them, the Appointments of Trustees, Clerk, Treasurers, Collectors, or other Officers, or Persons appointed or to be appointed by the said Trustees for the Time being, under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, the Books of Entries of the Proceedings of the said Trustees for the Time being, the Rates or Assessments made or to be made by the said Trustees for the Time being, and the Notices of any such Rate or Rates to be hereafter made, shall, upon the Trial of 7 any

1643

4° GEORGII IV. (Juj).Ixxvi.

any such Action or Suit, stand admitted in Evidence, unless the other Party or Parties shall, if Defendant or Defendants at or before the Time of pleading, or if Plaintiff or Plaintiffs before Issue joined in such Action or Suit, give Notice in Writing to the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, that he, she, or they intend to dispute such Appointment or Appointments, or any Entry or Entries, Proceeding or Proceedings, Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, Notice or Notices, or such of them as shall be particularly specified in the said Notice so hereby required to be given as aforesaid; and where in any such Action or Suit any such Notice shall have been given, if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as the Case may be, shall at the Trial prove the Matter or Matters required to be proved in and by such Notice, or any of them; or if the other Party or Parties shall at the Trial admit the same, the Judge before whom the Cause shall be heard shall, if he shall see fit, grant a Certificate that such Proof or Admission was made upon such Trial; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as the Case may be, to whose Attorney such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the full Costs of Suit to be occasioned by such Notice, such Costs to be taxed by the proper Officer of the Court in which the Action or Suit shall be tried as aforesaid; and such Costs shall, in case such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may be), to whose Attorney such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, shall obtain a Verdict, be added to his or her Costs; and if the other Party or Parties shall obtain a Verdict, then such Costs shall be deducted from the Costs which the Party or Parties giving such Notice as aforesaid would otherwise be entitled to receive from the Person or Persons to whose Attorney such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid; and in case the Costs occasioned as aforesaid shall exceed the Costs which the Party giving such Notice would otherwise have been entitled to receive, the Person or Persons to whose Attorney such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be entided to recover the Difference of the said Costs, in like manner as if Costs had been awarded to such last-mentioned Person or Persons.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Pleadings and Proceedings whatsoever, wherein it shall be necessary to state that any Articles, Materials, or Things is or are the Property of the said Trustees for the Time being acting under the said recited Act or this Act, it shall be sufficient to state that all and every such Articles, Materials, and Things is or are the Property of " the Trustees of the Deeping Fen General Works of Drainage," without particularly stating or specifying all and every the Names and Name of the said Trustees for the Time being.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, by this Act.or by any Bye-law, Rule, or Order to be made by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, inflicted, or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying, recovering, and applying whereof is not herein otherwise directed) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed (as the Case may require), either by the Confession of the Party offending or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justices are in every Case hereby fully authorized to administer), be levied, together with the Costs attending

Sufficient in Proceedings to state the Property to belong to the Trustees.

Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

1644 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixxvi,

ing the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices (which Warrant such Justices are hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus (if any) after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justices to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody, until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justices, for his or their Appearance before such Justices, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Five Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justices are hereby empowered to If Penalties, take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of be"levied°the suc^ Warrant lt shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had there-Offenders to6 upon> then it shall be lawful for any such Justices of the Peace as afore-be committed said, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or War-for any Time rants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders not exceeding to committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the ix ont s. county^ Liberty, or Place where the Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied, and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

Persons interested not on that ac-

eompetent

Witnesses.

L. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, Causes, and Proceedings whatsoever relating to or concerning the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, no Owner or Occupier, or other Person interested in the Lands and Grounds lying within the Purview of the same Acts, shall by reason of his or her Ownership, Occupancy, or Interest be deemed an incompetent Witness.

Power to

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful formers Part ^or Trustees for the Time being, whenever they shall see Cause,

of Penalties. to direct any Part of such Penalty or Forfeiture, which they shall think reasonable, to be paid to or for the Use of any Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons aiding or assisting in the Apprehension or in the Prosecution to Conviction of any Offender or Offenders.

onvictions.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, or against any Order of Sessions, or any other Matter or Thing done in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, the Form of Conviction may be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ BE

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxvi.

4 TIE it remembered. That on this Day of

4 in the Year of our Lord is convicted

* before Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the of having [as the Offence shall be~\f and we

the said do adjudge him [her or them] to

forfeit and pay for the same the Sum of . Given under

our Hands and Seals the Day and Year aforesaid.’

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or other Proceedings whatsoever relative to the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, or any other Matter or Thing done in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in any of the Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties so distraining j but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall or may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action of Trespass on the Case.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Politic, for any thing done in execution or pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act (other than in an Action of Replevin), unless Notice in Writing of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs, and specifying the Cause of Action, shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; but on Proof of such Tender at any Trial to be had in such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suffer Judgment as in Cases of Nonsuit, with double Costs, to be recovered in the same Manner as aiiy Defendant or Defendants may recover Costs in any other Case by Law; or in case no such Tender shall have been made before Action brought, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall be depending in Term, or of a Judge of the same Court in Vacation, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act (except in such Cases where the final Determination [Local.'} 18 X is

1645

Form of Conviction.

Proceeding! not to be quashed for Want of Form.

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form.

Plaintiff not to recover after Tender of Damages.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

1646

Limitation of Actions.

Money advanced for obtaining this Act to be repaid with interest.

4° GEORGII IV. Cop. lxxvi.

is directed by this Act), and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been hereby appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Parts of Kesteven or Holland, within Six Calendar Months after such Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, the Person appealing first giving or causing to be given Thirty Days Notice in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause of Matter thereof, to the Respondent or Respondents, or to the Clerk to the said Trustees, in case such Appeal should be against any Act or Determination of the said Trustees, and within Ten Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said Parts of Kesteven or Holland, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at the said Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Causes and Matters of every such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of the said Justices in their said Quarter Sessions shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, for any thing done in execution or pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be tried in the County where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, or may avow or make Cognizance as hereinbefore is provided, according to the Nature of the Case, and may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had in any such Action or Suit; and if the same shall appear to have been done in pursuance or under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty-one Days Notice (except in Replevin) shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or if the same shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cases by Law. J

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall be lent or advanced by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, shall be repaid with lawful Interest to the Person or Persons who shall have lent or advanced the same, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, out o'f xo the

1647

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. Ixxvi.

the first Monies to be received by the said Trustees for the Time being, under the Authority of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the Forty- Provisions of first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and the recited all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Clauses,

Articles, Matters, and Things therein contained, and now in force (save and except such Part and Parts thereof as is and are altered, varied, amended, or repealed), shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and the same, as far as they are applicable, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Lands lying Act contained shall extend, or be deemed, taken, or construed to extend North of the to charge or render liable to any Rate, Tax, or Assessment respectively, for Glen not to the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, the Lands and Grounds be ta*ed' in the Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining or lying contiguous to the North Bank of the River Glen.

LXI. And whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted, that the Lands Alteration in and Grounds to be divided under the Authority of the same Act, should w°rk$.of be set out in such Number of Districts, for the better internal Drainage th^DjstHct* thereof, and that the interior Works of Drainage therein should be vested may be made, in such Number of Trustees respectively as the said Commissioners should as also new by their Award declare to be necessary for preserving and maintaining the °*8 same: And whereas the said Lands and Grounds, divided under the 1 ere,n' Authority of the said recited Act, are by the Award of the said Commissioners set out in Six Districts, and Three Trustees for each District are also declared by the same Award to be necessary for maintaining and preserving the interior Works of Drainage in the said respective Districts:

And whereas by the said recited Act, the several Powers and Authorities thereby given to the Trustees for general Works are extended to the Trustees for the Districts, and it is necessary to extend in like Manner the Powers herein-before given to the Trustees for general Works to the Trustees for Districts, and to enable the last-mentioned Trustees to make such Works for the better Drainage of the Districts as are herein-after mentioned; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees for such Districts, with the Consent and Approbation of the Owners or Proprietors of Three Parts in Five of the Number of Acres comprized in any such District, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, when need or occasion shall seem to them to require, to cause such Alterations to be made in the internal Works of Drainage within any of such Districts respectively, and also to cause such new or other Drains, Engines, Mills, and Works, to be from Time to Time made or executed within any of the said Districts respectively, and such Communications between the same or any of them, and the said Main Drains, and to remove the present Mill Dams now being across the said Main Drains, or to make such Sluice or Sluices in or through the same Mill Dams respectively, as in the Judgment of such Trustees for such Districts respectively as aforesaid may be deemed by them proper

1648

Further Power for the Recovery of District Acre Rates, and to remove Obstructions.

Officers of the River Glen may sue and the Name of their Clerk.

Glen Rate to be paid out of District Rate.

4° GEORGII IV. C«p.lxxvi.

and necessary for effecting the Drainage of any of such respective Districts, and for supplying the same in Times of Drought with fresh Water, and from Time to Time to pay and discharge the Expences of altering the said existing internal Works of Drainage, and of making and executing such new and other Drains, Engines, Mills, and Works, out of any Monies applicable to the general Purposes of such respective Districts by virtue of the said recited Act, and for such Purposes, and with such Consent of Proprietors as aforesaid, to increase the annual Acre Rate, Tax, or Assessment authorized by the said recited Act, for the Maintenance of the internal Works of Drainage comprized within any such Districts respectively, to any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings an Acre; any thing contained in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for such Districts for the Time being shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities to levy, raise, and recover the District Acre Rate or Tax authorized to be raised and levied by the said recited Act; and also to sue and be sued in the Name of their respective Clerks, and to pay the Costs and Expences of Actions and Prosecutions brought or defended by them rer spectively, and to remove Obstructions and Annoyances within such respective Districts, as are herein-before given to the Trustees for the Time being of the said Act and this Act.

LX1I1. And whereas by the said recited Act the Commissioners thereby appointed were authorized to provide for the Repair, Support, and Maintenance of the Banks of the River Glen, and the Officer and Officers or other Person or Persons for the Time being having the Direction of the Repairs of such Banks, were thereby empowered and required to make Rates upon the several Persons and Parties therein referred to, for the Repair and Preservation thereof: And whereas the Powers and Remedies provided by the said recited Act are ineffectual for the Recovery of such Rates, and it is necessary to extend and give further Powers for the Recovery thereof, and for the Management of the Trust thereby created; be it therefore further enacted, That the Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons for the Time being having the Direction of the Repairs of the Bank or Banks of the River Glen, under or by virtue of the said recited Act, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities to levy, raise, and recover the Rate and Rates by the same Act authorized to be made, for the Repair and Preservation of the said respective Banks, and also to sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk, and to pay the Costs and Expences of Actions and Prosecutions brought or defended by them respectively, as is herein-before given to the Trustees of general Works for the Time being, of the said recited Act and this Act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for Districts for the Time being shall and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons having the Direction of the Repairs of the Banks of the River Glen, such several Sum and Sums of Money as such several Districts shall be from Time to Time rated with, under the Authority of the said recited Act, for and towards the Repair and Preservation of the respective Banks of the River Glen, and lor that Purpose to increase, when necessary, such Rate, Tax, or Assess-’ 4 '• •' ment

1649

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxvi.

ment on the Lands comprized within such Districts, to the Extent of the Payment required to be made in respect of such Lands, for the Repair and Preservation of the Banks of the said River as aforesaid.

LXV. And whereas the General Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty were thereby authorized and required to make or cause to be made so much of the Bank of the River Welland as adjoined to the Parish of James Deeping of such sufficient Heighth and Strength as they should think necessary to prevent the Water from breaking or overflowing the said Bank, and for that Purpose to take Earth out of the Bed of the said River Welland, and that the Costs, Charges, and Expences of executing the said Work, should be paid and borne in the way and manner therein directed, and the said Commissioners did in part execute the said Work, and in so doing possessed themselves of certain Frontage Lands called Ives, in the said Parish of Deeping Saint Janies, which were valued and estimated at the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, or thereabouts, and for which the Owners of such Lands have received no Compensation, and it is necessary that the said Works should be completed and Satisfaction made to the said Owners, and that such Bank should be vested as herein-after is mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the said Bank shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to make and complete the same, of such sufficient Heighth and Strength as they shall think necessary to prevent the Waters of the said River from breaking or overflowing the said Bank, and the said Trustees are hereby authorized to fence the same from the said Frontage Lands, if the same shall be deemed expedient; and that the Costs and Charges of executing the said Work, and of maintaining and keeping the same of such sufficient Heighth and Strength, shall be borne and paid by the several Persons and Parties, Bodies Politic and Corporate, now respectively liable to the Repairs of such Bank, in conjunction with the Owners of the said Lands and Grounds charged with the said limited Tax, in such Shares and Proportions as to the said Trustees for the Time being shall seem just and equitable, and as they shall by any Writing under their Hands order and appoint; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized and required to make Satisfaction to the Amount aforesaid for the said Frontage Land so taken by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, by and out of the Monies so to be raised as last aforesaid.

Bank of the River Welland in James Deeping

Trustees.

LXVI. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of Provision for the Reign of His late Majesty, the General Commissioners thereby ap- supplying an-pointed were required to enlarge, deepen, and scour out the River Glen j^Thetford'* from Rates Bridge to the Reservoir, and the said Commissioners did en- an{j xhurlby large, deepen, and scour out the said River, pursuant to the Directions in with fresh the same Act contained, and by so doing rendered useless and ineffectual Water from Two certain ancient Tunnels, used for the Supply of fresh Water to cer- the (',en tain Lands in the Parish of Thurlby, contiguous to the Car Dike, containing about Six hundred Acres, and to certain Lands called Thetford, in the Parish of Baston, the Property of George Richards Denshire Esquire:

And whereas there are divers other ancient Tunnels now used for supplying the Parishes of Thurlby, Pinchbeck, and Spalding, and Lands in Bourn North Fen, and Bourn South Fen, and Deeping Fen, with fresh Water from the said River Glen j be it therefore enacted, That the Person so to [Local.] 18 T be

1650 4" GEORGII IV. C«/>.lxxvi.

be appointed Civil Engineer, as herein-before mentioned, shall and he is hereby authorized, empowered, and required, at the Costs and Charges of the Owners of the said Lands in the said Parish of Thurlby, and of the said George Richards Denshire, respectively to make and execute such Works as shall or may, in the Judgment of such Engineer, be deemed necessary and effectual for affording to the said Lands in Thurlby and Thetford respectively, such Supply of fresh Water from the said River, as the said Lands respectively were accustomed to have and receive previously to the deepening of the said River : Provided always, that the Tunnel, Aperture, or other Work to be made or laid out of the said River, or through the Banks thereof, or in the Bed or Side of the same, for supplying the said Lands in Thurlby, shall not exceed Ten Inches Square Waterway, and for supplying the said Lands called Thetford, shall not exceed Eight Inches Square Waterway : Provided also, that the said Civil Engineer, at the like Costs and Charges of the respective Parties aforesaid, shall and he is hereby authorized and required to adopt such Ways and Means as will prevent the Water which shall be supplied to the said Lands in Thurlby and Thetford aforesaid from being diverted or carried through such last-mentioned Lands or any Part thereof, into any other Lands, or to pass down any Dike or Drain to run to waste : Provided also, that no Dam, Staunch, Weir, or other Impediment in the Watercourse of the said River, from the Flctland Mill to the Outfall of the said River, shall be used, employed, or adopted for such Purposes aforesaid: Provided also, that in case it shall be found necessary to make any Work above the said Bridge called Rates Bridge, or the King's Street Dike, for supplying the said Lands in Thurlby and Thetford, or either of them, with fresh Water as aforesaid, that the same shall be made below the Surface of the adjoining Lands, and under the Bed of the several Dikes and Drains which it would or might otherwise necessarily intersect, so that thereby no Stoppage, Impediment, or other Obstacle to the Passage of the Flood and Drainage Waters of the Lands lying on the West Side of the King’s Street Dike and of the said Bridge, be occasioned.

LXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act or any thing herein contained shall not prejudice or hinder the Proprietors or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds near or adjoining to the said River Glen in Thurlby, Thetford, Bourn South Fen, Bourn North Fen, Deeping Fen. Pinchbeck, and Spalding aforesaid, from taking or running Water out of the said River Glen into such Lands or Grounds, in such Manner and by such Ways and Means as the said Proprietors and Occupiers, or either or any of them, have been used and accustomed to do, and as they severally might have done in case this Act or the said recited Act had not been passed.

General LXVIII. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

Saving. and Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Collegiate, and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Administrators, and Assigns, all such Estate and Interest as they, every, or any of them had and enjoyed of, into, or out of, or in respect of the Lands and Premises hereby intended to be drained and improved before the .passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

General Saving for Owners and Occupiers, to take Water out of the Glen as heretofore.

I.XIX. Pro-

4UGEORGII IV. C«/>.ixxvi.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal, invalidate, lessen, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities of the Adventurers and Proprietors of taxable and free Lands in Deeping old inclosed Fen, or of the Commissioners of Sewers for the County of Lincoln, or of the said Trustees for Districts for the Time being.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

1051

Saving Clause to Commissioners of Sewers, Adventurers of Deeping Fen and other Districts.

[Public Act.]

LONDON: Printed by Gf.orge Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers fo the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1853.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Wadsley and Langset Turnpike Road, and extending the same in Two Lines to join the Huddersfield and Woodhead Turnpike Road, in the Townships of Upperthong and Honley in the West Riding of the County of York.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for making and keeping in repair a Carriage Road, to 45 G. 3. C. 107. branch out of the Sheffield and Peniston Turnpike Road, in the Township of Wadsley in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Doncaster and Salter’s Brook Turnpike Road in the Township of Langset in the said West Riding: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said recited Act have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted considerable Sums of Money, which still remain due and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless further Tolls and Powers are granted, and other Provisions made for those Purposes: And whereas the making and maintaining of [Local.'} 18 Z Two

1654 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxvii.

Two additional Lines of Road, severally extending from the present Termination of the Wadsley and Langset Road, in the Township of Langset, the One of them by way of Saughley and Cross to join the Huddersfield and Woodhead Turnpike Road, in the Township of Upperthong in the Parish of Almondbury in the said West Riding; and the other of such additional Lines of Road by way of New Mill, through certain ancient Inclosures called the Neeleys, to join the Huddersfield and Woodhead Turnpike Road in the Township of Honley in the said Parish of Almondbury, would be of public Utility : And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, 3G. 4. c. 126. intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty should be repealed, and that other Provisions should be made instead thereof: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assem-Repeal of bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Second

c*l07^* Monday next after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act of the

c' Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty shall be and the same is hereby repealed and made void; and that this Act shall be applied and put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for making, amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the several public Carriage Roads herein-after described; (that is to say). Roads for amending, widening, improving, and repairing the present Road lead-

described. ing from the Sheffield and Peniston Turnpike Road, in the said Township of Wadsley, to the Doncaster and Salter's Brook Road, in the said Township of Langset, commonly called the Wadsley and Langset Road; and >also for making, amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the said Two additional Lines of Road From the;piesent Termination of the said Wadsley and Langset Road, in the Township of Langset, the one by way of Saughley and Cross, to join the said Huddersfield and Woodhead Turnpike Road, in the said Township of Upperthong, and the other by way of New Mill, to join the same Turnpike Road in the said Township of Honley.

Provisions of

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the 3G.4. c. 126. Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the "to Powers> Provisions, Exemptions, Matters and Things therein contained (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act), shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

Debts and

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the Term and Tolls Credits under hereby granted, affecting or arising from the said Wadsley and Langset Act secured ^oad’ sha^ be and the same are hereby declared to be subject and liable by this Act. to ^be Payment of all Sums of Money, Debts and Demands, now due and owing on the Credit or Security of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign hereby repealed, and all Interest due and to grow due on any of them respectively j and all and every Person and Persons by whom any Sum of Money may be owing to the Trustees 9 for

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxvii. 1655

tor executing the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, shall be liable to . the Payment thereof to the Trustees of the same Road hereby appointed or authorized to be appointed j and all Bonds, Conveyances, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts and Securities, made to or by or entered into by any Person or persons to or with the Trustees of the said former Act hereby repealed, shall remain in full force and effect, and shall be and continue available in ajl Courts of Law and Equity until the same are fully satisfied and performed on account of and for the Benefit of the Trustees under this Act; and all Lettings of Tolls, Orders, Contracts, and Agreements, made and entered into by the Trustees of the said former Act, shall, so far as the same are not altered or avoided by this Act, remain in full force and effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees of the same Road appointed or to be appointed by this Act, accofding to the Stipulations thereof; the Repeal of the said former Act, or any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Proceedings of the Books of Trustees in the Execution of the said former Act, provided according to Proceedings the Directions or Provisions thereof, and thereby made Evidence, shall ^nJe^a|iemer and may be read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits, i^ence. Actions, Controversies, or Disputes touching any thing done by virtue or

in pursuance of the said last-recited Act or this Act, or in anywise relating thereto.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Roads comprised in Division of this Act shall be divided into Three separate Districts or Trusts, and that the Road into the said Road called " The Wadsley and Langset Turnpike Road" shall Three

be one of such Districts or Trusts, and be called or described " The 'strict;!' Wadsley and Langset District ;* the said additional or extended Line of ^set Road through Saughley and Cross shall be another of such Districts or District; Trusts, and be called " The Holmfirth District and the said additional Holmtirth or extended Line of Road through New Mill shall be the other of such District; and Districts or Trusts, and be called " The New Mill District and that New Mill all the Money arising from Tolls and otherwise by virtue of this Act District, within the Wadsley and Langset District, shall be exclusively applicable Tolls re-to the Expences of executing so much of this Act as relates to the same

District; and that all Monies arising from Subscriptions, Tolls, or other- appi[gd for wise, by virtue of this Act, within the said Holmfirth District, shall be 'that District, exclusively applicable to the Expences of executing so much of this Act as relates to the same District; and further, that all Monies arising from Subscriptions, Tolls, or otherwise, by virtue of this Act, within the said New Mill District, shall be exclusively applicable to the Expences of executing so much of this Act as relates to the same District.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees for Peace acting for the said West Riding of the County of York, Thomas the Wadsley Ashy Joseph Bailey, John Baileyy Richard Bay ley, Thomas Newman Bard- and Langset welly Ralph Blakelock, Thomas Booths John Booth, Robert Brightmore, Distr'ct-Charles Brookfield, Ebenezer Brookes, John Brown, Peter Brownell, John Butcher, James Burbeary, Benjamin Burbeary, Thomas Champion, the

Master of the Corporation of Cutlers within Hallamshire for the Time being, Peter Cadman, Joseph Cam, Stuart Corbett the younger, Samuel i Deakin,

1656

4° GEORGII IV. . Cyj.lxxvii.

Deakin, James Deakin, Thomas Deakin, George Deakin, Thomas Dunn, John Eadon, Joel Eaton, Henry Elgie, Michael Ellison, Vincent Henry Eyre, John Eyre, Fenton, John Fletcher Clerk, John Fox, Edward Fox,

John Frith, Robert Gainsford, Joseph Grayson, Thomas Grayson, John Green, George Hall, Henry Hartop, William Harwood the younger, Samuel Hadfield, Rowland Hodgson, Thomas Beard Holy, George Hounsfield, Bartholomew Hounsfield, John Hirst Hoy land, William Jarvis, John Jones, Samuel Kirkby, Arnold Knight Doctor of Medicine, Philip Law, Henry Longden, Samuel Lucas the younger, William Marsden, Jonathan Marshall, Gamaliel Milner the younger, John Milner, Samuel Mitchell the younger, John Morton, John Newbould, Henry Newbould, Thomas Newbould, William Newbould, William Newman, Isaac Newton, John Parker, Ebenezer Parker, Adamson Parker, Francis Parker Clerk, Joseph Parkin, John Payne, Richard Eckroyd Payne, Thomas Pearson, Samuel Peach, Thomas Pierson, William Proctor, Thomas Raws on, James Rawson, Joseph Read, John Read, Samuel Revell, Ebenezer Rhodes, James Rimington, Henry Rimifigton, Samuel Roberts, Robert Rodgers, Maurice Rodgers, Joseph Rodgers, Benjamin Rose, Benjamin Sayle, John Shore the younger, Offley Shore, Sir George Sitwell Baronet, Mark Skelton the younger, Joseph Dixon Skelton, John Sorby the younger, James Sorby, William Staniforth the younger, John Staniforth, Richard Stanley, Broughton Benjamin Steade, Edward Steade, Thomas Sutton Clerk, Richard Swallow the younger, Bernard John Wake, Thomas Ward, Thomas Asline Ward, Samuel Broomhead Ward, Samuel Broomhead Ward the younger, James Wheat, Frederick Wilkinson, William Wilson the younger, Joseph Wilson the younger, Benjamin Withers, John Stuart Wortley, Charles Stuart Wortley, William Tounge Doctor of Medicine, William Tounge, George Tounge, Samuel Tounge, and Charles Tounge, and their Successors, together with such other Persons, not exceeding the Number of Five, as the said Trustees shall at their First or any subsequent Meeting nominate in that behalf, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, widening, improving, keeping in repair, Care and Management of the said Road herein-before described and comprised in the said Wads-ley and Langset District, and for carrying into Execution the several Powers, Purposes, and Trusts of this Act, so far as the same relate to such District.

Trustees for

VII. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the the Holm- Peace acting for the said West Riding of the County of York, John Bates, firth Diitriot. James Bates, William Bates, Benjamin Bates, Joseph Batley, Timothy Bentley, Richard Boothroyd, John Boothroyd, Tedbar Boothroyd, Joseph Bray, James Brook, Joseph Brook, Jonas Brook, Charles Brook, James Brooke, Jonathan Brooke, Ely Brooke, John Brooke, Benjamin Butterworth, Joseph Charles-worth, Joseph Rhodes Charlesworth, David Charlesworth, Joshua Charles-worth, James Charlesworth, Joshua Cuttell the younger, Joseph Cuttell, Abel Cuttell, William Dickinson, Joseph Dickinson,* John Dickinson, Frederick Dickinson, James Farrar, George Farrar, Thomas Farrar, George Farrar the younger, John Gartside, George Gartside, Joseph Gartside, Samuel Hadfield, George Haigh, Haigh, John Harpin, Joshua Hinchliffe, Joseph Hinch-

James Hinchliffe, George Hinchlffe, John Hinchliffe, Jonathan Hirst, John Hirst, James Horncastle, Joseph Johnson, Joshua Littlewood, Thomas Littlewood, Robert Pemberton Milnes, Matthew Moor house, Joseph Moor-house, Joshua Moor house, Robert Morrey, John Newton, James Rimington, James Shaw, Robert Shaw, Henry Shaw, Jonathan Shaw, William Stans-

field.

1(557

4° GEORGII IV. C«/».lxxvii.

field, William Stephenson, Samuel Stephenson, James Stocks, James Stocks the younger, John Taylor, George Taylor, Uriah Tinker, Ebenezer Tinker, John Tinker, John Tinker the younger, Jonathan Tunnicliffe, Jonathan Turner,

Joseph Turner, Jonathan Wadsworth, John Wagstaff, John Wagstaff the younger, Ely Wimpenny, and John Woodhcad, and their Successors, together with such other Persons, not exceeding the Number of Five, as the said Trustees shall at their First or any subsequent Meeting nominate in that Behalf, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, keeping in Repair, Care and Management of the said Road herein-before described, and comprised in the said Holmfirth District, and for carrying into Execution the several Powers, Purposes, and Trusts of this Act, so far as the same relate to that District.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees for Peace acting for the said West Riding of the County of York, John the New Mill Armitage, John Bates, Timothy Bentley, Charles H. Bill, William Bingley, ,slr,ct‘ Benjamin Bradshaw, James Brook, Joseph Brook, Jonas Brook, William

Brook, Carr the younger, James Deakin, Elihu Dickinson, Joseph

Eastwood, James Eastwood, John Firth the younger, John Greaves, Samuel Hadfield, Benjamin Haigh, Hargreaves, John Heywood, Jonathan Hinch-

cliffe, John Hustler the younger, B. Hutchinson Clerk, John Kaye,

James Moorhouse, William Moorhouse, Railton Clerk, William Raw-

son, John Rothwell, James Shaw, Joshua Shaw, John Shaw, Thomas Shaw,

Uriah Tinker, Philip Tinker, Tedbar Tinker, John Tinker the younger,

Ebenezer Tinker, Uriah Tinker the younger, Abel Tinker the younger,

John Tinker, Thomas West, John Wilson, Benjamin Wilson, and Abraham JVoodhead, and their Successors, together with such other Person or Persons not exceeding the Number of Five, as the said Trustees shall at their First or any subsequent Meeting nominate in that Behalf, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, keeping in Repair,

Care and Management of the said Road herein-before described and comprised in the said New Mill District, and for carrying into Execution the several Powers, Purposes, and Trusts of this Act, so far as the same relate to that District.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the said Wadsley FirstMeeting and Langset District shall and may meet at the Angel Inn at Sheffield, or of Trustees, at some other convenient Place, on the Third Thursday next after the passing of this Act; the Trustees for the said Holmfirth District shall and may meet at the White Hart Inn at Holmfirth, or at some other convenient Place, on the Third Friday next after the passing of this Act; and the Trustees for the said New Mill District, shall and may meet at the Bull*s Head Inn at New Mill, or at some other convenient Place, on the Third Saturday next after the passing of this Act, and thence adjourn from Time to Time as they severally shall think proper; provided that the Meetings of the said several Trustees shall always be held at some Place within the Distance of Six Miles from some Part of the District of Road for which they shall respectively act.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Person hereby appointed, or Trustees to who shall hereafter be chosen or appointed a Trustee for any of the said be sworn. ° Districts, shall be qualified or capable of becoming and acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed

[Local.'] 19 A the

1658

4° GEORG11 IV. Cap. lxxvii

the Oath, or (being One of the People called Quakers) the Affirmation following, before any Two or more of the said several Trustees, who are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to administer the same, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ T do swear, [or, being One of the People called

‘ Quakers, do solemnly affirm,] That I will truly, faithfully, and im-

‘ partially act in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers reposed in me by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act ['here insert the Title

* of this Act.] So help me GOD.

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words £ So help me God.*]

And if any Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster : Provided always, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the Oath or Affirmation by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken and subscribed such Oath or Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

Maps and Books of Reference deposited with the Clerk of the Peace.

Power for

Persons to make Extracts therefrom at Prices affixed.

XI. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the said Two additional or extended Lines of Road intended to be made by virtue of this Act, and the Lands through which the same are proposed to be carried, together with a Book of Reference containing a List of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, hath been deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said West Riding: And whereas another Map or Plan varying the Course or Direction of the New Mill Line of Road from a Place called Smithy Place to the Termination thereof at or near Honley Bar, in the said Township of Honley, and describing the new Line of Road, and the Lands through which the same is intended to be carried, together with a Book of Reference containing a List of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, has been deposited in the Office of the said Clerk of the Peace; be it therefore enacted, That the said Maps or Plans and Books of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace of the said Riding for the Time being, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same respectively, and to take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, paying to such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and after the Rate of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts; and that the said respective Trustees and other Persons hereby authorized, shall not, in making, altering, or widening the said Roads, deviate more than One hundred Yards from the respective Lines described in the said first-mentioned Map or Plan, save as the same are varied or altered by the said second-mentioned Plan; and that the 6 said

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxvii.

said Trustees and other Persons hereby authorized shall not, in making, altering, or widening the Road comprised in the second-mentioned Plan, deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Line described therein, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviations shall be made respectively.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Trustees to make the said Two additional or extended Lines of Road comprised in this Act, into, through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is, or are, or may be Owner or Owners of Land, over which the same are severally set out and described in the said Maps or Plans as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be erroneously stated or omitted in the said Books of Relerence, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, and shall be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake; and it shall also be lawful for the said Trustees, for the Purposes aforesaid, to pull down, or take and lay into the said Roads, any Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments mentioned or comprised in the Schedule to this Act marked fA), making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the same, or for the Damage they may sustain thereby.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize or empower the said Trustees, in making, repairing, widening, and improving the said Roads, or either of them, to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Part thereof, or to take in or make use of any Curtilage, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Lawn, Shrubbery, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof fiTst had and obtained for that Purpose, save and except such as are mentioned or comprised in the Schedule to this Act marked (A.)

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the said Holmfirth and New Mill Districts respectively, shall build proper Walls, or plant Quickset Fences along the Sides of the Roads in such Districts respectively, of the Height of Four Feet at the least, as and for Fences to and for the Lands adjoining, except only where the same Roads or any Part thereof respectively shall or may pass over or through any Commons or Waste Grounds, or over or through Two certain Allotments called or known by the Name of the BordhillFlatt Allotments.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor, and other Officer and Officers (other than the Treasurer), nominated and appointed under and by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed, shall hold or enjoy their respective Offices and Employments until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees; and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and

Penalties,

1659

case ofMw-

Books of Reference.-

Trustees restrained from pulling down Houses.-

Fences to be made by Trustees on new Lines of Road.

Old Officers to continue until new ones ap-poiuted.

1660

Prohibiting the same Person from acting as Clerk and Treasurer.

Power for Trustees to appoint Officers,

and to allow Salaries.

Power for Trustees to continue

4° GEORGII IV. C«/).lxxvii.

Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations, in all respects whatsoever, as if he or they had been nominated or appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for each of the said Three several Districts respectively, at any of their Meetings, by Writing under their Hands, shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees for such respective Districts shall think necessary, and may from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Removal of any such Officer or Officers may appoint others in their stead; but Twenty-one Days previous Notice shall be given of every Meeting where any such Appointment shall be made, of the Intention of making such Appointment, as to the said Wadsley and Langset District, in some One of the Papers published at Sheffield aforesaid, and as to the said Holmfirth District and New Mill District respectively, in some One of the Newspapers published at Leeds; and the Trustees for each such District shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries, and make such Allowances to' such Officers, and also to other Persons employed, and who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in and about the carrying of this Act into Execution, as the Trustees for each such District shall think reasonable.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Frustees of the said Wadsley and Langset District, if they shall think proper, to continue all and every or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates and

Toll

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxvii.

Toll Houses now standing and being in and upon or across the said Road, or on the Sides thereof, in the same District, and also for the said Trustees of each of the said Three several Districts to erect, set up, and build, upon, in, and across the Roads in each of the same Districts respectively, or any Part thereof, or upon or across the Entrance to any public Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same, or any Part thereof, when, where, and as they shall judge necessary, subject to the Provision herein-after contained, any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Bar or Side Bars, Chain or Chains, Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, Toll House or Toll Houses, with Outbuildings and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Toll Gate or Weighing Machine, and to take in and inclose on the Sides of the Roads suitable Garden Spots for such, Toll House or Toll Houses, not exceeding One-eighth Part oi a Statute Acre each, as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to take down and remove, or to alter and discontinue the same, or any of them, as the said Trustees respectively shall think proper and direct or appoint.

XIX. Whereas the Inhabitants of Wads ley and other Places adjacent pass over the said Road in the Wadsley and Langset District, between the Commencement thereof in the said Township of Wadsley, and the Beginning of an ancient Highway there, leading to Wadsley, for the Space of not mote than Three hundred and ten Yards, and it is therefore proper that no Toll should be demanded or taken within those Limits; be it therefore enacted, That no Turnpike or 'Foil Gate, Side Bar, Gate or Chain, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act be erected within the Distance of Three hundred and ten Yards from the Commencement of the said Road in the said Wadsley and Langset District in the said Township of Wadsley.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for each respective District, from Time to Time, when and so often as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which may be in such District, and which shall have been erected in, upon, or across, or on the Sides of the Roads by this Act authorized to be repaired or made, or any of them, to be removed to and erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side of such other Part or Parts of the Road in the same District, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct j but none of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes shall be removed as aforesaid unless Twenty Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove the same shall have been affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected across the same Road, and inserted in some one Newspaper published at Sheffield aforesaid, as to the said Wadsley and Langset District, and at Leeds aforesaid, as to the said Holmfirth District and New Mill District respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, on the said Roads to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, [Local.] 19 B where

1661

present Toll Gates and erect others.

No Toll Gate to be erected within 310

Yards of the Commencement of the Wadsley and Langset District of Road.

remove Toll

Gates.

Power to sell Toll House*.

1662

Power to take Tolls.

Tolls.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxvii.

where they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same, and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last-recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Second Monday next after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the said Trustees of each District respectively, or any Person or Persons appointed or continued or to be appointed by virtue of this Act Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take the several Tolls following at the Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or Side Bars or Gates or Chains which are or shall be standing and being or continued or erected by virtue of this Act in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads respectively, or any Part thereof, subject to the Restrictions and Exemptions contained in and by the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, or any other Act of Parliament for amending or altering the same; (that is to say),

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Coach, Landau, Sociable, Chariot, Curricle, Calash, Hearse, Chaise, Phaeton, Whiskey, Gig, Chair, or Taxed Cart, or any other Carriage on Springs, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches at the Bottom or Soles thereof, the Sum of Threepence:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Four and a Half Inches, and less than Six Inches at the Bottom or Soles thereof, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Four and a Half Inches at the Bottom or Soles thereof, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Bull, Cow, Ox, Steer, Heifer, Calf, or other such Beast, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Hog, Pig, Goat, Sheep, or Lamb, the Sum of One Farthing.

6

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxvii.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject to the Payment of Toll more than Once in any one Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night) for passing and repassing with the same Horse or Horses, Beasts or Cattle, through the same Turnpike (except as herein-after mentioned), such Person or Persons producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll, and which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Payment of the Toll.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than Number of Three full Tolls in the whole shall be demanded or taken from any Per- Tolls hmited. son or Persons for passing and repassing the same Day with the same

Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages, through all the several Toll Qates or Turnpikes standing or to be erected by virtue of this Act in the said Wadsley and Langset District; and that no more than Two full Tolls shall in like manner be demanded or taken for passing and repassing the same Day through the several Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected in the said Holmfirth District; nor more than Two full Tolls for passing and repassing the same Day through the several Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected in the said New Mill District.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls Tolls on hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Stage other Cattle drawing any Stage Coach, Van, Caravan, or Stage Waggon, Coaches and or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay or ro!> ' >aises‘ Reward, every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads; and also for and in respect of all Horses or other Cattle drawing any Post Chaises and other Carriages travelling for Hire, for passing and repassing along the said Roads upon every Time of a new Hiring of such Post Chaises and other Carriages, on a Ticket being produced denoting a fresh Hiring.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and TableofTolls they are hereby required to put up or cause to be put up, and afterwards to be put up. to be continued, at every Toll Gate erected or continued by virtue of

this Act, a Table painted in distinct and legible Black Letters on a Board with a White Ground, containing at the Top thereof the Name of the Gate at which the same shall be put up, and also a List of all the Tolls payable at every such Gate, distinguishing the several Tolls, and the different Sorts of Carriages for which they are to be paid where there shall be any Variation therein, and also a List of the several Gates which shall be wholly or partially cleared by the Payment of Toll at the Toll Gate or Bar where such Table of Tolls shall be affixed; and the said Trustees shall also provide Tickets denoting the Payment of Toll, and on such several Tickets shall be specified the Name of the Gate at which the same respectively shall be delivered, and also the Names of the several Gates freed by such Payment, One of which Tickets shall be delivered gratis to the Person paying the Toll *, and on the Production of such Ticket at any Gate or Gates therein mentioned as being cleared as aforesaid by the Payment of the Toll at the Gate where such Ticket was delivered, the Person producing the same shall pass through the Gate or Gates therein mentioned without paying any further or additional Toll.

1663

Toll to be

paid but Once a Day at each Date.

4° GEORGII IV. C^.lxxvii.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Trustees acting in Execution of any Act passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament shall make any Turnpike Road which shall cross or pass along Part of the Holmfirth District of Road hereby intended to be made Turnpike at or near Holmfirth aforesaid, then the Expences of purchasing for that Purpose any Buildings, and of taking down or altering the same, and of otherwise improving such Part of the said Road, and relating thereto, shall be borne and defrayed by the Trustees of both Roads, in equal Shares; and the Trustees for executing this Act as to the Holmfirth District shall and they are hereby empowered and required to pay One Moiety of such Expences out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Trustees acting in Execution of any Act passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament shall make any Turnpike Road to join the New Mill District of Road hereby intended to be made from a Place called Ing Nook Lane End, at New Mill, in the Parish of Kirk Burton, and to pass about Five hundred and forty Yards, or thereabouts, along the same Line of Road, to a Place called Lidgit Lane End In the said Parish, then the Expence of making such Part of the said Road as lies between New Mill and Lidgit Lane End aforesaid, and of maintaining the same in repair, and relating thereto, shall be borne and defrayed by the Trustees of both Roads, in equal Proportions; and the Trustees acting in the Execution of this Act for the said New Mill District shall and they are hereby empowered and required to pay One Moiety of such Expences from Time to Time out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to erect or cause to be erected any Turnpike or Toll Gate, Bar or Chain, on the said Part of the said Road, nor to take any Toll thereon.

Application

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which have of the Money. arisen and been produced by virtue of the said recited Act hereby repealed, and are now remaining in the Hands of the said Trustees or their Treasurer, shall be applied for the Purposes of the Wadsley and Langset District only; and all Monies which shall arise and be produced from the Tolls by this Act granted, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act upon each of the said Districts, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following (that is to say), in the first place, in Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of preparing and passing this Act, in the Proportion and Manner herein-after mentioned; in the second place, in paying the Salaries and Wages of all Officers and other Persons employed by the Trustees in the Execution of this Act; in the third place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several Principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be due and owing on the several Mortgages and Securities of the Tolls granted by this Act; in the fourth place, in defraying the Expences of repairing, widening, and altering the said Roads, and of executing the several other Powers and Purposes of this Act; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging the several Principal Sums last aforesaid.

Expences of making the Hoad from New Mill to Lidgit Lane End to be borne equally by the Trustees of this Road and other Trustees, and no Toll to be

thereon.

1664

Expences of taking down Buildings at Holmfirth to be borne equally by the Trustees of this Road and other Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxvii. 1<>65

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees of the said Trustees of Wadsky and Langset District may and shall, if thereunto required, receive

in and cancel all or any Mortgages, Assignments, or Securities now trjct mav can standing out, made, or due by virtue of the said recited Act hereby rein and cancel pealed, and give and execute another or others for the respective Sums oJd Mortga-therein mentioned instead and in lieu thereof respectively. uewone?'rant

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are Statute or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable Labour, towards the repairing and amending the said Roads, shall be and remain liable thereto in like manner in every respect as they now are or have heretofore been; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Justices to Peace in and for the said West Riding of the County of York, and they are apportion hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the g^tghe Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor of the said Road, yearly to adjudge and Labour, and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year Payment of be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Composition Townships, and Places in or through which the said Roads do or shall lie, MoneJ'-lead, or pass, and aiso what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the High ways of every such Parish, Township, or Place,

in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in a List before the said Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid j which List of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways j and out of such List the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Part of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Townships, and Places respectively to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid after Notice in.

Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her,

[Local.'] 19 C or

1:666

4° GEORGII IV. Ciprp.lxxyu.

or then), be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Lay) or Statute now in force or effect for Repairs of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shpll be sent with any Team or Draught to work on any Part of the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle and negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in cape the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of Turk, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature of Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paiJ by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case fh? Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied apd recovered by Distress anil Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested ip the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of bearing and determining the Matter in dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Safe, then and in such case such Overplus shall be returned pp Demand to 8 the

In case of Nonpayment of Compcn-

Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such

m

4? GEORG11 IV. Cap. lxxvii.

the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to reiain out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this A^t, all such Sums, Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he shall pay or be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Fees and Disburse- Jixpences of ments, Cosjts and Expences, attending the obtaining and passing of this obtaining Act, and making the Surveys, Plans; and Estimates preparatory thereto,

and all other Expences relating to the same, together with full lawful Interest for the Money from Time to Time advanced, from the Time of the Advancement until Payment, snail be paid in the Proportions and Manner following; that is to say, as to One-third Part thereof, out of the Monies now in the Hands of the said Trustees or their Treasurer or out of the first Monies that shall be collected or received by virtue of this Act in the said IVadsley and’ Langset District; as to One-third Part thereof, out of the Monies subscribed and first received by the said Trustees on account of the said Holmfirth District; and as to One-third Part thereof, out of the Monies subscribed and first received by the said Trustees on account of the said New Mill District.

[Public Act.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commence-on the Second Tuesday next after the same shall receive the Royal Assent, ,nent.and and shall continue in force for Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE

1668

4° GEORGII IV. Cflp.lxxvii.

SCHEDULE (A.)

The Schedule to which the foregoing Act refers.

OWNER. OCCUPIER. DESCRIPTION OF PREMISES.

Holmfirth District.

Abel Tinker Uriah Tinker .} John Hinchliffe A small Tenement

Abel Tinker Uriah Tinker .} Joseph Bottomley f A Messuage with a Wash-t. house and Garden.

Mary Hincliliffe - Benjamin Woodhead Shoemaker’s Shop.

Hannah Dickinson - Herself - Butcher’s Shop.

Andrew Sanderson James Brook ■} Themselves A small Dye-house.

Thomas Bedford - Joseph Holmes Garden.

George Haigh Himself - Yard.

George Gartside - Himself - Curtilage, called Mill Hill.

New Mill District.

Earl of Dartmouth - Abraham Helliwell A small Dye-house.

George Broadhead - Himself - Garden.

John Littlewood Himself - Garden.

George Charlesworth James Hinchcliffe Garden.

James Marshall - Charles Trotter A Paddock.

Jonas Hobson - Himself - A Paddock called Bridge Royd.

LONDON: Printed by George Eire and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the First, Twenty-first, and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helston, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and widen- 1 G. 3. c. 32. ing the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helston, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge, several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable, and divers Powers and Authorities were given for amending and widening the said Road, and for putting the said Act into Execution; which said Act was to have Continuance from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hun-[LocaL~\ 19 D dred

1670 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxviii.

dred and sixty-one, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and 21 G. 3. c. 78. from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said recited Act for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the 42G. 3. C. 10. End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said recited Acts for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled I 3G. 4. c. 126. An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the same into Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which still remain due, and which cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be properly amended or kept in repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged and the Tolls increased: And whereas it is desirable that the said Acts, passed in the First, Twenty-first, and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third should be repealed, and that such further Powers and Provisions as are herein-after mentioned should be granted and made for the better Repair and Management of the said Road : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 9 and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Three first of the same, That the said recited Acts passed in the First, Twenty-first, recited Acts and Forty-second Years of the Reign of King George the Third, shall be repealed. and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof this Act shall be put into Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and keeping in repair the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helstont and Mara-zion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet Westward of the said River and Bridge; and this Act and the additional Term herein-after granted shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said former Acts or either of them, or hereafter to be borrowed or become due on the Credit of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same respectively.

3G.4.C. 126.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the to extend to Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the 1 1S ct' Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

Trustees. HI. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being acting for the County of Cornwall, together with Sir John Saint Aubin Baronet, John Borlase, Samuel Borlase9 Thomas i o Bolitbot

r

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxviii. 1671

Bolithc, William Bolitho, Henry Borlase, George Simon Borlase, John Borlase,

John Batten, William Baker the younger, James Bull, Boase, Thomas

C/utterbuck, Henry Comyn Clerk, William Cornish, Samuel Cole D.D.

Thomas Daniel, John Dunston, John Samuel Enys, Richard Edwards, George Croker Fox, Alfred Fox, Robert Were Fox, Charles Fox, Thomas Fox, Richard Gerveys Grylls, Richard Gerveys Gry/ls the younger, Clerk, Humphrey Millett Grylls, G/ywz Gry/Zr, Pascoe Grenfell, Sir Christopher Hawkins Baronet, Isaac Head, John Francis Howell Clerk, Joseph Hocken, Joseph Hawkey, Oliver Hill, William Robinson Hill, Richard Hill, George John,

Stephen James Johns, William Johns, Horace Mann Clerk, Charles Lemon,

Robert Davey Michell, Leonard Millett, Matthew Paul Moyle, John Jones Pearce, Richard Pellowe, Francis Pender, James Pascoe Clerk, Jonathan Passingham, Edward William Wynn Pendarves, James Plower, John Rogers,

John Rogers junior. Clerk, Hugh Rogers Clerk, William Pender Roberts,

William Richards, Thomas Rogers, Pearse Rogers, Joseph Roberts, Philip Vyvyan Robinson, William Sandys, Samuel Spivy Street, James Sellick, Hannibal Sandys, Thomas Stabback Clerk, John Stona, John Stona the younger,

Samuel Tregalias, Thomas Trevethan Clerk, John Trevenen, John Treve-nen junior. Clerk, James Trevenen, William Trevenen, George Treevecke Clerk, John Tremenheere, Robert Michael Nowell Usticke Clerk, John Vivian,

Sir Richard Rawlinson Vyvyan Baronet, Vyell Vyvyan, Humphrey Willyams Clerk, Thomas Wills Clerk, Christopher Wallis, Thomas Warren, William Paul Williams, John Williams, and their Successors, to be elected in manner directed by the said recited Act, and being qualified as in the said Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, shall be Trustees for putting the said recited Act and this Act in Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be appoint held pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act passed in the Third additional Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to elect, nominate, and appoint Trustees* any Number of fit and proper Persons not exceeding Five, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person hereby appointed, or Trustees to who shall hereafter be chosen or appointed a Trustee, shall be qualified take an Oath, or capable of becoming and acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath or (being one of the People called Quakers) the Affirmation following, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

jj do swear, {or, being One of the People called Quakers,

‘ do solemnly affirm]], That I will truly, faithfully, and impartially act ‘ in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers reposed in me by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George 4 ^e Fourth, intituled An Act {here insert the Title of this Act].

'So help me GOD.*

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words ‘ So help me God/]

Provided always, That if any Person not having taken and subscribed the Oath, or, being a Quaker, not having made and subscribed the Affirmation

1672

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxviii.

mation herein-before mentioned, shall nevertheless act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, or the said Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person had acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; provided nevertheless, that no Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, or receiving Interest thereout for the same, shall on that account only be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; any thing in the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

First Meet-

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for executing this ing of and the said last recited Act, or any Three or more of them, shall meet

Trustees. together at the Guildhall, or at some other convenient Place in the

Borough of Helston aforesaid, on the Fifth Monday after the passing of this Act, or so soon after as conveniently may be, and proceed to the Execution of this and the said last recited Act; and shall then and from Time to Time after adjourn to and meet again at such Time and at such Place or Places within the Borough of Helston aforesaid, as they or the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings shall think proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to hold a Meeting for the Purpose of putting this Act into Execution at the Guildhall of the said Borough of Penryn, or some other convenient Place within the said Borough, on the Second Tuesday in the Month of August in every Year, in addition to all other Meetings held elsewhere for that Purpose, of which due Notice shall be given in the provincial Paper of the said County of Cornwall, by the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being.

Annual Meeting of Trustees at

Trustees to

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Three appoint or more of them, at any of their Meetings, shall and may from Time to Officers, &c. Time appoint a Clerk and also a Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Officer or Officers may appoint another or others in his or their Stead; and Fourteen Days Notice shall be published on all the Turnpike Gates standing or being across the said Road of every Meeting where any such Appointment shall be intended to be made after the First Meeting of the said Trustees, specifying the Intention of appointing any such Officer or Officers; and the said Trustees shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries

and

1673

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxviii.

and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed, or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in and about the carrying this and the said last recited Act into Execution, and also all such Costs and reasonable Sums as they the said Trustees or any of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers by them appointed, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall have been at or put unto, or shall have expended in the due Execution of this Act and the said last recited Act, and of the Powers and Authorities given or granted thereby, or in defending or prosecuting any Action or Suit, Indictment or Indictments, Information or other Proceeding whatsoever for or on account thereof, or for or concerning any Matter or Thing whatsoever which he or they shall have done or ordered to be done in the due Execution thereof, or in or about the Prosecution of any Person or Persons whomsoever for any Matter or Thing whatsoever which such Person or Persons shall have done in contravention of or contrary to this or the said last recited Act, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable, and to order and direct their Treasurer or Treasurers to pay and defray the same respectively out of any Money in his or their Hands arising from the Tolls hereby granted : Provided always, that the Clerk,

Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, save and except the Treasurer, who have been appointed under and by virtue of the said Three first recited Acts hereby repealed, shall respectively continue to hold and exercise such their several and respective Offices and Employments until they shall respectively be removed therefrom by the said Trustees for executing this and the said last recited Act, or resign the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Power to and after the passing of this Act, for the Space of Twelve Years thence raise Toll*, next ensuing, or such shorter Period within which the Debt remaining due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls shall be reduced to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, the several Tolls herein-after mentioned shall be demanded and taken at any Toll Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, before any Horse, Ox, or other Beast or Cattle, or any Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the same;

(that is to say).

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Coach, To,ls-Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Calash, Chair, Caravan,

Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Butt, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Burden, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Seven-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number.

And from and after the Expiration of the said Term of Twelve Years, or such shorter Period within which the said Debt remaining due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls shall be reduced to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, the several Tolls herein-after mentioned shall [Local.’] 19 E be

1674 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxviii.

be demanded and taken at any Toll Gate or Turnpike so to be erected by virtue of this Act, before any Horse, Ox, or other Beast or Cattle, or any Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the same:

Tolls. For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Coach, Chariot,

Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Butt, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Burden, laden or not laden, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number.

Limitation X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no more than One Toll

of Toll. shall be paid for and in respect of the same Horse or other Beast for

passing and repassing on the same Day through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes J:o be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, upon the whole Length of the said Road as is situate between the said Town of Falmouth and the said Borough of Helston only, and no more; and no more than One Toll shall be paid for and in respect of the same Horse or other Beast passing and repassing on the same Day through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be continued or erected between the said Borough of Helston, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of Marazion River and Bridge.

Power to sell

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Toll Houses. Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses, Building or Buildings, heretofore purchased, erected, or intended for the Purpose of a Toll House or Toll Houses by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed or any of them, or hereafter to be purchased or erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand (except the same shall have been erected on any Highway, or on any Common or commonable Fields), with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, which shall be considered by the said Trustees as useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same, and to convey, assign, and surrender the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, according to the Nature and Tenure of the Estate by which the same may be holden; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, according to the Nature and Tenure thereof, discharged from all Trusts and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be answerable for the Application or Misapplication of his, her, or their Purchase Money : Provided always, that such Preference of Purchase shall be given to the Person or Persons from whom any Land on which any Toll Houses may have been erected was purchased, leased, or taken in exchange, or to the Person or Persons io whose

1675

4° GEORGII IV. CajtJ.lxxviii.

whose Land shall adjoin thereto, as is by the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Act is or are authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, if they shall think proper, to continue all and every or any of erect and the Turnpikes or Toll Gates and Toll Houses, and Side Gates and Side ^"°vkes Bars now standing and being in and upon or across the said Road, or to Tou Gates discontinue the same or either of them, and alter the Situation, and to Side Gates, erect, set up, or build, or cause to be erected, set up, or built, upon, in, or Weighing across the said Road or any Part thereof, or at the Entrance of any Road ^ch,nes» or Lane that doth or shall lead into or out of the said Road, when and as

they shall judge necessary, any Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines,

Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Gate or Side Gates, Bar or Bars,

Chain or Chains, and also one or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with Outbuildings and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Toil Gate or Weighing Machine, and to take and inclose on the Sides of the said Road suitable Garden Spots for such Toll House or Toll Houses, not exceeding One-eighth Part of an Acre each, with such Lamp or Number of Lamps at or near the said Toll House or Toll Houses as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to take down and remove or again to put up in a different Situation, or to alter and discontinue the same or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and direct or appoint.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby Stage made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of p^hatses Draught drawing any Stage Coach for every Time of passing and re- to piiy every passing along the said Road on the same Day; and the Tolls hereby Time of made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of passing. Draught drawing any Post Chaise or other such like Carriage let out to

Hire for every Time of passing along the said Road, whenever any new Hiring thereof shall be made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or statute shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards Labour, the repairing and amending the said Road, shall be and remain liable thereto in like Manner in every respect as they now are or have heretofore been; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Corrwall, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the Treasurer,

Clerk, or Surveyor of the said Road, yearly to adjudge and determine

what Part or Portion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places in or through which the said Road shall lie, lead, or pass, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, to bring in a List before the said Justices at

* some

1676

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxviii.

some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees or the Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force or effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on any Part of the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Cornwall, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxviii. 1677

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not ,9^"^ be lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner same person.

of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ

of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer or the Partner

of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the

Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such

Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such

Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer

shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer

shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees

other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person

or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of

Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action

of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no

Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance

shall be allowed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as In case of often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be Nonpayment paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of the Directions

of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Materials, Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for Damages, or any Material, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind Injury done whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of the same to Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties en- be levied by titled to receive the same within Five Days after Demand in Writing shall ^stress of have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the testecUi^the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Di- Trustees or rection or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case their Trea-the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied 8Urer-and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages,

Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid j and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act and this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

[Xocfl/.] 19 F XVII. And

1678 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxviii.

Books used

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books under former containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing Acts to be tjjC recited Acts, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, and Securities made or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with any of the said Trustees for executing the said Three recited Acts, shall remain in full force and effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law, until the same are fully satisfied and performed; and all Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, and Securities duly made and entered into by the said Trustees for executing the said Three first recited Acts hereby repealed, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full force and effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees for executing this Act, and be observed and kept by them, according to the Terms, Stipulations, and Tenor thereof.

Bonds and Securities under former Acts to be in force until satisfied and paid.

For paying

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences E-xPnces of incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be 1 e ct' paid out of any Money now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees, or out of the first Money to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever; except such Payments as shall be made from Time to Time for the Repair and Maintenance of the said Road.

[Public Act.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

Term and

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Ef°"t,n"aiIce and take effect from the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in 0 tie ct* force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

An Act for better and more effectually improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and 43G. 3. C. 11I*

keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge. near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton : And whereas it was by the said recited Act enacted, that the said Road should from thenceforth be divided into and be Two separate Districts; and that the Road leading from the End of Surton otherwise Surbiton Street, near the River Thames, at the West End of the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames aforesaid, through the Towns of Esher, Cobham, Ripleyy and Guildford, to a certain Watercourse on the Pease Marshy at the East End of the Parish of Godalming in the said County of Surrey, should be and was thereby declared to be One of such Districts, and to be called the "Upper District and that the Road leading from the said Watercourse on the said Pease Marshy

Cap. lxxix.

[30th May 1823.]

lLocal.~]

19 G

through

1682

4" GEORGII IV. C^.lxxix.

through the Town of Godalming, Milford Street, in the Parish of Wit ley and the Parish of Thursley, over Hindhead Heath in the said County of Surrey, and through Liphook in the said County of Southampton, and Rake in the County of Sussex, to a Place called Sheet bridge, near the Town of Petersfield, in the said County of Southampton, should be and was thereby declared to form the other of such Districts, and to be called the " Lower DistrictAnd whereas the public Carriage Road leading from the House known by the Sign of the King's Arms, situate at the West End of a certain Street called Norbiton Street, at the Entrance into the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames aforesaid, passing by the House of Correction in the said Town of Kingston-upon- Thames, and ending at Surton, otherwise Surbiton Street, near the River Thames, at the West End of the said Town of Kingston-upon-Thames, (at which Place the present Turnpike Road commences) communicates with the said Turnpike Road; and it is desirable that such public Carriage Road should be made Part of the Upper District of the said Road, and be put under the Management of the Trustees for such District: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, 3G.4. c. 126. intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said first recited Act for the said Upper and Lower Districts of Road have proceeded to put the same into Execution; and several considerable Sums of Money have from Time to Time been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, and now remain due with an Arrear of Interest, which Monies cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said first recited Act be continued, some of the Tolls varied and altered, and further Powers granted : And whereas it is expedient that the Road leading frorti the King's Arms Inn in the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames, through the Towns, Villages, or Places of Esher and Cobham, to a certain Bridge at the North-east End of the Village of Ripley in the County of Surrey, should become and he the Upper District of the said Road, and that that Part of the Road leading from the said Bridge at the North-east End of the said Village of Ripley, through the Towns, Villages, or Places of Ripley, Guild• ford, Godalming, Milford Street, in the Parish of Witley and the Parish of Thursley, over Hindhead Heath in the said County of Surrey, and through Liphook in the said County of Southampton, and Rake in the County of Sussex, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near the Town of Petersfield, in the said County of Southampton, should become and be the Lower District of the said Road, instead of the said Districts heretofore subsisting : And whereas it would be more convenient and of public Utility that the Tolls hereafter to be raised upon the Upper District of the said Road should be wholly paid to and received by a Treasurer to be appointed for that District, and that the Tolls to arise from the Lower District of the said Road should be wholly paid to and received by a Treasurer to be appointed for that District, and that One-half Part of the Interest of the present Debt upon the Tolls arising upon the Road from Kingston-upon-Thames to Sheetbridge aforesaid, should be paid out of the Tolls to arise from the Upper District, and that One-half Part of such Interest should be paid out of the Tolls to arise from the Lower District of the said Road, and that separate Clerks, Treasurers, and other Officers should be appointed for each District, and that each District should be abso-

1683

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxix.

lufely independent of each other, except as herein-after is mentioned; bat the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of October next after First recited the passing of this Act, the said first recited Act shall be and the same Ac* rPta'ed» is hereby declared to be repealed, and instead thereof this Act shall be JJbepiiUB put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for force.P the Purpose of more effectually repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Turnpike Road $ which said Road shall from thenceforth be divided into and be Two separate Districts, and that the Road leading from the King's Arms Inn in the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames aforesaid, through the Towns, Villages, or Places of Esher and Cobham, to a certain Bridge at the North-east End of the Village of Ripley in the County of Surrey, shall be and is hereby declared to be One of such Districts, and shall be called the " Upper District and that the Road leading from the said Bridge, at the North-east End of the Village of Ripley aforesaid, through the Towns, Villages, or Places of Ripley, Guildford, Godalming, Milford Street, in the Parish of Wit ley and the Parish of Thursley, over Hindbead Heath in the said County of Surrey, and through Liphook in the said County of Southampton, and Rake in the County of Sussex, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near the Town of Petersfield in the said County of Southampton, shall be and is hereby declared to form the other of such Districts, and shall be called the " Lower DistrictProvided always, that the repealing hereby of the said first recited Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to revive either of the Acts repealed by the said first recited Act, but such Acts shall be and continue repealed in such and the like Manner as if this Act had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the Powers of Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, 3G.4. c. 126. and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfet- fended to tures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, save 1 13 ct> and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees ap-

Peace acting for the County of Surrey, together with William Anderson, pointed for the Reverend Christopher UOyley Aptin, John A rewater, James Attfieldj Upper

Osborn Bar well, John Balchim, Samuel Belchier, David Bail lie. Sir George lstnct* Henry Frederick Berkeley, the Honourable Henry Grey Bemet, Richard

Bonsey junior, Sir John Delves Broughton Baronet, the Reverend Brian Broughton, Henry Boulton, Charles Brooke, Charles Brown, James Carter,

Harvey Coombe, Lewis Corkran, William Collins, Thomas Crawter, Thomas Crawler junior, James Hewitt, Massey Dawson, James Dewdney, William Dewdney, William Joseph Denison, William Disney, John Dyke, Thomas Dyke, John Earl, George Edmunds, Richard Edmunds, the Right Honourable Ix>rd Fitzgerald, Colonel John Frederick, John Flinn, Sir John Frederick,

1684

Trustees appointed for the Lower District.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxix.

dcrick, William French, John Gar ratty Bartholomew Gibson, Henry Gosse, Thomas Hamborough, Anthony Harden, Ardern Hulme, Joseph James, Charles Jemmett, Charles Edward Jemmett, Charles Blaney Murray Johnston, John Jolly, William Henry Kempster, Edward Kent, John King of Kingston, Henry Knight, Admiral Robert Lamberty Arthur Lambert, Thomas Langley, William Mac hell, William Greening Martin, William Mercer, Samuel Nicholson, Thomas Page, the Honourable Berkeley Paget, William P amp hi Ion, Charles Pepper, William Pepper, Edward Peppin, Charles Thomas Phillips, Thomas Piper, William Ranyard, Alexander Raphael, Francis Robertson, William Roots, Peter Nathan Roberts, William Shrub sole, John Skyram, Robert Sinclair, John Smallpeice of Kingston, John Smith of Kingston, John Smith of Thames Ditton, William Speer, John Spicer, Joseph Stedman, John Sudlow, Sir Charles Sullivan, John Sykes, Henry Swann, Charles White Taylor, Thomas Taylor, Joseph Taylor, William Taylor, Robert Taylor, Henry Taylor, Christopher Terry, Samuel Thornton, William Turner of Lower Green, William Turner of East Moulsey, Samuel Urguhart, Alexander Urquhart, the Reverend Phillip Vaillant, William Wadbrook, William Walter, William Walton, William Walton the younger, the Reverend Charles Weston, Edward White, Sir Thomas Williams, Rowland Edward Williams, David Willis, William Woodland, Alexander Wyllie, and John Woods, and their Successors, shall be and are hereby appointed the Trustees with respect to the said Upper District; and that all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton, together with Samuel Andrews the younger, James Arnold, Henry Clifton Atkinson, James Arnold, Henry Edmund Austen, James Baker, John Baker of Wokeing, George Barrett, Thomas Bicknell, Thomas Bonham, Charles Booker, Robert Boughton, Robert Boughton junior, Humphry Bowles, William Bragge, William Bray, the Honourable John Broderick, Richard Henry Budd, James Butler, John Butler, the Reverend John Flutter Chandler, George Chandler, John Coleman, George Coleman, Major Harry Court, the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Cranley, John Chase, James Crooke, John Daws, Robert Daws, James Bogle Delap, Thomas Drewitt, Henry Drummond, Edmund Elkins, William Elkins, the Reverend Lawrence William Eliot, William Evershed junior, Robert Devereaux Fancourt, Sir Henry Feat her stonehaugh Baronet, Benjamin Kington Finnimore, George Foster, James Henry Frankland, John French, the Reverend Edward Fulham, John Gardner,

Gates, Nathaniel Godbold, Samuel Godbold, Thomas Gooch, Henry Grant, John Hall Grinham, John Grinham, James Grinham, Charles Greetham, Henry William Richard Westgarth Halsey, Edward Harbroe, George Charman Haines, Samuel Haines, Sir Charles Hamilton Baronet, John Hawkins, Edmund Knapp Harland, Richard Haydon, William Haydon, Thomas Haydon, Joseph Haydon, Richard Harrison, Joseph Hockley, Henry Holland, William Holland, Moses Hoper, Thomas Hudson, Edward Jackson, William Paxton Jarvis, James Joyce, William Keene, Kent, Richard

Kidd, Benjamin Kidd, Daniel Knight, John Knowles, James Weller Lad-broke, William Lee, Lawrence Lee, Anthony Lee, John Leech, Edward Leech, Edward Bees ton Long, James Mangles, Robert Marshall, George Marshall, Henry Marshall, John Martyr, John Mellersh, Thomas Mellersh, Charles Mitford, William Mitford, Robert Moline, Benjamin Moline, Robert Moline the younger, John Nealds, John Neale, William New land, George Newman, George Chappie Norton, George Norton, George Oliver, the Honourable Thomas Cranley Onslow, the Honourable Edward Main-

waring

4° GEORGII TV! Cop.lxxix. l(iH5

waring Onslow, Arthur Onslow Serjeant at Law, the Reverend George IValton Onslow, the Reverend Arthur Onslow, William Padwick the younger, the Reverend James Parson, William Parson, Charles Parson,

Edward Patrick, William Stephen Poyntz, the Reverend Doctor Price,

Robert Prickett, Aldborough Richardson, the Reverend William Roberts,

John Roker, Gabriel Ryde, William Sadler, John Sargent, John Sharp,

John Peyto Shrubb, George James Shrubb, the Reverend Charles Shrubb, the Reverend Henry Shrubb, Thomas Sibthorpe, Francis Skurray, Francis Skurray junior, John Smallpeice of Guildford, George Smallpetce, George Smal/peice junior, Job Smallpeice, Richard Smith, Richard Smyth, Richard Sparks of Stoke, William Sparks, Lord Robert Spencer, Richard Stednian,

James Stedman, John Stilwell, George Stovell, William Street, George Holme Sumner, William Holme Sumner, Charles Vernon Holme Sumner, Richard Sumner, Charles William Taylor, John Taylor, James Tickner, John Tickner,

Henry Hare Townsend, Chauncey Hare Townsend, Trimmer of

Pasfield, William Tringham, Hutchers Trower, Lord Tumour, Samuel Twy-ford, Thomas Vanned, George Waugh, James Weale, John Weale, the Reverend James Weller, John Webb Weston, John Webb Weston the younger, Robert Whitburn, Charles Whit bourn, Frederick Wink worth,

Arthur Winkworth, William Winkworth, Henry Woods, John Woods, Caleb Woodyer, Samuel Wrightson, and George Wyndham, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees with resp:ct to the said Lower District, for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Turnpike Road, leading from the Town of Kingston-upon Thames in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet-bridge, near Petersfield in the County of Southampton, and for carrying into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, in their respective Districts, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which Meeting and of the Purpose thereof Fourteen Days teesa rU:>' Notice shall be given as is directed by the said last recited Act respecting the Appointment of Trustees on Vacancies), to elect, nominate, and

appoint any Number of fit Persons, not exceeding Three for each District, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act in the said respective Districts, in Addition to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed; and such Trustees so elected and appointed shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said last recited Act and this Act, in their said respective Districts, as if they had been named and appointed by this Act.

V. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Trustees w; be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, he sworn, unless he shall be qualified and take the Oath in such Manner as in and

by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed and prescribed, and unless, (being so qualified), he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, and the Oath hereinafter mentioned), take and subscribe, before One or more of the said ‘ \hotdK] 19 H Trustees

1686

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxix.

Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath following; that is to say,

‘ T do swear, That I will truly and impartially,

* according to the best of my Judgment, execute and perform the 6 several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by ‘ virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty £ King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of

* this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of

‘ His said Majesty, intituled [fere set forth the Title of the General Turn-6 pike Act.] So help me GOD.*

And if any Person shall act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the said Upper District shall meet at the Bear Inn, or some other convenient Place at Esher aforesaid, on the Seventh Day of October next, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall then proceed to carry the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act into Execution, with respect to the said Upper District; and that the said Trustees for the said Lower District shall meet at the Council Chamber, or some other convenient Place at Guildford aforesaid, on the Seventh Day of October next, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall then proceed to carry the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act into Execution, with respect to the said Lower District; and that all Meetings of the Trustees of the said Upper District shall be held alternately at Esher and Cobh am; and that all Meetings of the Trustees of the said Lower District shall be held alternately at Guildford and Godalming; and that* such Meetings shall from Time to Time be adjourned to and held at any Place or Places within the said respective Towns, Villages, or Places of Esher and Cobham, and Guildford and Godalming, as the said respective Trustees shall from Time to Time direct.

Public Notice

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Notice is by of Meetings. Act directed to be given of any Meeting of the said respective Trus-° te^s, or of any thing to be done by them or any of them in Execution of 8 any

First and other Meet-

Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxix. 1687

any of the Powers hereby granted at such Meeting, such Notice shall be signed by the Clerk, or any Two or more of the Trustees of each respective District; and as respects the said Upper District, affixed upon a conspicuous Part of the Outside of the Market House of the Town of Kingston, and of the Turnpike Gates of such District, or otherwise inserted in some public Newspaper which shall then be circulated in the County of Surrey; and that as Tespects the Lower District, affixed upon a conspicuous Part of the Outside of the Town Hall of Guildford, the Market House of Godalming, and on the Turnpike Gates of that District, or otherwise inserted in some public Newspaper which shall be then circulated in the County of Surrey, at least Fourteen Days before the intended Meeting for the doing of such Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees in their said Appointing respective Districts may and they are hereby empowered by Writing under their Hands to appoint such Collector or Collectors of the Tolls arising aanes’ c' on the Road within their respective Districts, and Clerk or Clerks,

Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the Road within their respective Districts, and such other Officers as the said respective Trustees shall think necessary, and such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers,

Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove, and on Removal, Death, or Resignation of any such Collectors,

Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, or other Officers, to appoint others in their Stead; and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any of the Monies arising by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, within their respective Districts, to allow and pay to the several Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting them or any of them in or about the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act within their respective Districts, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Services, as the said respective Trustees shall deem reasonable.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Clerk, Sur- Former veyors, and all other Officers (except the Treasurer), who have been ap- Officers 10 pointed under and employed in the Execution of the said former Act c°ntin«e-hereby repealed, shall respectively continue to exercise their Offices under this Act for the said Lower District, until they shall respectively die, resign, or be displaced, or be removed by the said Trustees for the said Lower District, or be incapable of executing them, and shall be subject to the like Rules and Regulations, and Pains and Penalties, in all respects whatsoever, as if they had been appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or have been liouks, &c. employed, or who have received any Tolls or other Money on account relative to of the said Road, or who have or shall have in their Custody or Posses- for"er sion any Money, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things !°redtot'he relating to the Road by this Act directed to be improved and repaired, Trustees un-shall account for and pay and deliver over the same and every Part der this Act. thereof to the respective Trustees in and by this Act named and appointed, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as the several Collectors

and

1688

Books used under former Acts to be Evidence.

Bonds and Securities entered into under the

to remain in force until satisfied and

Trustees to

continue

Turnpikes.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxix.

and other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of this Act, are by th-e said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act required to pay or account for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said recited Act hereby repealed, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Act had not been repealed.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees of either of the said Districts to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such 'Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person, being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer, shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, and Securities made or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with any of the said Trustees for executing the said first recited Act, shall remain in lull Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law until the same are fully satisfied and performed; and all Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, and Securities, duly made and entered into by the Trustees for executing the said first recited Act hereby repealed, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees for executing this Act, and be observed and kept by them according to the Terms, Stipulations, and Tenor thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees in their respective Districts shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to continue all the Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses now erected upon, across, or near the Sides of the said Road within each respective District, and also to erect such other Gates, Turnpikes, and 'Toll Houses upon or across or on the Sides of the said Road, and also 10 remove and discontinue the said Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses,

or

1689

4° GEORGII IV. Ca/>.lxxix.

or any of them, and from Time to Time to erect another or others in the Place or Stead thereof, as to them shall seem right and proper; and also to continue on the Sides of the said Road a Railing on the Southern Side of the said Road, from the Gate erected and set up at Sandown Farm to a Place called Hitchener’s Corner, and a Side Gate or Toll Bar in the said Railing near to the said Hitchener’s Corner, and also a Side Gate or Toll Bar on Cattshill Lane, Care being taken by the Trustees of the said Upper District that the Intercommonage upon the Common there called Ditton Marsh, otherwise Weston Common, be not interrupted by such Railing, the said Railing being only One Rail to the Posts, and that of Height sufficient for Sheep to pass under, and that a Bar of not less than Six Feet in Length be left open at each End of the said Railing for the Passage of large Cattle; and also to cause to be erected and set up such Number of Toll Houses with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniences thereto, and to inclose such Gardens for the said Toll Houses as they may think fit, the whole Scite of each Toll House and Garden not to exceed One Quarter of an Acre; and to erect One or more Weighing Engine or Weighing Engines upon the said Road, as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to cause any such Weighing Engine or Weighing Engines to be taken down, altered, or removed, as they shall judge proper.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to sell Trustees in their respective Districts absolutely to sell and dispose of any JVJ?01 Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Act hereby 0 ouses* repealed on the said Road, to be improved and repaired by virtue of

this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said respective Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to respective Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by virtue uke Toll*, of this Act Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take

the several Tolls following at the Toll Gates or Toll Bars, or Toll [Lflffl/.] J9 / Gate

1690

Tolls.

Tolls to be paid before Cattle pass the Gates.

Tolls to be vested in Trustees.

Tolls to be paid but Once a Day.

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxix.

Gate or Toll Bar, or Side Gate or Side Bar already erected by virtue of the said first recited Act upon the said Road to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and which by virtue of this Act shall be continued or erected in, upon, or across any Part of the said Road, and across or on the Side of any Lane, Road, or Way leading into or out of any Part of the said Road within their respective Districts, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Curricle, Chariot, Chaise, Calash, Hearse, Caravan, Chair, or such like Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels whereof are of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels whereof are of less Breath than Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number : And,

For every Drove of Hogs or Pigs, Calves, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number.

And the said respective Tolls shall (subject to the Restrictions in the said last recited Act and this Act contained) be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, or other Beast, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, be permitted to pass through any Toll Gate erected or to be erected or continued upon the said Road by virtue of this Act, or in, upon, or across any Lane, Street, or Way leading into the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Tolls by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act authorized to be taken within the respective Districts, shall be vested in the said respective Trustees for the said respective Districts, and the same and every Part thereof shall be levied, collected, paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned in manner directed by the said last mentioned Act and this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall pay the respective Tolls herein-before mentioned and by this Act granted and made payable for the passing of any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, at any of the Gates or Turnpikes to be continued or erected on either of the said respective Districts, then upon producing a Note or Ticket of the Day denoting such Payment, he or they shall be permitted to return and repass with the same Horse, Mare, Beast, or other Cattle, at any Time or Times, as often as he or they shall think proper during the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock of the Night

9 to

1691

4" GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxxix.

to Twelve of the Clock of the next Night), Toll-free, through the same Gate or Turnpike; which said respective Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the said Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the Tolls.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no more than Two full Tolls No more than shall be taken upon the said Upper District of Road, nor more than Five TwofullToIls full Tolls shall be taken upon the said Lower District of Road, for the same Horses, Beasts, Cattle, and Carriage passing through all or any of Five on the the Toll Gates erected or to be erected across or on the Sides of the said Lower Dis-Road within the said respective Districts in any one Day, such Day to trit be be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the OneDay?ny Clock in the next succeeding Night.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and in Stage respect of all Horses drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Coaches, &c. Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and passing, which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through each Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat; and that the Toll hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Road on the same Day, with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Chalk and Lime passing Chalk and through any of the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars on the said Road, shall Lim* exempt be and the same is hereby exempted from the Payment of any Toll, pro- from ToU* vided the same be used only for Manure.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Autho- Trustees re-rities hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to strained from empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Pu^ll"gdowu Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Housed Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to without Con-a House, or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery sent of the for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in °wners* Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained for that Purpose.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall Application arise and be produced by or from the Tolls in the District from Kingston ?f the M°ney to the said Bridge at the North-east End of the Village of Ripley afore- district PP*r said, called the Upper District, by this Act granted or made payable, together with the Monies which shall be hereafter borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the same District, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, so far as relates to the Upper District, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the Trustees for the Time being of the said last mentioned District, and applied to and for the several Uses, Intents,

1692

4° GEORGII IV. Ctip'lxxix.

tents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; that is to say, in the First Place, in Payment of One Moiety of the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the preparing, obtaining, or passing this Act j in the Second Place, in the Payment of the additional Costs, Charges, and Expences to be incurred in dividing the said Road into separate Districts; in the Third Place, in paying to the Treasurer for the Time being to the Trustees of the said Lower District the yearly Sum of Two hundred and seventy Pounds on or before the Fifth Day of October in every Year, for and toward the Repair of the said Lower District of Road j in the Fourth Place, in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and repairing the same, and of altering, widening, turning, repairing, and improving the said Road comprised in the said Upper District, and purchasing Lands for those Purposes, and for executing the other Purposes of this Act as to the said Upper District; in the Fifth Place, in paying One Half Part of the Interest due or to become due upon the several principal Sums of Money which now are due and owing on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls arising between Kingston and Sheetbridge aforesaid; in the Sixth Place, in paying the Interest to become due upon all and every principal Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may hereafter be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said Upper District; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging such principal Sums of Money respectively.

Application

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall of the Money arjse an(j 5e produced by or from the Tolls by this Act granted or made District °WCr Payable> together with the Monies which shall hereafter be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said District, from the said Bridge at the North-east End of the Village of Ripley aforesaid, called the Lower District, and also the said yearly Sum of Two hundred and seventy Pounds herein-before directed to be paid out of the Monies to arise upon the said Upper District for and towards the Repair of the said Lower District of Road, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, and not herein-before otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees of the said last mentioned District, from the said Bridge at the North-east End of the Village of Ripley to Sheetbridge aforesaid for the Time being, and applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; (that is to say), in the First Place, in Payment of One Moiety of the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the passing of this Act j in the Second Place, in the Payment of the additional Costs, Charges, and Expences to be incurred in dividing the said Road into separate Districts; in the Third Place, in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and of repairing the same, and of altering, widening, turning, repairing, and improving of the said Road called the Lower District, from the said Bridge at the North-east End of the Village of Ripley to Sheetbridge aforesaid, and purchasing Lands for those Purposes, and of executing the other Purposes of this Act as to the said District j in the Fourth Place, in paying the remaining One Half Part of the Interest due or to become due upon the said principal Sums of Money which now are or shall from Time to Time be due and owing on Mortgage or Security of

1693

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxix.

the Tolls arising between Kingston and Sheetbridge aforesaid; in the Fifth Place, in paying the Interest to become due upon all and every Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may hereafter be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said Lower District; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging such several Sums respectively.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Saving to

contained shall extend or be deemed, construed, or taken to alter, abridge, lessen, or in anywise prejudice or affect the Securities of the pre- C"

sent Creditors on the said Road, or any or either of them, or their Rights,

Claims, and Interests in or upon the whole of the Tolls arising thereon and therefrom.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for the Treasurer of Purpose of paying the Interest accruing or to become due to the several the Upper Mortgagees or Creditors of the said Road from Kingston to Sheetbridge, Disl"c* *u the Treasurer of the Upper District, after such Proportion of the Costs, MoietyV' Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the preparing, obtaining, Half Part of and passing this Acr, and the additional Costs, Charges, and Expences the Interest to be incurred in dividing the said Road into separate Districts shall have J JVeasuresr been paid as herein-before directed, shall yearly and every Year within District to the Space of Three Calendar Months after such Interest shall have become pay Holders due (out of the Monies then in his Hands on account of the said District, of Securities, or the first Monies which he shall receive enabling him so to do) pay to

the Treasurer of the Lower District One Moiety or Half Part of such Interest, to which One Moiety or Half Part of the Interest so to be paid over as aforesaid, the Treasurer of the Lower District shall, after such Proportion of the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the preparing, obtaining, and passing of this Act shall have been paid as herein-before directed, out of the Monies then in his Hands on account of the said District, or the first Monies which he shall receive enabling him so to do, add the remaining Moiety or Half Part of such Interest, and apply the Whole thereof in satisfying and paying the Interest due to the said Mortgagees or Creditors j and that the Receipt and Receipts of the Treasurer of the Lower District for such One Moiety or Half Part as aforesaid, shall be a good and effectual Discharge and Discharges to the Treasurer of the Upper District, and shall be a Voucher and Vouchers from Time to Time in his Accounts for so much Money as shall be therein expressed to have been received, without his being liable to see to the Application, or answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Treasurer for the The Trea-Time being of the Lower District of the said Road, in any Year, after surer of the having received such One Moiety or Half Part of the Interest in manner L.ovver Dls-and for the Purpose by this Act directed to be paid, shall neglect or MonetTin15 refuse to apply the same in and towards the Payment of the Interest then Hand, and due to such Creditors as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar neglecting to Months after a Demand thereof shall have been made by or on account I,ay Inlerest« of any such Creditors, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful o^Gates^na* to and for the Trustees for the Time being of the Upper District, acting be seized^ in the Execution of the said last recited Act and of this Acr, upon Appli-

1694

The Treasurer of the Upper District having Money in Hand, and neglecting to pay the yearly Sum of 2701. and Interest to the Treasurer of the Lower District, may be sued or Gates seized.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxix.

cation made to them by or on account of any such Creditors, to sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt or on the Case, against the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Lower District, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with full Costs of Suit; or otherwise, upon such Application as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees of the said Upper District for the Time being, or such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint, and he and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered from Time to Time to enter into and upon, and to take Possession of all and every or any of the Toll Houses, Gates, and Bars erected or to be erected and then standing within the said Lower District, and to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls granted by this Act, and then payable at such Toll Houses, Gates, or Bars, until thereby and therewith full Payment of such One Moiety or Half Part of such Interest, together with the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such Entry and Possession, and of collecting and receiving the said Tolls for the Purpose aforesaid, shall have been fully paid and satisfied in the Manner by this Act directed; and after full Payment and Satisfaction aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Treasurer for the Time being of such last-mentioned District.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Treasurer for the Time being of the Upper District of the said Road shall (out of any Monies then in his Hands on account of the said District) neglect or refuse to pay such yearly Sum of Two hundred and seventy Pounds, so* directed to be paid to the Treasurer of the Lower District as aforesaid, or such One Moiety or Half Part of such Interest, or either of them respectively, or so much thereof respectively as shall then be in his Hands on account of the said Upper District, in the Manner and at the Times by this Act directed, then and in either of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees of the said Lower District for the Time being, acting in the Execution of this Act, upon Application made to them by or on account of the Treasurer of the Lower District, to sue for and recover the same, or either of them respectively, in an Action of Debt or on the Case against the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Upper District, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with full Costs of Suit; or otherwise, upon such Application as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees of the said Lower District for the Time being, or such Person or Persons as they from Time to Time shall appoint, and he and they is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered from Time to Time to enter into and upon, and to take Possession of all and every or any of the Toll Houses, Gates, or Bars erected or to be erected and then standing within the said Upper District, and to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls granted by this Act, and then payable at such Toll Houses, Gates, or Bars, until thereby and therewith full Payment of all Arrears of such yearly Sum of Two hundred and seventy Pounds, and such One Moiety or Half Part of such Interest, together with the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such Entry and Possession, and of collecting and receiving the said Tolls, for such Purposes as aforesaid, shall have been fully paid and satisfied in the Manner by this Act directed, and after full Payment and Satisfaction aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Treasurer for the Time being of such last-mentioned District.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxix.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees of the said Districts of the said Road shall not have any Power or Authority to borrow Money upon the Security of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, save and except upon the Tolls arising within their own Districts of the said Road only, and save as to the said Lower District, upon the Money directed to be paid to that District from the said Upper District.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Trustees of the said respective Districts, or either of them, shall at any Time or Times hereafter have occasion or think it necessary, for the Purposes of this Act, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Trustees to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, and payable in the District for which the same shall be required, and to secure the Repayment thereof with Interest to the Person or Persons advancing the same, in the Way, Form, and Manner mentioned and prescribed in and by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees within their said respective Districts, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees of the said respective Districts to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said respective Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their respective Treasurers for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said respective Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, (as the Case may be): Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the

1695

Trustees not to borrow Money except upon the Tolls of their own pistrict.

Power to

borrow

Money.

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Trustees,

&c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

1696

Statute

Labour.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxix.

said last recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

I

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are,

or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards the repairing and amending the said Road, shall be and remain liable thereto in like Manner in every respect as they now are or have heretofore been; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Surrey, as respects the said Upper District, or for any Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said Counties of Surrey, Sussex, or Southampton, as respects the said Lower District, and they are hereby required and empowered upon Application made to them by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor of the said respective Districts of the Road, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places in or through which the said Road does or shall lie, lead, or pass; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said respective Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, to bring in a List before the said Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road within the said respective Districts, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Part of the said Road, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes,

Hamlets, and Places respectively, to pay over to the said respective Trustees or their Treasurer, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said respective Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams,

Draught

1697

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxix,

Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force or effect for Repairs of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on any Part of the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said respective Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle and negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be Subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road $ all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said respective Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets* or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, as respects the Upper District, and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, or Southampton, as respects the said Lower District, within their respective Jurisdictions, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said respective Trustees.

XXXIII. And whereas several Bridges on the said Upper and Lower Trustees may Districts are repaired and maintained by the respective Counties in which contract for ♦he same are situated, and it would tend greatly to the Improvement of ^Count^ the said Bridges and the Roads over the same, if the Trustees of the said Bridges. y respective Districts were authorized and empowered to contract for and

take upon themselves the Repairs of such Bridges and Roads; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the said Upper and Lower Districts respectively, and for any such County or Counties respectively, to enter into a Composition and Agreement with each other, whereby in consideration of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon being yearly paid to the Treasurer of the said respective Trustees, out of the Rates to be raised for such County or Counties respectively or otherwise, the Repairs of any such Bridges and the Road over the same shall, during such Time as shall be agreed upon, be undertaken and carried on by the said Trustees respectively.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Trustees of

Act contained shall authorize, compel, or empower the said Trustees of Upper Dis-the said Upper District to repair and amend the Bridge called Clutton to

Bridge in the said Town of Kingston-upon-Thames, or the Embankments Bridge. Utt°D of the River Thames adjoining the public Carriage Road by this Act ° made Turnpike, or the Fences there.

19 L

1698 4° GEORGII IV. Cap.\xx\x.

Trustees of

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

trict mav'as- and f°'' the

Trustees of the said Upper District, and they are hereby sist Trustees empowered from Time to Time to advance and pay to the Treasurer for of Lower the Time being to the Trustees of the said Lower District any Sum or

District, Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds per

Aiinum (over and above the aforesaid yearly Sum of Two hundred and seventy Pounds), as they may deem expedient, for and towards the Repair of the said Lower District of Road, without requiring any Return of the Monies so to be advanced j any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Money ad-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money which Yasshf this advanced for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of obtaining

ActTo’be"15 and passing this Act shall not be repaid within the Space of Three Calen-repaid with dar Months after the passing thereof, that then and in such Case lawful Interest. Interest shall be paid to the Person or Persons advancing the same, from the Time such Money shall have been advanced to the Day of Payment, in addition to the Money so advanced.

For paying

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and ofllds Act^ Expences incident to and attending the obtaining of this Act, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the same, until Payment thereof, shall be paid and discharged in the Manner herein-before directed by the said respective Trustees, out of the Monies already collected or received, or out of the first Monies to be collected or received by virtue of the said last recited Act or this Act, or either of them, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Public Act.]

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed

and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Term and

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall take place of0Ud"AciCe upon Fifth F)ay of October next after the passing thereof, and shall be and continue in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

1

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Norwich to Fakenham, in the Coimty of Norfolk.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS the making a new Road from the City of Norwich to the Town of Fakenham, in the County of Norfolk, will afford a much more easy and convenient Communication between the said City, and be of great public Utility $ but such new Road cannot be made and maintained without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being 3G. 4. c. 126. for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Nor- Trustees. folk, together with Edward Astley, Francis Astley, John Bloom, Robert Birch am, Samuel B ire bam, William Birch am, Charles Berners, Henry Berners Clerk, Samuel Bidwell, Thomas William Coke the younger, William Clayton Clerk, Philip Mallet Case, Hamilton Custance, Sir Charles Chad,

George Chad, Samuel Culley, Richard Culley, John Culley, Henry Utring Culley, Edward Dewing, Edward Dewing Clerk, Elisha De Hague, John Francis, Lord Henry Fitzroy, William Foster, Peter Le Neve Foster, Anthony Gwyn, Richard Gwyn, John Andrews Girling, Joseph Gurney, Joseph John Gurney, Hudson Gurney, Richard Hanbury Gurney, Robert Ham-[local.'] 19 AT mend

1702

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxx.

mond Clerk, John T. Jones, Thomas Leeds, Stephen Leeds, Robert Leeds, Guy Lloyd, Charles Laton, William Money, Nathaniel Micklethwaite the younger, George Morse, John Mills Clerk, George Norris Clerk, Charles Norris Clerk, Jermyn Pratt Clerk, Robert Pratt, John Pike, Joseph Peck-over, Abraham Rawlinson, John Robson, Nathaniel Rapier Raikes Clerk, Aquila Robins, James Stoughton Clerk, Edward Savory Clerk, Charles Thompson, Lord James Townshend, Lord Charles Townshend, Atkins Wright, Philip Edmond Wodehouse, Robert Watts, James Lee Warner Clerk, Charles Weston, Miles Weston, and George Cook Watson, together with such Number of Persons, not exceeding Five, as they shall at their First Meeting nominate and appoint, shall be, and they and their Successors, to be elected in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, are hereby appointed Trustees for making and maintaining a Road from the City of Norwich to the Town of Fakenham, in the County of Norfolk, and for carrying into Execution this Act.

Trustees to

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be swom. be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed and prescribed, and unless being so qualified, he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, and the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned) take and subscribe before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath following; that is to say,

Oath. T A.B. do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do so-* A lemnly affirm]. That I will truly and impartially, according to the ‘ best of my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act e passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the i Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act], and also ‘ an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, in-‘ tituled [here set forth the Title of the General Turnpike Act.]

So help me GOD/ [Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words, So help me GOD/]’

And if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath or Affirmation by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath or Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

6

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxx.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Guildhall in the City of Norwich, on the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and proceed to put the said recited Act and this Act into Execution.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Clerk and Treasurer, and One or more Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to remove such Clerk, Treasurer, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them; and on such Removal, or on Death or Resignation, to appoint others in their Stead; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, out of any of the Monies arising by virtue of the said Act and this Act, to allow and pay to the Clerk, Treasurer, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting them or any of them in or about the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances, for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Services, as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons, in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act; and if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

1703

Powers of 3 G. 4. extended to this Act.

First Meeting of T rus-tees.

Appointing of Officers.

Treasurer and Clerk not to be the same Person.

1704

Power to erect Toll Gates.

Power to re move Toll Bars.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxx.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall direct and appoint, shall and may build, erect, and set up such and so many Toll Gates or Toll Bars in, upon, or across such Parts and in such Places of the said Road as the said Trustees shall think proper, and also such and so many Toll Gates or Toll Bars on the Sides of the said Road, and in, upon, or across any Street, Lane, or other Highway, that does or shall lead into or out of the same respectively, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and expedient; and also shall or may erect or provide a Toll House and a Weighing Machine, with suitable Buildings, a Garden, and other Conveniences, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre, at or near to each of such Toll Gates or Toll Bars.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars, and Weighing Machines, which shall be erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road, to be removed and placed upon such other Part or Parts of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct; provided that none of the said Toll Gates or Toll Bars or Weighing Machines shall be removed as aforesaid, unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove the same shall have been affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates then standing upon the said Road.

Power to sell

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Toll Houses. Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same, and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee-simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him or them so purchased, discharged from all Trusts and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is by the said recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

Power to X. And Le it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said take Tolls. Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by virtue of this Act Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take at the loll Gates or Toll Bars which shall be erected in, upon, across, or on the

Side

1705

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxx.

Side or Sides of the said Road by this Act directed to be made, or in, upon, or on the Side of any Street, Lane, or Way leading into or out of any Part of the said Road, the several Tolls and Duties following;

(that is to say,)

For every Horse or Beast of Draught, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Tolls. Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Curricle, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse or Beast of Draught,drawing any Waggon, Wain, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horse or Beast of Draught, drawing any Cart or other Twowheeled Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Score of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Score of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

And such Tolls shall and may be demanded and taken before any Horse Tolls vested or Horses, or other Beasts or Cattle, be permitted to pass through any in Trustees, such Toll Gate or Toll Bar; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise and be produced therefrom, and from the said Weighing Machines respectively, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and the same, and every Part thereof, shall be paid and applied, disposed of and assigned, in such Manner as is mentioned in the said recited Act and this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person having paid the said Number of Toll at any Two Gates, whether such Gates shall stand across or on the Tolls limited. Side of the said Road, shall be liable to pay Toll at any other Gate upon the said Road on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid) for or in respect of the same Horse, Cattle, or other Beast, drawing or not drawing; and that in no Case shall any Person be subject to pay the Tolls hereby granted at more than Two Gates on the same Day for the same Cattle, Horse, or Beast, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage; but that in each such case the Collector or Collectors of the Tolls shall, on Receipt of such Toll, deliver gratis to every Person requiring the same, a Ticket or Tickets denoting such Payment or respective Payments, which Ticket or Tickets shall be sufficient Evidence to all other Collectors on the said Road of such Payment or respective Payments, and the Party or Parties shall be allowed to pass and repass any Number of Times in the same Day without any further Demand of Toll on that Account.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That for and in respect of all Stage Horses drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, Coachei.&c. or other Stage Carriage, carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, xirJJg)0fVery or Reward, Tor which the Tolls hereby granted shall have been paid, and passing, which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid thereat; and that the said Tolls shall be payable for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing Post Chaises, and other Carriages travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing and repassing along the said Road on the same Day, with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

[Local.'] 19 N XIII. Pro-

1706 4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxx.

Exemption

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll shall be for Agricul- demanded or taken by virtue of this Act for any Horse, Beast, or other tural Pro- Cattle or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to duce* fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying,

having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Dung, Soil, Compost, or Manure for improving Lands, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, (unless laden also with some other Thing not exempted from Toll by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,) or any Hay, Straw, Fodder for Cattle, and Corn in the Straw, which has grown or arisen on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Cora in the Straw, Potatoes, or other Agricultural Produce, and which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor is going to be sold or disposed of, or for any Horses or other Beasts employed in Husbandry going to or returning from Plough or Harrow, or to or from Pasture or Watering Place, such Horses or other Beasts not going or returning on those Occasions more than Two Miles on the said Road; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemption, not being legally entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Proof of Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming the same.

Application

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall of the Money. arise and be produced by and from the Tolls by the said recited Act and this Act granted and made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue thereof, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; that is to say, in the first Place, in Payment of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which have been incurred or incidental to, or attending the applying for and obtaining and passing of this Act; in the second Place, in defraying the Expences of purchasing Land which may be necessary for the making and widening of the said intended Road, and erecting and keeping in Repair the necessary Toll Gates and Toll Houses thereon; in the Third Place, in paying the Interest accruing from Time to Time upon the several principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be borrowed and secured in pursuance of this Act; in the fourth Place, in

keeping the said Road in Repair; and lastly, in discharging the several

principal Sums of Money which shall be secured in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act.

Road to be

XV. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Line of the Road aC" *ntende(* to be made, and the Lands through which such Line is to be

Plan'.nS l° carried> together with a Book of Reference, containing the List of the

Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, hath been deposited

with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Norfolk; be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may, at all seasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and take Copies and Extracts therefrom, at their Will and Pleasure, paying to such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for 7 every

1707

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxx.

every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts; and that the said Trustees, in making such Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Lands mark* lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Road into, through, across, ed in the

or over the several Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises of any Person b/used^not-or Persons who is or are or may be the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or withstanding Occupiers of Lands or Premises over which the same or any Part thereof Errors in the is or are mentioned and described in this Act, or set forth and described Book of Rein the said Map or Plan or List as aforesaid, although such Lands or ference-Premises, or the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, may happen to be erroneously described, omitted, or mis-stated in this Act, or in the said Map or Plan or List, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, or City of Norwich, within their respective Jurisdictions, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake, or was not wilful; and such Certificate shall be deposited with, and remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trus- power to tees, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors, and Workmen, with or without enter Lands Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and to make Premises through which or whereupon the said Road hereby authorized Road*

to be made, or any Alteration thereof, is intended to pass, and also upon any adjoining Lands or Grounds, and to stake out the said Road, and to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part thereof, and to make a temporary Way or Ways through or over any such adjoining Lands or Grounds (not being a Garden, Yard, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), to be made use of as a Public Highway whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road are being widened or altered, and until the said Road shall be made safe and convenient for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think necessary or proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned; such Damages to be ascertained and settled, in case of Dispute concerning the same, in the same Manner as the Value of Lands to be purchased or used by virtue of this Act is by the said recited Act directed to be ascertained and settled in case of Dispute j and if any Person shall pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out any Part of such Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

It

1708

Trustees restrained from pulling down Dwelling Houses, &c.

Trustees to fence the new Road.

For paying Creditors by Lot.

Trustees not personally liable for Mortgages.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxx.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained, other than and except so much and such Part of such Dwelling Houses or other Buildings, Orchards, Gardens, Yards, Parks, Paddocks, planted Walks, Avenues, and Nurseries for Trees, as are described in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Trustees shall, by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, make any Part of the said Road over and through any private Grounds, or shall take away any Fence for widening, diverting, or turning any Road already made, the said Trustees shall make, or cause to be made, proper Fences or Stone Walls on both Sides of such new-made Road, or on the Side upon which any such Fence shall be so removed as aforesaid, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to such Road, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches where necessary, out of the said Road into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep up such Fences so to be made in good Order and Repair, for and during the Term of One Year from the Time that such Fences shall have been made or set up.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall at any Time or Times be desirous of paying off any Portion of the Principal Monies due and owing upon the Credit of the said Road, it shall and may be lawful for them, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid (Notice of such intended Meeting, and of the Purposes thereof, being first given at least Twenty-one Days preceding the same, by Advertisement in some Newspaper printed in or usually circulated in the said County of Norfolk), if they shall think fit, instead of paying the same rateably amongst all the Creditors, to determine by Lot to which of such Creditors the Whole or any Portion thereof shall be so paid, and to pay the same to such Creditor or Creditors only, or to any of the Creditors with the Consent of all the other Creditors; any thing herein or in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally subject to or liable to be charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or other Security to be made by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act: Provided always, that in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be defrayed out of the Tolls arising on the said Road.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxx. 1709

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as ^o^9aev^ent often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be of c^peu. paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of the Directions sation for of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Materials, Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any

Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury, of any Nature or Kind what- sa;d soever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons Trustees, &c. acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall the same to not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive ofy

the same, within Twenty-one Days after Demand in Writing shall have the Goods of been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk such Trus-to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or tees, or their Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount treasurer, of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be:

Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Warrant as aforesaid.

XXill. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are Regulations or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards ns to the Per-repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still ^°tlfltgCe remain liable thereunto in like manner as heretofore; and it shall be Work6 lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, or City of Norwich, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justice from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling [Local."] 19 0 Houses),

1710

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxx.

Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or PJace are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with 1 earns or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint, and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if such Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Pari of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and which Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, or City of Norwich, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

Trustees,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed IlesLr ]t" incompetent to give Evidence, or be disqualified from giving Testimony

or

1711

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxx.

or Evidence in any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other legal Proceeding, to be brought or had in any Court of Law or Equity, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace under or by virtue of this Act, by reason of being a Trustee of the said Road, or a Mortgagee or Creditor of the Tolls thereof, or a Farmer, Lessee, or Collector of such Tolls, or a Treasurer, or Clerk, or Surveyor, or other Officer under this Act, nor shall such Testimony or Evidence, for any of the Reasons aforesaid, be rejected, or liable to be questioned or set aside.

[Public Act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such,

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon Commence-jhe Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty- ment and three, and shall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be exe-

cuted for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The

1712

4° GEORG11 IV. Cap. lxxx.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Part of a Garden and double Cottage, in the Hamlet of Hellesdon, in the County of the City of Norwich, belonging to Charles Berners, Esquire, and in the Occupation of James Coleman.

Part of a Garden in the Parish of Drayton, belonging to Anthony Kendle, and in the Occupation of Henry Buttle, on the South Side of the present Road, marked on the Plan of the said Road N° 24.

A Blacksmith’s Shop and Part of a Yard in the Parish of Attlebridge, belonging to Nathaniel Micklethwaite, in the Occupation of James Mace.

Part of a Garden in the Parish of Morton, belonging to Thomas Trench Bemey, and in the Occupation of James Hall.

Part of a Garden in the Parish of Morton, belonging to Thomas Trench Bemey, in the Occupation of Benjamin Woods.

Part of a Yard or Garden in the Parish of Sparham, belonging to and in the Occupation of John Clarke.

Part of a Yard or Garden in the Parish of Foxley, belonging to Porter, in the Occupation of Thomas Frost and Thomas Jonas.

Part of a Yard or Garden in the Parish of Foxley, belonging to James Raven, in the Occupation of George Vince.

Part of a Fir Plantation in the Parish of Twyford, belonging to and in the Occupation of Coulsey Savory.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printera to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823,

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for amending and keeping in repair the Roads from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Dover to the Town of Folkestone, and from thence through the Parish of Folkestone to Sandgate in the County of Kent.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading 26G. 2. c. 68. from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County of Kent: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for explaining and amend- 4G-3- c- 78-ing an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled ‘ An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County of Kent;* and also for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Cowgate and Archcliff Fort in Dover, through Folkestone, to the Town of Hythe in the said County: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of Two 4lG 3- C*4S-Acts, one made in the Twenty-sixth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Fourth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing the Roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Cowgate and Archcliff Fort in Dover, through Folkestone, to the Town of Hythe in the County of Kent, and for repealing so much thereof as requires the Trustees therein named to keep in repair the several Roads leading from Archcliff [Local."] 19 P Fort

1714

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxi.

Fort in Dover to Folkestone, and from the Parish of Folkestone to Hythe: And whereas the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Acts have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, and is now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads, which Money cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless some of the Powers of the said Acts be altered and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby imposed continued; and it would be convenient if the Powers for managing the said Roads were consolidated in one Act of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Acts repeal- the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, ed, and this the said Acts passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said b force*pUl Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth and Forty-first Years orce. of Reign Qf His said Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and instead thereof this Act shall be put into Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair the Turnpike Roads herein-after described.

Power* of

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the 3G.4. c. 126. Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the thfc Ac?to Powersi Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

New Term

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and Tolls and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby made subject and liable to Debtjt0 Payment of which have been borrowed, and are now due

and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said Acts, or any of them, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls granted by this Act; and all and every Person and Persons who may owe or be subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money to the respective Trustees of the said Roads, or to any other Person or Persons for the Benefit of the said Trusts, shall be liable to the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money to the respective Trustees for executing this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants, and Agreements, Contracts, and Securities entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees respectively of the said Roads, or any of them, or to or with any Person or Persons on behalf of the said Trustees, according to Bie Provisions and Directions of the said recited Acts, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed on Account 5 and

1715

4° GEORGII IV. Ctyi.lxxxi.

and for the Benefit of the Trusts created by this Act; and all Contracts or Agreements duly made or entered into by the respective Trustees of the said Roads to or with any Person or Persons shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the respective Trustees for executing this Act, according to the Terms or Stipulations thereof respectively, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said recited Acts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Roads shall be divided into Two Districts, and that the Road ffom the Town and Port of Dover in the County of Kent, to Barham Downs in the said County, commencing at the South East Angle of that Part of a certain Building in Dover aforesaid called The Maison Diets, which was lately used as a Victualling Office, shall be the First District of Road; and that the Road leading from Dover aforesaid to the Town of Folkestone, and from thence through the Parish of Folkestone to Sandgate in the said County of Kent, shall be the Second District of Road.

V. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Kent, together with Sir Brook William Bridges Baronet, Sir Samuel Egerton Bridges Baronet, Sir William Geary Baronet, Sir Edward Knatchbull Baronet, Sir Henry Oxenden Baronet, Sir Thomas Mantell Knight, Doctor Edward Broderip, Thomas Bass, John Back, William Collins, William Coleman, John Coleman of the Priory, Thomas Coleman of Dover, William Cocke, John Coleman of Kersney, Henry Cooper, Stephen Roger Court, George Dell, William Rastall Dickinson, John Dell, George Dickinson, Michael Elwin, Philpott Elsted, John Elve, George Finch, George Finnis, John Finnis, the Reverend George Henry Teale Farbrace, James Gunman, John Hamilton, Thomas Horn, George Harrison, John Harnett the younger, Henry Pett Hannam, John Jeken, Richard Jell, George Jennings the elder, George Ralph Payne Jarvis, William Knocker, John King, Matthew King, Matthew Kennett, Thomas Knocker, James Sumner Kelsey, Michael Kingsford, William Kingsford of Charlton, William Kingsford of Buckland, John Jeken Kennett, Samuel Latham, Hensbaw Latham, Charles Lamb, John Henry Latham, Thomas Loud, Henry Loud the elder, Henry Loud the younger, George Hatton Loud, Edward Matson, James Moon, Thomas Manger, John Lewis Minet, Isaac Minet, James Neales, Jonathan Osborn, Henry Chudleigh Oxenden, George Chichester Oxenden, Montague Oxenden Clerk, Graham Oxenden, Joseph Webb Pilcher, Edward Powell, Thomas Pain, Thomas Papillon, John Plumptre, Robert Potter the elder, Christopher Phipps, John Phipps, John Pilcher, Robert Potter the younger, James Pilcher, Henry Cooper Peckham, Edward Pilcher, John Plumptre, John Pemberton Plumptre, John Reynolds, Thomas Rut ley, Edward Rutley, Thomas Russell, Edward Rice, George Stringer, John Shipdem, William Sharp, Du Bois Smith, Nicholas Ladd Steriker, Boyman George Sampson, William Slater, Edward Thompson, William Tournay Doctor of Divinity, Robert Walker, Stephen Witherden, James Walker, John Worsfold, Admiral Robert Winthrop, Henry Norris Watson, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the present Turnpike Road leading from the Town and Port of Dover aforesaid to Barham Downs aforesaid, and for carrying into Execution this Act, and such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as are not expressly varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

Roads to be divided into Two Districts.

Trustees for the First District of Road.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap- lxxxi.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Kent, together with William Pleydell Bouverie commonly called Viscount Folkestone, Sir Henry Oxenden Baronet, Sir William Geary Baronet, Sir Brook William Bridges Baronet, Sir Edward Knatchbull Baronet, Sir Samuel Egerton Brydges Baronet, Sir Thomas Mantel I Knight, Benjamin Andrews, Thomas Andrews, Edward Andrews, James Drake Brockman, Julius Drake Brockman Clerk, William Brockman Clerk, James Brockman junior, Tatton Brockman Clerk, Edward Brockman, Thomas Baker, Thomas Steddy Baker, John Bateman, Thomas Bass, William Bennett, Lawrence Banks, John Back, Richard Boorn, Janies Bell Clerk, William Henry Champneys Clerk, John Castle, Thomas Castle senior, Thomas Castle junior, Robert Castle, Matthew Clark, William Coleman, Benjamin Cobb, Edward Coleman, William Collins, John Coleman of the Priory, Thomas Coleman of Dover, Richard Cullen, James Cullen, Stephen Roger Court, William Deedes, Henry Dawkins, William Deedes junior, Julius Deedes Clerk, Henry Deedes, George Dell, John Dell, William Evelyn, Michael Elwin, Philpot Elsted, John Elve, Elias Lott Eaton, George Elwyn, George Finch, George Finnis of Dover, Robert Finnis of Hythe, John Finnis, George Finnis of Hythe, Thomas Farley, Charles Fagg, James Gunman, John Gill, Willson Gates, Richard Hart senior, Richard Hart junior, John Hart of Fancy Street, John Hart junior, Ingram Hammon, George Harrison, John Holman, Thomas Holman, Richard Hobday, Thomas Horn, James Hook, Scroope Hutchinson, John Jeken, John Jenkins (of Stouting), George Jennings the elder of Dover, Henry Jeffery, James Jeffery (of Cheriton), John Innes, William Janeway, Matthew Kennett, John Jeken Kennett, James Kelsey, William Kemp, Matthew King, William Knocker, Thomas Knocker, William Kingsford of Buckland, SamuelLatbam, HenshawLatham, John Henry Latham, Thomas Loud, General Kenneth Mackenzie, Thomas Mackeson, Henry Mackeson, James Major, David Major senior, David Major junior, Thomas Manger, Robert Marsh (of Coolinge), Richard Marsh, William Marsh, Joseph Marsh, Rolfe Marsh, Richard Marsh (of Farthingloe), Richard Marsh (of Hope), John Minter, Thomas Minter, Robert Mummery, John Mackeson, James Neales, Jonathan Osborn, Henry Chudleigh Oxenden, George Chichester Oxenden, Montague Oxenden Clerk, Graham Oxenden, Thomas Papillon senior, David Papillon, Thomas Papillon junior, Thomas Pearce Clerk, John Papillon, Frederick Papillon, Joseph Webb Pilcher, Jesse Pilcher senior, Ralph Price Clerk, Robert Petman, James Prince, Thomas Pilcher, Jesse Pilcher junior, Thomas Randolph Clerk, William Richards, William Rigden senior, William Rigden junior, Thomas Russell, Edward Rutley, William Rayner, Joseph Sladen, George Stringer, Thomas Seaffeary, Mark Sandford, John Shipdem, James Shipdem, William Stace, Austin Stace, Thomas Squire senior, Jacob Stredwick, George Shipdem, Jacob Squire senior, Edward Thompson, William Tournay Doctor of Divinity, William Tournay Clerk, Isaac Tournay, Henry Tritton, William Tritton, George Christopher Thatcher, John Tournay, Thomas Valger, Thomas Viney, Robert Walker, Robert Avery Webb, Thomas Woolley, James Watts, Richard Castlehow Wakefield, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road from Dover aforesaid through the Town and Parish of Folkestone to Sandgate in the said County of Kent, and for carrying into Execution this ^Ct, TK^ SUC^ ^°wers anc* Provisions of the said recited Act of the 1 hird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as are not expressly altered, varied, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

4° GEORGII IV. C(tp.lxxxi. 1717

VU. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to ap-respective Trustees, at a Meeting to be held by them respectively for p°,nt that Purpose (of which respective Meetings, and of the Purpose thereof, rus"

Fourteen Days Notice shall be given as is directed by the said last recited Act respecting the Appointment of Trustees on Vacancies), to elect, nominate, and appoint any Number of fit Persons, not exceeding Five for each of the said Districts, to be Trustees, for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed; and such Trustees so elected and appointed shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act, as if they had been named and appointed by this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Trustees to be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, he sworn, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed and prescribed, and unless being so qualified he shall before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, and the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned) take and subscribe, before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same), the Oath or Affirmation following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do solemnly Oath.

* A affirm], That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of e my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities,

‘ and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in

* the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, c intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act], and also an Act ' passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled

* [here set forth the Title of the General Turnpike Act],

'So help me GOD.’

And if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid) before he Penalty on shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Persons act-Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty ,ng "°t being Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same quai ed' in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign,

Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath or Affirmation by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath or Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Trustees for the First District Meeting of shall meet in the Guildhall of and in the Town and Port of Dover afore- Trustee*, said, on the Thirteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and the Trustees for the Second District shall meet at the Guildhall in the Town of Folkestone aforesaid, on the Twelfth Day of [Local.-] 19 Q june

1718

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxi.

June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and respectively proceed to put the said last recited Act and this Act into Execution.

Appointing X. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for each of the said Officers, Sa. Districts may, and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their lanes, gcc. Hands, to appoint such Collector or Collectors of the Tolls arising on the said Roads, and Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other Officers as the said Trustees respectively shall think necessary, and such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove, and on Removal, Death, or Resignation of any such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, or other Officers, to appoint others in their Stead, and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any of the Monies arising by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, to allow and pay to the several Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting them, or any of them, in or about the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Services, as the said Trustees respectively shall deem reasonable.

Former

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk, Surveyor, and all

Officers to other Officers (except the Treasurer), who have been appointed under

continue. an(] employed in the Execution of the said-former Acts hereby repealed,

shall respectively continue to exercise their Offices under this Act, until they shall respectively die, resign, or be displaced, or be removed by the said respective Trustees in manner aforesaid, or be incapable of executing them, and shall be subject to the like Rules and Regulations, and Pains • and Penalties, in all respects whatsoever, as if they had been appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

Treasurer

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be not to be the lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons same Person, who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person, being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than thtrt of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or 7 by

1719

4° GEORGII IV. Ca/j.lxxxi.

by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or have Books, &c. been employed, or who have received any Tolls or other Money on account of the said Roads, or who have or shall have in their Custody tQrbe deli_ or Possession any Money, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other veredtothe Things relating to the Roads by this Act directed to be improved and Trustees repaired, shall account for anti pay and deliver over the same, and every ^er thl* Part thereof, to the respective Trustees in and by this Act named and appointed, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties, as the several Collectors and other Persons receiving any Money by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act are required to pay or account for the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Book and Books Books used containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing ^ncdtesrtfor^er the said recited Acts, so far as the same relate to the said Districc of Evince.6 Road, or containing any Orders or Agreements made or entered into by them, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed.

XV. And be it enacted, That the said respective Trustees may and Power to they are hereby authorized to continue all or any of the Toll Gates and continue and Toll Houses which have been erected in, upon, or across any Part of the q^, Toll said Roads by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, and shall and may Houses, &c. erect or cause to be erected such and so many other Toll Gates and Toll Houses, Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, in, upon, or across any Part of the said Roads, and also in, upon, and across such Parts, and in such Places of the said Roads by this Act directed to be widened, improved, or kept in Repair, and also such and so many Toll Gate or Toll Gates on the Sides of the said Roads, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and expedient, and also shall or may erect or provide a Toll House, with suitable Buildings, a Garden, and other Conveniences, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre of Land, at or near each of the said Toll Gates.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said power to sell respective Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or the present Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, on the Toll Houses, said Roads to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said respective Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can respectively obtain for the same; and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses,

Gardens, and Appurtenances, to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their

Heir*

1720

Power to take Tolls.

Toll*.

Tolls to be paid before Cattle pass the Gate.

Tolls to be vested in Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cajs.lxxxi.

Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said respective Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him or them so purchased, discharged from all Trusts and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land as is by the said first recited Act directed to be given, where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed or continued by virtue of this Act, Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take the several Tolls following at the Toll Gates or Toll Bars, or Toll Gate or Toll Bar, or Side Bars or Side Gates, already erected by virtue of the said Acts upon the said Roads to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and which by virtue of this Act shall be continued or erected in or upon the said Roads, or across or on the Side of any Street, Road, or Way leading into or out of any Part thereof and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say),

For every Horse or Mule drawing any Coach, Chariot, Phaeton, Calash, Curricle, Vis-a-vis, Chaise, Diligence, Caravan, Chair, Hearse, Litter, Taxed Cart, Market Cart, or other Cart, or other Carriage for the Conveyance of Passengers, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse or Mule drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Ass, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number : And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And the said respective Tolls shall (subject to the Restrictions in the said last recited Act and this Act contained) be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mule, or other Beast, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, be permitted to pass through any Toll Gate erected or to be erected or continued upon the said Roads by virtue of this Act, or in, upon, or across any Lane, Street, or Way leading into the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Tolls by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act authorized to be taken, which shall be collected at any Gate erected or to be erected on the said First District, shall be vested in the I rustees for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the Roads in such District; and that all and every the said Tolls, which shall be collected

1721

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxi.

lected at any Gate erected or to be erected on the said Second District, shall be vested in the Trustees for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the Roads in the said District, and the same and every Part thereof shall be levied, collected, paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned in Manner directed by the said last-mentioned Act and this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night), from any Person or Persons for or in respect of the same Horse, or other Beast or Cattle passing and repassing through the same or any other Gate or Turnpike situate upon such Part of the said Roads as lie in the said First District, or from any Person or Persons for or in respect of the same Horse, or other Beast or Cattle passing and repassing through the same or any other Gate or Turnpike situate in the said Second District, between the Towns of Dover and Folkestone; or from any Person or Persons for or in respect of the same Horse, or other Beast or Cattle passing and repassing through the same or any other Gate or Turnpike situate between the Town of Folkestone and Sandgate, all and every Person and Persons producing a Ticket denoting the said Toll had been paid that Day on such respective Parts of the said Roads, which Ticket or Tickets each and every Collector of the said Tolls is hereby required to deliver (,gratis) on Payment of such Tolls respectively.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach, or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toil had been before paid; and the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses, or other Beasts drawing Post Chaises and other Carriages travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads on the same Day with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees or Commissioners, at any of their respective Meetings, if they think proper, to order and cause to be built and erected, at any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates on the Roads under their Care and Management, or at such Distance therefrom as they shall think expedient, One or more Crane or Cranes, Machines or Engines, with a suitable House or other Building thereto, proper for the weighing of Waggons or Carriages conveying any Goods or Merchandize whatsoever, and by Notice on a Board for that Purpose to be put up at every such Weighing Machine, to order and direct all and every such Waggons or Carnages which shall come within One hundred Yards of any Crane, Machine, or Engine, to be weighed, together with the Loading thereof; and in case any Owner or Owners, Driver or Drivers of any such Waggon or Carriage, coming within One hundred Yards of any Weighing

Tolls to be taken but once a Day; One Toll at each District*

Stage Coachea to pay each Time of passing.

Power to erect Weighing Engines j and Waggons, &c. coming within too Yards thereof to be weighed.

1722

Exemptions for agricultural Pro-

Exemption for Sheep going to

Enabling the Trustees to

Agreement with the Trustees of

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxi.

Crane, Machine, or Engine, to be erected at any of the Turnpike or Toll Gates the Roads herein-before mentioned, shall, on being required by the Keeper or Collector of any such Turnpike or Toll Gate, Weighing Crane, Machine, or Engine, neglect or refuse to drive, or to permit or suffer to be driven, his or their Waggon or Carriage, with the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize therein, to any such Weighing Crane, Machine, or Engine for the Purpose of being weighed, or shall in any Manner hinder, impede, or obstruct the driving or weighing of any Waggon or Carriage, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, every Owner or Driver so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act for any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Dung, Soil, Compost, or Manure for improving Lands, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, laden also with some other Thing not exempted from Toll by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any Hay, Straw, Fodder for Cactle, and Corn in the Straw, which has grown or arisen on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, Potatoes, or other agricultural Produce, and which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor is going to be sold or disposed of; or for any Horses or other Beasts employed in Husbandry going to or returning from Plough or Harrow, or to or from Pasture or Watering Place, such Horses or other Beasts not going or returning on those Occasions more than Two Miles on the said Roads; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemption, not being legally entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Proof of Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming the same.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken under or by virtue of this Act for any Sheep or Lambs that shall pass through any Toll Gate erected or to be erected on the said Roads in going from one Field to another to pasture, the said Fields not being more than the Distance of Two Miles from each other, and being the Property of or in the Occupation of the Owner or Owners of the said Sheep or Lambs nor for any Sheep or Lambs going to be washed, or returning from being washed, previously to being shorn, such last-mentioned Sheep or Lambs not passing more than Two Miles on the said Roads, and the Lands from whence the same shall be driven, and the Place to which they shall be driven for the Purpose of being washed, being the Property of or in the Occupation of the Owner or Owners of the said last-mentioned Sheep or Lambs.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees of the said First District, and their Successors, or any Seven or more of them (by and with the Approbation of Five-sixths in Value of the Creditors of the said First District), at any General Meeting of the said Trustees to be called for that Purpose

(Notice

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxi.

(Notice of the Time and Place of such Meeting, in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk to the Trustees of the said First District, being affixed upon all the Gates which shall be then standing upon the said First District, and inserted in one or more of the public Papers circulated in the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, at least Ten Days before such Meeting), to enter into any Agreement with the Trustees acting by virtue of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Forty-first Tear of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from the Town and Port of Dover to the Town and Port of Sandwich; and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs up Kersney Court Hill to the Parish of Whitfield otherwise Beausfield in the County of Kent; for the Purpose of exempting from the Payment of Tolls, or for reducing the Rate of Tolls to be paid by virtue of this Act by any Person or Persons for or in respect of any Horses or other Beasts or Cattle passing through any Gate or Gates upon the said First District of Road; but no such Exemption from or Abatement of Tolls shall be made, save and except such Horses or other Beasts or Cattle shall on the same Day, in travelling from the Town and Port of Sandwich through the Parish of Waldershare to Dover aforesaid, have passed through 'Two or more Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected upon the Line of Road from Sandwich aforesaid through IValdershare to Dover aforesaid, and save and except the Person or Persons claiming any such Exemption or Abatement of Tolls shall produce to the Collector or Collectors of the Tolls of the said First District, a Ticket or Tickets denoting that the Tolls have been paid for or in respect of such Horses or other Beasts or Cattle at Two or more Gates on the said Line of Road.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls to be collected and received by virtue of this Act shall be applied by the Trustees of the said respective Districts; in the first Place, in paying the Expences of procuring and passing this Act, each District paying One Moiety thereof; and the Remainder of such Tolls shall from Time to Time be applied, first, in paying the Interest of the Principal Money which for the Time being shall be due and owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls of the said Districts separately and respectively; and, in the next Place, towards the repairing, amending, and improving the Roads within each District, and in erecting Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and for carrying the Purposes of the said first recited Act and this Act into Execution; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging the several Principal Sums of Money which have been borrowed by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or shall be borrowed by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on the Credit of the Tolls arising within each District.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees respectively shall at any Time or Times be desirous of paying off any Portion of the Principal Monies due and owing upon the Credit of either of the said Districts of Road, it shall and may be lawful for them, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid (Notice of such intended Meeting, and of the Purposes thereof, being first given, at least Fourteen Days preceding the same, by Advertisement in some Newspaper

printed

1723

the Waldershare T urn-pike Road.

3 G.4. c. 96.

Tolls arising in each District to be applied to the Roads of that District.

For paying Creditors by Lot.

1724

Trustees not Mortgages.

Inc

e of

Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxi.

printed in or usually circulated in the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, if they shall think fit, instead of paying the same rateably amongst all the Creditors, to determine by Lot to which of such Creditors the Whole or any Portion thereof shall be so paid, and to pay the same to such Creditor or Creditors only, or to any of the Creditors, with the Consent of all the other Creditors; any thing herein or in the said last recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally subject to or liable to be charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or other Security, to be made by virtue of or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act: Provided always, that in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees for any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be defrayed out of the Tolls arising on the said Roads.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace; which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Warrant as aforesaid.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxi. 1725

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are Regulation* or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and gtatute the Inhabitants of all such Parishes, Townships, or Places liable to do Work. Statute Work upon or to contribute towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereunto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justice from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures* as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways • and [Local.'] 19 S if

1726 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxi.

if such Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all Which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and which Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

[Public Act.]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the ment and passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for and during the Continuance Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next of this Act. Session of parliament.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

PRO IT•

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

«4f4E|f «f4M*¥ r

Ca/>.lxxxii.

An Act for improving and keeping in repair the Road from Tarporley in the County Palatine of Chester to the South East End of Acton Forge near Wever-ham in the same County.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repairing arid widening the Road from Tarporley in the County Palatine of Chester to Acton Bridge near Weverham in 22G. 3. C. 106. the same County: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-second Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and 29 G. 3. c-99. widening the Road from Tarporley in the County Palatine of Chester to Acton Bridge, near Weverham, in the same County: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted and continued, which still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off; nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless the Term granted by the said recited Acts be further continued; and it would be more convenient to the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, if the said Acts were repealed, and other Powers and Provisions granted instead thereof: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating 'Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : May it there- 3 g. 4. c. 126. fore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by lLtcal.~\ 19 T the

1730

Two first recited Acts repealed.

This Act to be liable to Payment of Money due on account of the said first recited Acts.

Extending the Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. to this Act.

Commencement and Termination of the Road.

Bonds and Securities entered into under former Acts to remain in force until satisfied and paid.

Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxii.

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that this Act shall commence and take effect in lieu and instead thereof, and shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of amending, widening, turning, altering, improving and keeping in repair the Road from Tar-porley in the County Palatine of Chester to the South East End of a certain Place called Acton Forge near Weverham in the same County.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on account of the said first recited Acts, and also of such other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed by virtue of or become due on the Credit of the said first recited Acts and of this Act, or either of them, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Remedies, Penalties, Exemptions, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall extend and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend to this Act, in as full, large, and ample a Manner, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same respectively were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, save and except where the same are, or any Part thereof is, expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Road shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to begin at the North East End of the Town of far-porley aforesaid, and to terminate at the South East End of a certain Place called Acton Forge, near Weverham, in the said County.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, and Securities made or entered into by any Person or Persons, to or with any of the Trustees for executing the said first recited Acts, according to the Provisions and Directions thereof respectively, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity until the same are fully satisfied and performed; and all Contracts, Agreements, Demises, Mortgages, and Securities duly made or entered into by the Trustees for executing the said Acts hereby repealed, to or with any Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees for executing this Act and the said last recited Act, and be observed and kept by them according to the Terms and Stipulations and Tenor thereof respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being acting for the County Palatine of Chester, together with the Right Honourable Richard Grosvenor commonly called Lord Viscount Belgrade, the Right Honourable George Harry Grey commonly called Lord Grey, Sir Edmund Antrobus Baronet, Sir Henry

Bunbury

1731

4° GEORGII IV. Gj/j.lxxxii.

Bunbury Baronet, Sir Richard Brooke Baronet, Sir John Broughton Baronet, Sir John Chetwode Baronet, Sir John Grey Eger ton Baronet, Sir John Fleming Leicester Baronet, Sir Henry Mainwaring Mainwaring Baronet, Sir John Thomas Stanley Baronet, Sir Thomas Stanley Massey Stanley Baronet, John Arden, Daniel Ashley, Lawrence Armitstead, John Blackburne, Roger Barnston, John Smith Barry, Peter Langford Brooke,

Thomas Langford Brooke, Henry Brooke, Thomas Barker, William Charles Booth, Charles Cholmondeley, Edwin Corbett, Henry Calveley Colton, John Cheshire, Davies Davenport, Edward Davies Davenport, John Smith Daintry, George Eaton, Wilbraham Egerton, Richard Egerton, James France France, John Ford, William Fox, Booth Grey, John Baskeroy/e Glegg, Thomas Bay ley Hall, Peter Heron, Robert Hibbert, Thomas Hibbert, John Hos/cin Harper, John Halliday, Francis Joddrill, Egerton Leigh, George John Legh, Ralph Leycester, Egerton Leigh the younger, Willoughby Legh, John Legh, Peter Legh, Thomas Legh, Thomas Lyon, William Massey, John Marshall, Thomas Marshall, Thomas Parker, Domvile Poole, William Rigby, John Royle, Thomas Assheton Smith, Thomas Assheton Smith the younger, Charles Watkin John Shakerley, Charles Peter Shakerley, James Stanton, Clement Sweetenham, Trafford Trafford, Richard Legh Trafford,

Thomas William Tat ton, Robert Taylor, Rowland Eyles Egerton IVarburton,

Lawrence Wright, Randle Wilbraham, George Wilbraham, James Wilde,

William Henry Worthington, Offley Crewe Clerk, William Cotton Clerk,

William Wickham Drake Clerk, Philip Egerton Clerk, George Heron Clerk,

Peter Leigh Clerk, Richard Massie Clerk, Edward Mainwaring Clerk, Edward Stanley Cievk, James Tomkinson Clerk, Rowland Egerton IVarburton Clerk, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for putting the said last recited Act and this Act in execution.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Power to said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby appoint authorized and empowered, at their First Meeting to be holden in pur- ra^ciltlonuJ suance of this Act, to elect any Number of Persons not exceeding Five in ruslet the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act and the said last recited Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby and by the said last recited Act appointed; and such Trustees so elected, and being qualified according to the Directions of the said last recited Act and this Act, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this and the said last recited Act, as if they had been hereby nominated and appointed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Trustees to be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act and the said last take an 0atl» recited Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such manner as execute th« in and by the said last recited Act is directed and prescribed; and unless Acts! (being so qualified) he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the said last recited Act, and the

Oath herein-after mentioned) take and subscribe, before any Three or more of the said Trustees, an Oath, or being a Quaker, an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

* I A.B. do swear, [or, being a Quaker, do affirm], That I will truly, Oath.

honestly, and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment,’

execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts

‘ reposed

1732 4° GEORGII IV. <>.lxxxii.

‘ reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth ‘ Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled ‘ An Act, 8$c. [here insert the Title of this Act], and also an Act passed ‘ in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act ‘ to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in ‘ that Part of Great Britain called England. So help me GOD.

Which Oath or Affirmation any one or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said last recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person, who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Acts and Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

th^Trustees -^n£* ^urt^er enacted> That the said Trustees, or any Three or

more of them, shall meet at some convenient House or Place on or near the said Road, on the Second Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as may be convenient, for the Purpose of carrying the same and the said last recited Act into Execution; and the said Trustees shall and may meet yearly in the Month of December^ or at such other Time, and at such Place near the said Road, as they the said Trustees shall think proper, for the Purpose of letting the Tolls granted by this Act, and for other Purposes relating to the said Road; and that the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall and may adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and meet at the same or at some other convenient House or Place on or near the said Road, as they, or any Three or more of them, may think proper; and that if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, the Meeting shall be adjourned, and that Two Trustees shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only j and that in case the said Trustees, or any of them, shall not attend, or shall omit to adjourn, then the Clerk to the said Trustees shall adjourn the said Meeting, and appoint the said Trustees to meet at the Place where such last Meeting was appointed to be held, within Five Weeks next after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed to be held, and shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on the several Turnpike Gates on the said Road, at least Ten Days before such Meeting.

Power to ap- # X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may,

poini Officers. if they think proper, at their First Meeting to be held under or by virtue of this Act, by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Treasurer

or

1733

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxxxii.

or Treasurers, and a Clerk or Clerks, and also a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and of all the Monies to be collected, or which shall or may be due and payable under or by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, and shall likewise appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and the said Trustees shall and may from Time to Time remove all such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, when and as often as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others in their Stead, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper; and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Tolls and other Monies to be collected and received under or by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, make such Allowance, by way of Salaries or otherwise, unto the Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyprs, and other Officers so to be appointed, for and in Consideration of the Care and Pains by them respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act; or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor, and other Officer and Officers (except the Treasurer) nominated and appointed under and by virtue of the said first recited Acts hereby repealed, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments, until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees; and every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to

Treasurer and Clerk not to be the same Person.

Old Officers may continue until others are appointed.

1734

4" GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxxxii.

the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he or they had been nominated or appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

Books used

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Books containing the under former Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said Two first Evidence6 recked Acts, and made Evidence thereby, shall and may be given in V1 Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and Action^ whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if the said first recited Acts had not been repealed.

Officers

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who

under the have been employed, or who shall have received any Tolls or other former Acts Money, by virtue or in pursuance of the said first recited Acts, or who to account, have in their Custody or Possession any Books, Accounts, Papers,

Writings, or Things relating to the said Road, shall account, pay, and deliver over the same to the said Trustees, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as are by the said last recited Act inflicted in respect to the several Persons receiving any Monies or having the Possession of any Books, Writings, or other Things, by virtue of the said Act and this Act.

Trustees

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three Gatesre° or more them, shall and may, as they shall think proper, continue or remove all or any of the Toll Gates erected by virtue of the said Two first recited Acts, or which shall or may be erected by virtue thereof and of this Act, or either of them, and may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, any other Toll Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Road, and upon the Sides thereof respectively, and also across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the same; and may also continue, erect, or provide a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniences, at or near each Toll Gate, and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, or discontinue such Toll Gates or Toll Houses or any of them, as they the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall think expedient j and also may take in and inclose from the said Road convenient Garden Spots for the said Toll Houses respectively, not exceeding One-eighth Part of an Acre to each Toll House: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting under their Authority, to collect or take any Toll from any Person or Persons ar a certain Side Bar or Gate called Acton Lane Gate.

Power to sell

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said TollPHoSses Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Acts hereby repealed, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his,

5 her,

1735

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxii.

her, or th.eir Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Tolls herein-after Power to mentioned shall and may be demanded and taken at each and every of the rake Tolls. Toll Gates, Turnpikes, and Side Gates now erected or to be erected on the said Road, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees or their Lessee or Lessees, Collector or Collectors for the Time being, shall from Time to Time appoint, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the same; (that is to say),

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Tolls. Chariot, Phaeton, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or Hearse, with Four Wheels, and drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau,

Chariot, Phaeton, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or Hearse, with Four Wheels, and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau,

Chariot, Phaeton, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or Hearse, drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Chaise, Chair, Calash, or Hearse, with Two or more Wheels, and drawn by One Horse or other Beast, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage, with Four Wheels having the Tire of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Cart or other Carriage with Two Wheels, having the Tire of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every small Cart, drawn by One Pony, Mule, or Ass, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, drawing any Stone or Timber Carriage, of whatever Description, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast (except as herein-after mentioned) laden or not laden, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Mule or Ass, laden or not laden, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Score of Horned or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence j and so in proportion for any greater or less Number : And,

For every Score of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said respective Tolls, and all other Tolls by the said last recited Tolls vested Act and this Act imposed, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money in the Trus-which shall arise and be produced therefrom, shall be and the same are tee8,

hereby

1736

Tolls to be paid only Once a Day.

No Toll for only crossing Roads.

Application of Tolls and other Monies.

Stage

Coaches, Ca-lavans, and Post Chaises to pay every Time of passing.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxii.

hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the same and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned in such Manner as hereinafter is mentioned or referred to.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay Toll more than Once in one and the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, except where a different Computation is directed in and by the said Act for regulating Turnpike Roads), for passing or repassing with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes erected by virtue of the said Two first recited Acts, or to be erected by virtue of this Act; but that all and every Person or Persons after having once paid Toll as aforesaid, and producing a Note or Ticket, or Notes or Tickets, denoting the Payment or Payments of such Toll, shall afterwards pass Toll-free with such Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages during such Day (to be computed as aforesaid), through all and every Gate and Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, so erected as aforesaid, or to be erected by virtue of this Act; and all the respective Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver such Notes or Tickets gratis on Receipt of the Toll in manner aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage which shall only cross the Road to which this Act relates, or which shall not pass more than One hundred Yards thereon.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies and other Effects which they the said Trustees, or any of them, or any Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Person or Persons on their Behalf, are or is entitled to by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, shall be by the said Trustees applied for the Purposes of this Act; and that out of the Monies which shall arise by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, the Expences attending the preparing, obtaining, and passing this Act shall be first paid and discharged, and the Remainder thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in paying the Interest due and to grow due upon all such Sums of Money as are due and owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, or shall be borrowed upon the Credit and Security of the Tolls by this Act granted, and afterwards in amending, widening, altering, diverting, turning, repairing, improving, and keeping in repair all the said Road, and in erecting, repairing, and maintaining proper Turnpikes, Toll Gates, and Toll Houses; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging the several principal Sums now due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls, or which may hereafter become due and owing, and in defraying the Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Stage Coach or any Stage Waggon, Van, Caravan, or other Stage Carriage, carrying Passengers or Goods for Payment, Hire, or Reward, for which Toll shall have been paid, and which shall return on the same Day through the same Turnpike

or

1737

4° GEORGII IV. Cwyj.lxxxii.

or Toll Gate, the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for repassing through such Toll Gate, in like Manner as if no Toll had been before paid; and the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or other Beasts drawing any Post Chaise and other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Road on the same Day, with a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Per- Trustees may son or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or ap- ^makin^ point, shall and may and they and he are and is hereby empowered to or repairing contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, diverting, the Road, widening, repairing, or otherwise improving the said Road, or any Part thereof, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of the said last recited Act and this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and that all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, Surveyor or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the same, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Powers Houses, &c. and Authorities hereby and by the said last recited Act given or granted ?ot to bein" shall not extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the jure *

said Trustees, in repairing and widening the said Road, to take or pull down, injure or damage, any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or Regulations shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards astothePer-repairing and amending the said Road or any Part thereof, shall still re- formance of main liable thereunto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful StatuteWor • for any Two or more Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application

made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes,

Townships, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Road lies; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be ex-CLocal.'] *9 X pressed

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxii.

pressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for. that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists, such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if lie had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of me Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of 6 the

4° GEORGII IV. Ca/>.lxxxii. 1/39

the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as I" °*ein often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be of^ompe^sa-paid in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the Third t;on for Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, as or by way of Materials, Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials or Costs, or for any Damages, Spoil, or Injury, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or b"J j{j'e Trus-committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or te'es> &c. the under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be same to be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the ^eg^yof same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, the(iooc|s of stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said 8UCh Trustees Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made or their Trea-by such Justice or Justices, then and in such case the Amount of such 8Urer-Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil or Injury, as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment ol such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that the said Treasurer shall and may retain, out of any Monies which may come into his Hands in pursuance of this Act, all such Costs,

Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of such Order or Orders as aforesaid.

[Public Act.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon Term of the the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty-one Act-Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Roads from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch and other Places, to Newtown River, and from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to Andover, in the County of Southampton.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act 2 G. 3. c. 61. for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch and other Places, to Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present Turnpike Road at Andover in the County of Southampton: And whereas another Act was also passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an 23G. 3. C. 109. Act, passed in the Second Tear of His present Majesty s Reign, for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch and other Places, to Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present Turnpike Road at Andover in the County ^Southampton : And whereas another Act was also passed in the Forty.fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act 44G. 3. C. 17. [Local.'] 19 T to

1742

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiii.

to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed for amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, to Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Andover in the County of Southampton: And whereas the Trustees appointed by the said first recited Act divided the said Roads into Two Districts, and the Orders and Proceedings of the Trustees for carrying the Purposes of all the said recited Acts into Execution have been made, had, or done at separate Meetings held for each respective Division or District, and inasmuch as such Division has been found advantageous to the said Roads and to the Public, it is expedient that the same should be confirmed : And whereas the Trustees have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts authorized to be collected, arising upon each of the said Divisions or Districts of the said Roads, which still remain due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be sufficiently amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged, and the Tolls increased or altered : And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present 3G.4.C. 126. Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : And whereas it would facilitate the Execution of the Purposes aforesaid, if the said Three first recited Acts were repealed, and further Provisions made for the Repair of the said Roads: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assem-Three 6rst bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing recited Acts of this Act, the said recited Acts of the Second, Twenty-third, and Forty-

repealed. fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed; and that this Act shall from thenceforth commence and take effect and be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the Roads herein-after described; (that is to say), the Road leading from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, North Litchfield and Whiteway, to the River at Newtown, at the Extremity of the County of Southampton, on the Road towards Newbury, which shall be and constitute the First District of Roads comprized in this Act, and shall be called by the Name of the Whitchurch District; and the Road leading from the said Road at Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to a Place called Upton Corner, and from thence to the Hursley Turnpike Road, and from Upton Corner aforesaid, to the present London Turnpike Road at Andover in the said County of Southampton, which shall be and constitute the Second District of Roads comprized in this Act, and shall be called by the Name of the Andover District; and the Tolls hereby granted, and to arise on the Roads in the said Whitchurch District (except One-fourth Part of the Gross Rent or Tolls to arise at the Swan Lane or City Arms Gate, herein-after mentioned, or at any other Gate to be erected in lieu thereof, and which are to be applied as herein-after provided) shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the same District of Roads, under the said first Three recited Acts, or upon which the 7 same

1743

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiii.

same shall have been charged, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, or of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected on the Roads in the said Whitchurch District; and also to the Payment of all Monies which shall or may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected and to arise on such last-mentioned District of Roads; and the Tolls hereby granted and to arise on the Roads in the said Andover District, together with One-fourth Part of the Gross Rent or Tolls to arise at the Swan Lane or City Arms Gate, or at any other Gate to be erected in lieu thereof, as herein-after provided, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the Roads in the said Andover District, under the said first Three recited Acts, or upon which the same shall have been charged; and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, or of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected on the Roads in the said Andover District, and to be payable to the Trustees of the same District, in pursuance of the Provision hereinafter mentioned; and also to the Payment of all Monies which shall or may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of the same Tolls respectively; and that all and every Persons and Person owing any Sum or Sums of Money on account of the said Districts of Roads or either of them, to the Trustees for executing the said first Three recited Acts, shall be liable to the Payment thereof to the Trustees of the Districts of Roads respectively, on account whereof the same shall have been due and owing; and all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities made to or by, or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees who have acted as such, for either of the Districts of Roads herein-before mentioned, shall remain in full force and effect, and be and is and are hereby declared to be available in all Courts of Law and in Equity, until the same be fully satisfied and performed, on account and for the Benefit of the respective Trusts under this Act; and all Bonds, Securities, Bargains, Contracts, Agreements, Conveyances, Orders, Proceedings, or Notices entered into, made, had, or given by the Trustees who have acted as such for either of the Districts of Roads herein-before mentioned, with or to any Person or Persons, shall be and the same is and are hereby declared to be of as full force and effect as if the same had been entered into, made, or given by the respective Trustees under this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Appointment Peace acting for the County of Southampton for the Time being, together of Trustees.

with the Honourable commonly called Lord ForChester,

the Honourable and Reverend Augustus George Legge, the Honourable and Reverend William Herbert, the Honourable and Reverend George Herbert, the Honourable and Reverend Thomas De Grey, the Honourable Algernon Herbert, the Honourable Henry George Powis Townsend, the Reverend Sir Henry Rivers Baronet, Sir Edward Hyde East Baronet, Sir Henry Wright Wilson Knight, Sir James Fellows Knight, James Hook Doctor of Laws,

William Hill Newbolt Doctor in Divinity, George Frederic Nett Doctor in

Divinity Rennell Doctor in Divinity, Dean of Winchester, Andrew

Crawford Doctor of Medicine, Charles Littlehales Doctor of Medicine,

William

1744

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiii.

William Allee, William Birkett Allen, Richard Bright, Robert Barnard Clerk, Hinton Bailey, Edward John Bury Clerk, Thomas Bingham, Richard Bishop, William Barnes, William Barnes the younger, Major Bull, Wither Bramstone, William Burnett, William Criswick, Liscombe Clark Clerk, John Curtis, John Crouch, Richard Durnford Clerk, Richard Dear, Henry Dampier Clerk, William Henry Dever ell Clerk, Samuel Deverell, Thomas Deane, John Davidson, Anthony Dale, Thomas Drake, Ralph Etwall, Moses Edney, John Edney, Thomas Evans, Freeman, William Faithfull,

Charles Fielder, William Gamier Clerk, William Gover, Robert Gatehouse Clerk, Gilbert Heathcote Clerk, William Harrison Clerk, Henry Huntin-ford Clerk, George Hollis, Peter Hawker, Edward Hearn, Lascelles Ire-monger Clerk, William Iremonger, Robert Jessett, Thomas James, Francis Kersley, William Knapp, Edward Knapp, Harry Lee Clerk, Harry Lee the younger Clerk, Richard Littlehales, G/’/^r Lyford, David Mid-

dleton Clerk, John Mant, Poulet Saint John Mildmay, Francis North Clerk, Charles Augustus North Clerk, Thomas Nertherclif, William Neville, Edmund Poulter Clerk, Benjamin George Purvis Clerk, Robert Pitter, Anthony Paice, William Portal, John Portal, Charles Richards the elder, Clerk, Charles Richards the younger Clerk, James Ralfe, Henry Sissmore Clerk, John Nicholas Silver, William Simonds the elder, Samuel Scott, William Smith, William Simonds the younger, John Twynam, George Twynam, Edward Twynam, John Beckley Vincent, Thomas Watkins Clerk, John Woodburne Clerk, James Wickham the elder, William Wickham, James Woolls, James Wickham the younger, Barnard Winter, David Williams, Philip Williams, James Eames Waight, Thomas Woodham, John White the elder, and William Toung the elder, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, altering, turning, widening, improving and keeping in repair the Roads in the Whitchurch District herein-before described, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution, so far as relates to such District; and that all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Southampton for the Time being, together with William Alves, George Barnes, William Burrough Child, Henry Criswick, William Courtney, Richard Durnford Clerk, Joseph Hague Everett, Ralph Etwall, Robert Evans Clerk, the Honourable Newton Fellowes, Henry Arthur Powis Fellowes, Kingston Fleet, Henry Festing, William Stanley Goddard Doctor in Divinity, John Godden, Gilbert Heathcote Clerk, Peter Hawker, Charles Heath, Thomas Heath, William Hawkins Heath, Lascelles Iremonger Clerk, William Iremonger, William King, the Honourable and Reverend Augustus George Legge, Wintringham Loscombe, Anthony Lewis, John Lywood, John Lywood the younger, John Mortimore, Sir John Walter Pollen Baronet, Richard Pollen, Thomas Pickering, Thomas Pickering the younger, Robert Pickering, William Pitman, Philip Henry Poore, William Reding, John Reeves, Thomas Assheton Smith, Thomas Assheton Smith the younger, Benjamin Sanders, George Thompson, John Henry Todd, William Gilbert Taplin, Henry Tredgold, Thomas Willis Clerk, Joseph Wakeford Banker, William Wakeford, Robert Wakeford, James Wickham, William Wickham, James Wickham the younger, and John Wildey, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the Roads in the Andover District, herein-before described, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution, so far as relates to such District.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiii.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things contained in the said last recited Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act), shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees hereby appointed for the Whitchurch District, and for the Trustees hereby appointed for the Andover District respectively, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings to be respectively holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect and appoint any Number of Persons (not exceeding Five in the whole for the Whitchurch District, and not exceeding Five in the whole for the Andover District, in addition to the Number of Trustees herein named and appointed for the said Districts respectively) to be Trustees for the said respective Districts; and such Persons so elected and appointed, and being duly qualified according to the Provisions or Directions of the said last recited Act and this Act, and having taken and subscribed the Oath, or being a Quaker, having made and subscribed the Affirmation in the said last recited Act and this Act mentioned, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act as if they had been herein named.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be Trustee* to capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, unless be sworn, he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said last recited Act

is directed and prescribed, and unless being so qualified, he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation mentioned in the said last recited Act, and the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned) take and subscribe, or being of the People called Quakers, shall make and subscribe before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) the Oath or Affirmation following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, [or being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly ‘ affirm], That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of ‘ my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and 4 Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee, by virtue of an Act passed in the 4 Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, in-4 rituled An Act, &c. [here set forth the Title of this Act~\ and of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled 4 [here set forth the Title of the Act], So help me GOD.’

4 [Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words, So help me God.*]

And if any Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath (or being of the People called Quakers, have made and subscribed such Affirmation), every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding [Local.] i q Z touching

Power to appoint additional Tru»-tees.

1745

Powers of 3 G. 4. extended to this Act.

1746 4*' GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiii.

touching the Execution of the said last recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath (or being of the People called Quakers, to make and subscribe the Affirmation) by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath, or made such Affirmation, previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

Meetings of

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the Whitchurch Trustees. District shall meet together at the House known by the Sign of the George Inn in Winchester aforesaid, and the Trustees for the Andover District shall meet together at the House known by the Sign of the Star and Garter in Andover aforesaid, or some other convenient Places near their said respective Districts, on the Second Friday after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and respectively shall and may Adjourn- then and from Time to Time after adjourn to and meet at such Times and

raents at such Place or Places, on or near their said respective Districts as they shall think proper; and in case a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act shall not appear at any Time and Place appointed for a Meeting, then the Trustees or Trustee appearing at such Time and Place, or if no Trustee shall appear, then the Clerk or Clerks shall, and they and he are and is hereby respectively authorized to adjourn the Meeting to such Place and to such Time as they or he shall think fit, not being more than Thirty Days, nor sooner than Fourteen Days from the If no Ad- Day of such last intended Meeting; and in case at any Time no Adjourn-joumment be ment of any Meeting or intended Meeting shall be made as aforesaid, then clerk or Two shall and maY be lawful for the Clerk or Clerks to the said respective Trustees may Trustees, or for any Two or more of such Trustees, although not assem-call a Meeting bled at a Meeting, to call a Meeting of such Trustees by Notice, to be by Notice. inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Southampton, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the respective District of Road for which such Meeting shall be called, appointing the Trustees to meet at such Time and Place near to such Road, as the said Clerks or Clerk, or the Trustees respectively giving such Notice shall think proper, not exceeding Thirty Days, nor sooner than Fourteen Days Powers of the from the Date of advertising such Meeting; and all the Powers and Au-Aci may be thorities by this Act or the said last recited Act given to, and all the Mat-erecuted by ters and Things by this Act or the said last recited Act directed or autho-moreVrus- r‘zed to be done by the said Trustees, shall and may be executed and done tees at Meet- by or before the Majority of the Trustees assembled at some Meeting to ings, and the be held in pursuance of this Act, the whole Number present not being of tb^MahL less than Three* and the same shall be of as full Force and Effect as if rity of the ° executed or done by or before all the said Trustees respectively (except in Trustees pre- such Cases where any such Power, Authority, Matter, or Thing is by this sent shall be Act or the said last recited Act particularly directed or authorized to aU the Trus- be executed or done by other Number of Trustees, or in any other tees had been Manner); and at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, a present. Chairman shall or may be appointed; and in all Cases where there shall be an Equality of Votes upon any Question (including the Vote of the No Order to Chairman) such Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote; and be revoked all Orders made under the Powers and Provisions of this Act or of the «n ess ive said first Three recited Acts may be revoked or altered if occasion shall 6 require,

4° GEORGII IV. Cup.lxxxiii.

require, provided that no such Order shall be revoked or altered, except at some Meeting where not less than Five Trustees for the same District shall be present, nor unless the Majority of the Trustees so present shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration, nor unless Three or more Trustees for such District, although not assembled at a Meeting, shall give Notice in Writing to their Clerk or Clerks under their Hands; and also cause Notice to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Southampton, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates on the Road in such District, specifying that such Revocation or Alteration is intended to be moved for Twenty-one Days at least previous to any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose; and the Trustees shall at their several Meetings pay their own Expences, except any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings per Diem, for the Use of the Room wherein they shall meet.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting of the said Trustees for either of the said Districts, it shall at any Time be thought necessary, for the better Execution of this Act, that such Trustees should meet on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk or Clerks to such Trustees, by or under an Order in Writing, signed by Two or more of such Trustees, or for any Two or more of such Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting), to call a Meeting of such Trustees, to be held at such Time and Place, on or near such District as aforesaid, as they shall think proper, by Notice, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such Meeting, to be inserted in some public Newspaper circulated in the said County of Southampton, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then standing or being across the Road in such District (such Time being not less than Fourteen Days after Publication of such Notice); and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment: Provided always, that no other Business than what shall be specified in such Notice shall be transacted at any such Meeting.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Proceedings of the Trustees in the Execution of the said first Three recited Acts, kept according to the Directions or Provisions thereof, and made Evidence thereby, shall be admitted in Evidence in all Courts, and by all Judges, Justices, and others; and all which Books, and also all Books of Accounts, of Receipts and Disbursements, made under the said first Three recited Acts, and all Books for registering Mortgages or Assignments made in pursuance thereof, shall be preserved and kept by the Clerks or Clerk for the Time being to the Trustees for the District respectively to which such Books relate, and shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, and any Creditor or Creditors of the Tolls, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of them, shall ^nd may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerks or Clerk shall refuse to permit or shall not permit the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any of them, to inspect the said Book or Books, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid,

such

1747

Trustees present, and major Part concur.

Meetings on Emergencies.

Books of Proceedings kept under former Acts to be Evidence; and together with all Books of Accounts kept under former Apts, shall be open to the Inspection of the Trustees and Creditors.

Penalty for Refusal of Inspection.

1748

Appointment of Officen.

Persons selling Ale, &c. by Retail, not to hold Places of Profit.

Old Officers to continue until new ones elected.

Clerk not to act as Trea-

4° GEORGII IV. Ctfp.lxxxiii.

such Clerks or Clerk shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees at any of their Meetings shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said respective Districts of Road, and such other Officers as they the said respective Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Removal of any such Officer or Officers may appoint another or others in his or their Stead; and every such Appointment and Removal shall be entered in the Book of the Proceedings of such Trustees, and Ten Days Notice shall be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Southampton, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates standing or being across the Road in such District, of every Meeting which may be held after the First Meeting of the said respective Trustees under this Act, where any such Appointment or Removal shall be intended to be made, specifying the Intention of appointing or removing such Officer or Officers; and such Trustees shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act on their respective Districts, to pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed, or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in or about the carrying this Act into Execution, as such Trustees respectively shall think reasonable : Provided always, that no Person shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act, who shall sell any Ale, Beer, Wine, Spirituous Liquors, or Provisions, by Retail.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every Treasurer who shall have been appointed consistently with the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, such Appointment being according to the Directions and Provisions of this Act; and each and every Clerk, Receiver, Collector Surveyor, and other Officer appointed under and by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts, shall hold and enjoy such their several and respective Offices and Employments until removed therefrom by the Trustees for executing this Act; and each and every such Treasurer, Clerk, Receiver Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer, shall have the like Power and Authority for the Purposes of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties and to the like Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he had been appointed by virtue of this Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who hath been or who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint the Person who hath been or who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being

the

1749

4° GEORGII IV. Cup. lxxxiii.

the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act; or if any such Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees shall, and they are hereby authorized, directed, and required to take sufficient Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers acting by virtue of this Act, for the due and faithful Execution of his or their Office, and also shall or may take such Security from any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls or any other Officer acting in Execution of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls hereby granted shall neglect or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, or otherwise misbehave or misconduct himself, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Trustees for the said Districts respectively, although not assembled at a Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver j and in such Case, and also in case any Collector or Receiver shall die, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the Trustees, or until removed by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of this Act; which Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as if he or they had been nominated and appointed at a Meeting called and held in pursuance of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer appointed under or by virtue of the first Three recited Acts, and who shall be appointed under or by virtue of this Act for either of the said Districts, shall, if thereunto required by Notice signed by Two or more of the Trustees present at a Meeting legally convened for such District given to him or them, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode from Time to Time, within Twenty-one Days after Service of such Notice, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they for that Purpose shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing, under his or their Hand or respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by him or them respectively had, collected, or received, by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts and this Act respectively, and how, and to whom, and for what Purpose the same and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments} and such Officers and Persons shall and they are hereby respectively required, within Fourteen Days after so exhibiting their Accounts, or within such other further Time as such Trustees shall order or appoint, to pay all such Monies as upon the

[Local.'] 20 A Balance

Treasurer, &c. to gire Security.

Trustees may appoint temporary Collectors.

Officers to account;

and pay over Balances.

1750

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiii.

Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their or his Hands to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as the said respective Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the same, or to pay the Balance remaining in their or his Hands within the Time or in Manner aforesaid, if thereunto required by such Trustees, or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Two or more of them shall appoint to take the same, within Fourteen Days after being thereunto required by such Trustees, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, in anywise relating to the Execution of this Act or to the said Roads, and Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace of the County, Borough, or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall live or reside, by such Trustees, or by any Person or Persons by them authorized on their Behalf, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to summon such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, to appear before him; and in case such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons shall not appear upon such Summons (the same having been served upon him or them personally, or left at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode, and no reasonable Cause or Causes to the Satisfaction of the said Justice being shewn for such Nonappearance), to issue a Warrant or Warrants for the Apprehension of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons; and it shall be lawful for such Justice, upon the Appearance of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons upon such Summons, or upon his or their being apprehended and brought before such Justice by virtue of such Warrant, or upon his or their having absconded or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in the same Manner as the Trustees might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been so had, collected, and received, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of levying the same, or if such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons appearing or being brought before the said Justice in Manner aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to such Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Roads; then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the

1751

4" GEORGII IV. Ca/J.lxxxiii.

the County, Borough, or Place where he or they shall live or reside, or to any House of Correction within the same, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his and their Accounts, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his or their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as shall have been made by virtue of this Act in respect thereof, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the same, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), or until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees or to such Justice; but no such Officer or other Person who shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress only shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the said respective Districts, if they think proper, to continue or remove all and every or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes, and Toll Houses and Weighing Machines now standing and being in or upon or across the Roads in the said respective Districts or on the Sides thereof; and also to erect and set up, or build, or cause to be erected, set up, and built upon, in, or across the said respective Districts of Road, or either of them, or any Part thereof respectively, or upon or across the Entrance to any public Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same respectively or any Part thereof, when, where, and as they shall judge necessary, any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Gate or Side Gates, Side Bar or Side Bars, Chain or Chains, Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, and also One or more Toll House or Toll Houses with Outhouses and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Gate, Bar, Chain, or Weighing Machine, and to take in and inclose, on the Sides of the said respective Districts of Road, suitable Garden Spots for the same respectively, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre each, as they shall think necessary; and from Time to Time to take down and remove, or alter or discontinue the same or any of them, as they the said respective Trustees shall think proper, and direct or appoint: Provided also, that no Toll Gate or Turnpike shall be taken down or removed by Order of such Trustees, unless such Order be made by a Majority of the Trustees present at a Meeting, at which Five Trustees for the same District at the least shall be present, nor unless Fourteen Days Notice of such Meeting, and of the Intention of taking down or removing such Toll Gate or Turnpike, be affixed on all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected on such District, and signed by the Clerk or Clerks to such Trustees.

XVI. And whereas the said Roads do or may cross or intersect a Turnpike Road leading from Basingstoke in the said County of Southampton to Stockbridge in the said County, and also another Turnpike Road leading from Basingstoke aforesaid to Andover aforesaid} be it therefore enacted, That no Toll Gate or Turnpike shall be set up or erected in, upon, or on the Side of the said Roads leading from Basing-stoke to Stockbridge, and from Basingstoke to Andover, or either of them,

or

Power to erect Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Side

Weighing

Machines,

& c.

Removing

Turnpikes.

No Toll Gate to be set up where the Roads cross.

1752

Toll Houses becoming useless may be sold.J

Power to take Tolls.

Tolls.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiii.

or in, upon, or on the Sides of the Roads hereby intended to be amended and maintained in Repair, or any of them, where the said Roads do or may cross or intersect each other, so as to subject any Person to the Payment of any Toll only for crossing over any or either of the said several and respective Roads, with Horses, Cattle, or Carriages where they do or may cross and intersect each other.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said Roads absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses already erected on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or hereafter to be erected or continued on the same by virtue of this Act, together with the Ground whereon the same may stand j and all Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances belonging thereunto, whenever the same shall be considered by the said Trustees to be useless or unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of any such Sale being made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens and Premises to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money to the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall hold and enjoy the Premises in Fee Simple, discharged from all Trusts and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of the Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such and the like Preference and Priority of purchasing the Premises so to be sold shall always be given to the Owner or Owners of the next adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given in case of the Sale of any Piece or Pieces of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of a Turnpike Road, and for that Reason sold by the Trustees under the Powers of the said last recited Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees "for the said respective Districts of Roads, or any Person or Persons appointed or continued or to be appointed Collector or Collectors of the Tolls to be taken by virtue of this Act, to demand and take the Tolls herein-after mentioned, at the several and respective Toll Gates or Turnpikes, or Toll Houses or Side Gates, or Side Bars or Chains which are or shall be standing and being or continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said several and respective Districts of Road, or either of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, and on every Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say),

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Coach, Stage Coach, Berlin, Landau, Barouche, Chariot, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Chair, Curricle, Phaeton, Calash, Sociable, Car, Gig, Caravan, Van, Hearse, or Litter, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, or other such four-wheeled Carriage, or any Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For

40 GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiii. 1753

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling pet Score, and so in proportion for any less Number : And,

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number.

Which said respective Toils or Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken as aforesaid, before any Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast or Cattle,

Coach, Stage Coach, Berlin, Landau, Barouche, Chariot, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Chair, Curricle, Phaeton, Calash, Sociable, Car, Gig, Caravan,

Van, Hearse, Litter, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike, Side Gate, or Side Bar, or Chain; and such several and respective Tolls or Sums of Money arising upon or from or in respect of the said respective Districts of Road, shall be and are hereby vested in the Trustees of the respective Districts of Road, upon or from or in respect of which the same shall so arise, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act in manner herein-after directed.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Tolls to be shall have paid the Toll hereby authorized to be taken for the passing Jajj|,ut0,ce of any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage through any one of such Toll

Gates, Turnpikes, or Side Gates, such Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage shall, upon a Ticket denoting the Payment thereof on that Day being produced, be permitted to pass Toll-free through the same Toll Gate,

Turnpike, or Side Gate, and also through such other Gate or Gates, if any, as the Ticket for such Payment shall free, at any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Limiting the contained shall extend or be construed to extend to empower the said Number of Trustees, or any Collector or Collectors, to demand or take, for or in TJ>Hsoutlie respect of the same Horse, Beast, Carriage or Cattle for passing or repass- of RoadmC ing at any Time or Times in any One Day (to be computed as aforesaid)

through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes, or Side Gates, along the whole Line of the said Whitchurch District, more than Three full Tolls, the Distance between each respective Place of Payment being at least Three Miles; nor more than One full Toll for passing or repassing at any Time or Times in any one Day (to be computed as aforesaid) through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes, or Side Gates, along the whole Line of the said Andover District.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Tolls stage hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Coaches, &c. Beasts of Draught, drawing any Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, *P*y every or Stage Waggon, or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or

Goods for Pay or Reward, every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads, or either of them.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby Horses made payable shall be paid for or in respect of all Horses or Beasts of drawing Post Draught let out to hire, and drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage cuha,ses to .be

[Local.J 20 B every to Toll on*"1

1754

every new Hiring.

General Exemptions from Toll.

Penalty on fraudulently takingBenefit of Exemptions.

Leases to be vacated;

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiii.

every Time of passing along the said Roads or either of them, whenever any new Hiring thereof shall be made.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected on either of the said respective Districts of Roads, for any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Dung, Soil, Compost, Chalk, or Manure (save and except Lime) for improving Lands, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, (unless laden also with some other thing not hereby exempted from Toll), or any Hay, Straw, Fodder for Cattle, Corn in the Straw, threshed Corn, Potatoes, or other agricultural Produce which has grown or arisen on Land or Ground in the Occupation of the Owner of any such Hay, Straw, Fodder, Corn in the Straw, threshed Corn, Potatoes, or other agricultural Produce, and which has not been bought, sold, or disposed of, nor in going to be sold or disposed of; or for any Horses or other Beasts employed in Husbandry, going to or returning from Plough, Harrow, Tilling, or Sowing of Land, or to or from Pasture or Watering Place, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or for any Sheep or Lambs going to or returning from Fold, Pasture or Watering Place, such Horses or other Beasts, Sheep or Lambs, not going or returning on any or either of the Occasions aforesaid more than Two Miles on either of the said respective Districts of Roads on which the Exemption shall be claimed : And if any Person shall, by any fraudulent or collusive Means whatsoever, claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and in all Cases the Proof of Exemption shall lie upon the Person claiming the same; and such Penalties shall be levied and recovered (together with the necessary Costs and Charges of levying the same), by the same Ways and Means, and in the like Manner, as Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines are by the said last recited Act directed or authorized to be levied; and one Moiety of such Penalties shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer to the Trustees of the District where such Penalties shall have been; incurred, and applied or disposed of for the Purposes of this Act relating to such District of Road.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Demises, Leases, and Agreements for Lease or Leases, or letting of the Tolls on the said Roads heretofore granted, shall on the Third Friday after the passing of this Act cease and be void; and in case any Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of such Tolls, or any other Person or Persons, shall, on the Vacation or Avoidance of such Demises, Leases, or Agreements, or letting, refuse or neglect to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House, Toll Gate, Bar, Chain, or Weighing Machine, or the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the said respective Trustees, or to any Persons acting under their Authority, after Demand thereof made, then it shall be lawful for such Trustees to remove such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or Person or Persons from the Possession thereof, in such manner as is herein-after directed with respect to the Removal of the

5 Lessee

1756

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. ixxxiii.

Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls to arise and be made payable under this Act, whose Lease or Leases, Contract or Contracts shall be avoided or vacated as is herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that such Trustees shall on or before the said Third Friday after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby authorized, directed, and required, to make or tender a fair and just Compensation and Satisfaction to the present Lessees or Lessee of such Tolls, for the Loss or Damage which they, he, or she may or might thereby sustain (such Loss or Damage being calculated according to the Amount of the Tolls which were payable at the Time of such Leases or Contracts being entered into, and not according to the Amount of the Tolls hereby made payable); and in case any such Lessees or Lessee shall be dissatisfied with the Amount of such Compensation, then and in such Case such Lessees or Lessee shall and may recover Compensation for the Loss or Damage sustained, by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and also (unless the Amount recovered shall be less than the Sum tendered by or on Behalf of the said Trustees) shall have and recover their full Costs of Suit: Provided also, that in case such Trustees and the present Lessees of the said Tolls, or any of them, shall be desirous that such Demises, Leases, or Agreements or Letting, shall continue in force for the Remainder of the respective Terms for which the same or any of them shall have been granted or made, then and in such Case such Lessees or Lessee shall pay such Sums of Money, or such additional Rent to such Trustees as such Trustees shall think fit, as a Consideration for the continuing of such Leases or Lease or Letting; and in case of any Difference or Dispute respecting the Amount of such Sum or Rent, such Difference or Dispute shall be settled by any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place where the Toll House shall be situate, which such Justices are hereby empowered to do, on Application being made to them for that Purpose by such Lessees or Lessee, and on Proof of Seven Days Notice of the Intention of such Lessees or Lessee having been given in Writing by such Lessees or Lessee, to or at the Office of the Clerk or Clerks of the said Trustees.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the Tolls arising on the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or let to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall authorize or appoint, to occupy and enjoy the Toll House or Toll Houses, at which the said Tolls so let are to be collected and to arise, with all the Appurtenances and Conveniences to the same Toll House or Toll Houses belonging, for the Purpose of collecting such Tolls, during so long Time only as such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall duly and regularly pay his, her, or their Rent or Rents, and perform the Covenants, Agreements, and Conditions of such Lease, Demise, or Letting, but no further or otherwise.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls arising on the said respective Districts shall be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let j or

but Satisfaction to be made to Lessees.

Lessees or Persons appointed by them may occupy Toll Houses.

Enabling Trustees to take Possession of Toll Houses when let to farm.

1756 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiii.

in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Part or Instalment thereof, shall be in arrear or unpaid for the Space of Three Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid pursuant to the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting thereof; or in case such Lease, Agreement, or Contract shall in any other manner become void; then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, upon Application made by the Trustees, or by any Person by them appointed on their Behalf, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of every or any Toll House, Toll Gate, Bar or Chain, or Weighing Machine, and the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the Day-time, and to remove and put such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arising thereout respectively, or other the Ferson or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the same, and from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls, and to give to the said Trustees, or other Persons acting by or under their Authority, Possession thereof; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Trustees, if they shall think fit, to vacate and determine the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall accordingly be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other unperformed or broken Obligations, Covenants, or Agreements on the Lessee’s Part) as if such Lease, Agreement, or Contract had never been made; and it shall and may be lawful for such Trustees in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected, in such and the same manner as if no former Lease, Agreement or Contract had been made relative thereto.

Application

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already of the Tolls received by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts, or out of the first and Money Money which shall arise or be received from the Tolls by this Act granted, rowed. of" or ot^erw^se» the Trustees acting for the said respective Districts, or their respective Treasurers, shall in the first place pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act, with Interest for the same, in the Proportions following; that is to say, Two-third Parts thereof by the Trustees for the Whitchurch District or their Treasurer, and the other One-third Part thereof by the Trustees for the Andover District or their Treasurer j and the Remainder of all such Monies arising within the said Districts respectively shall from Time to Time be applied in the second place in keeping down the Interest of the Principal Monies advanced or borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls collected on or arising from or payable on account of the said respective Districts, and which may be hereafter advanced or borrowed on the Credit of this Act, or of the Tolls to be collected on, or to arise from, or to be paid in respect of the said respective Districts, and in erecting Turnpikes and Toll Houses on the said respective Districts, and in amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the said respective Districts of Roads, and in otherwise putting this Act into Execution; and lastly, in repaying the Principal Monies already borrowed on the

Credit

4" GEORGII IV. Cu/f.lxxxiii. 1757

Credit of the Tolls collected on, or arising from, or payable in respect of the said respective Districts, and the Principal Monies which may be hereafter borrowed by virtue of this Act or the said last recited Act, so and in such Manner that the Monies received on account of or arising from the Tolls collected on or payable in respect of either of the said Districts of Roads shall not be liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money already due and owing, or hereafter to become due and owing, on account of or in respect of the other of the said Districts of Roads, subject only to the Provision herein-after mentioned respecting One-fourth Part of the Gross Rent or Tolls arising at the Swan Lane or City Arms Gate, or at any other Gate to be erected in lieu thereof.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That One-fourth One-fourth Part of the Gross Rent or Tolls collected at the Gate on the Whitchurch coilectetl°by District called the Swan Lane or City Arms Gate, or at any other Gate to the whit- ’ be erected in lieu thereof, within the said District of Road within Three church Dis-Miles of the City of Winchester, shall be paid over by the Trustees for the tdctte be Time being of the Whitchurch District to the Trustees for the Time being P*^ A°nv^ve°r of the Andover District, on the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every District.

Year, or within Twenty-one Days thereafter, to be by them applied for the Purposes aforesaid, within or on account of the said Andover District in manner aforesaid.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the One- IftheTrus- 1 fourth Part of the Gross Rent or Tolls last-mentioned shall not be paid tees of the

by the Trustees of the Whitchurch District or their Treasurer, to the Trus- District'omittees of the Andover District or their Treasurer, on the said Twenty-ninth to J,ay over Day of September in every Year, or within Twenty-one Days next thereto Trustees of after (the same being first demanded by the Treasurer of the Andover Dis- Andover District by Notice in Writing, to be given to the Treasurer of the said Whit- XoUs^aken at 1 church District, or left for him at his most usual or last Place of Abode), a certain then it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Time being of the Andover Gate, the District from Time to Time, and so often as any such Default in Payment An do ve r !

shall be made, to enter upon and take Possession of the 'Toll Gate, Bar, District may or Toll House at the Swan Lane or City Arms Gate, near the City of take Pusses- I Winchester aforesaid, and to appoint a Collector or other fit Person to re- sion of such ceive the Tolls there payable, until the Trustees of the said Andover Dis- <,atet'.JJ trict shall by means thereof or otherwise be fully paid and satisfied the are pa'

Money due to them in respect of such One-fourth Part of the Gross Rent or Tolls last-mentioned, with all Expences attending the Appointment of such Collector or other Person as last aforesaid, or in collecting and receiving the said Tolls or otherwise, on account of the Non-payment of the said One-fourth Part of the said last-mentioned Gross Rent or Tolls, at the Time aforesaid; and upon every or any such Entry, or taking Possession, to put out or remove the Lessee, Farmer, Tenant, or Collector appointed by the Trustees of the said Whitchurch District of the aforesaid Tolls, from the Toll House, Toll Gate, or Bar aforesaid.

Trustees re- J strained from ]• pulling down |l Dwelling Houses, &c. I

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by the said last recited Act, for amending, altering, turning, widening, and improving the said Roads, shall not extend or he construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make [Local.'] 20 C use

1758

Ditches, Drains, Bridges, &c. by whom to be made and cleansed.

Persons, &c. before liable to Repairs to continue so.

Statute

Labour.

Justices to

determine

Differences

touching

Statute

Work.

4" GEORGII IV. Co^.lxxxiii.

use of any Curtilage, Orchard, Lawn, or Shrubbery, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof, or other Person interested therein.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees, and their respective Surveyor or Surveyors, or Other Person or Persons by them appointed, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, and of such Depth and Breadth, as they shall consider expedient for the Purpose of keeping the said Roads dry and conveying the Water from the same, as well on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, as also where necessary, into or through any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying near the said Roads (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House), and also such sufficient Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, or Tunnels as shall be requisite or necessary, at the Expence of the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; any thing in the said last recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and all new Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses, Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, or Tunnels to be made in pursuance of this Act, when so made and completed by the said Trustees, shall for ever afterwards be scoured, cleansed, and kept open, repaired and maintained by the Occupiers of the adjoining Lands or Grounds; but all such new Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Trunks, and Tunnels, as shall cross or pass through, in, or under the said Roads, shall be maintained and repaired by the said Trustees, subject to the Provisions of the said last recited Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Counties, Towns, Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Villages, and Places, and the Inhabitants thereof respectively, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and the Members thereof, who heretofore hath or have used, or of Right ought to repair any Part of the said Roads, or any Bridge, Watercourse, Drain, or Sewer in or upon the same, or to pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the Repairs thereof, by reason of the Te* nure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or otherwise howsoever, shall, notwithstanding this Act, be subject and liable to such Repairs, or to the Payment of such Sums of Money, in the same Manner as he, she, or they, and every of them, would have been in case this Act had not been passed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said respective Districts of Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place in which the said Districts of Roads, or either of them, or any Part thereof lies, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said respective Trustees, or by their respective Clerk or Surveyor by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done Upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Plates liable thereto, or in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every

7 such

1759

4° GEORGII IV.

Gz/J.ixxxiii.

such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said respective Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject or liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable j and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors by their Order shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, to pay over to the said respective Trustees, or their respective Treasurer, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees) shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off or discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said respective Districts of Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in

false

1760

Trustees may contract for altering or repairing the Roads, &c.

In case of Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Trustees or their Treasurer.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiii.

false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place wherein such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways shall live or reside, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees, or such Persons or Person as they shall for that Purpose authorize or appoint, shall and may and they and he are and is hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, or repairing the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for erecting Mile or Direction Stones or Posts, Bridges, Culverts, or Arches thereon or therein, or for doing any other Works to be performed in the Execution of this Act, or the said last recited Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, by their Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act or the said last recited Act, shall be binding on the said respective Trustees and their Successors, and upon all other Parties who shall sign the same, and the Executors and Administrators of such other Parties; and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be requisite for making, amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, or repairing the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against such Party or Parties, or Person or Persons so as aforesaid making Default in fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreementj any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said last recited Act or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said respective Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by such Trustees or their Treasurer (which such Treasurer is hereby authorized and empowered to do out of any Monies received or to be received by him as such Treasurer by virtue of this Act), to the Party or Parties entitled to the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices from the Clerk to such Trustees or their

Treasurer,

1761

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxxxm.

Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Older made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in such Trustees by virtue of this Act, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to such Sum or Sums of Money, or Compensation or Satisfaction aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to such Trustees or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally subject to or charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or other Security, under or by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts or this Act: Provided always, that in case any Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against the said Trustees, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of the said first Three recited Acts or this Act, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of defending such Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be defrayed out of the Tolls arising on the said respective Districts of Roads.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall wilfully pull down, break, injure, or damage any Table of Tolls put up or affixed at any Toll Gate or Bar on any Part of the said respective Districts of Roads, or wilfully or designedly deface or obliterate any of the Inscriptions, Letters, Figures, or Marks thereon; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up, throw down, break, injure, or damage any Posts, Rails, or Fences now or at any Time hereafter to be placed or put up by Order of the said respective Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, either by the Side or Sides of such Roads, or at or near to any Pit or Quarry which shall be used, opened, or made for the getting of Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the Purposes of this Act, in order to prevent Accidents; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully cause any Damage or Injury to be done to any Bridge, Arch, Wall, or other Building or Erection set up or erected or to be set up or erected by virtue of the said former Acts or this Act, on any Part of the said Roads or by the Side or Sides thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall cast or throw any Earth or Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing into any Drain, Ditch, Culvert, Tunnel, or other Watercourse in or by the Side of such Roads, so as to obstruct the Water from running or draining off such Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall, without being thereto

[Local.'] 20 D authorized

Trustees not personally liable for Mortgages.

Penalty for

certain

Offences.

1762 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiii.

authorized by the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being acting under this Act, shovel up, scrape, gather, or carry away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, Slutch, Dirt, Mire, Drift, or Soil, from off any Footpath or Causeway, or any other Part of such Roads; or if any Person shall turn loose any Horse, Ass, Beast, Sheep, or Swine upon the said Roads, or suffer any Horse, Ass, Beast, Sheep, or Swine to be turned loose or to wander or stray, or to be or remain upon such Roads to graze or depasture on the Sides thereof; or if any Person on Horseback meeting any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or other Person on Horseback upon such Roads, shall not keep his Horse on the Left or Near Side of such Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall dig, make, or use any Pit or Pits for sawing of Timber or Wood on the Side of such Roads, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence; and every such Offender shall also pay to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Person or Persons, such Sum of Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damage or Injury so done or occasioned to any such Table of Tolls, Post, Rail, Fence, Bridge, Arch, Wall, or Building; and such Penalties and Damages shall be levied and recovered (together with the necessary Costs and Charges of levying the same) by the same Ways and Means, and in the like Manner as Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines are by the said last recited Act directed or authorized to be levied; and One Moiety of such Penalties shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer to such respective Trustees, and be by them applied or disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where by this Act or the said last recited Act any Damages or Charges are directed or authorized to be paid or recovered in addition to any Penalty or Penalties for any Offence or Offences, the Amount of such Damages or Charges, in case of Dispute respecting the same, shall be settled, ascertained, and determined by the Justice or Justices of the Peace by or before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any such Offence or Offences, and shall and may be levied and recovered by such and the like Ways and Means as any such Penalty or Penalties may be recovered by virtue of the said last recited Act.

[Public Act.]

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon Continuance Pass*ng thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty-one of°thi» ActT Years> ai»d from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Damages and Charges in certain Cases how to be ascertained.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, and improving certain Roads in the several Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey and Saint Mary at Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, and Saint Paul Deptford and Saint Nicholas Deptford in the County of Kent.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for opening and making a New Road from the 22G.2. c. 31. East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in repair for the future; And whereas another Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 7 Qt 3 c g4 Twenty-second Tear of His late Majesty King George the Second, for opening and making a New Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in repair for the future, and for repairing several other Roads adjoining thereto : And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enlarging the Term, and for 3iG.3. c.llO. explaining, amending, and making more effectual the Powers of Two several [Local.] 20 E Acts,

1766

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

Acts, fussed in the Twenty-second Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Tear of His present Majesty, for making a New Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for the keeping the same and several other Roads adjoining in repair: And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said late 38G.3. C. 25. Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for making a New Road or Street from Free-school Street Southwark to Dockhead, and from thence through Hickman’s Court, otherwise Rose Court, to Liiliput Hall Bridge in Bermondsey; and for enlarging for the Term of Twenty-one Tears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of Three Acts passed in the Twenty-second Tear of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh and Thirty-first Tears of His present Majesty, for making a New Road from New Street in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the same and other Roads adjoining : And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George 43G.3. c. 132. the Third, intituled An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament, for making a Road from New Street Southwark to the Places therein mentioned, and from Free-school Street Southwark to Dockhead and Liiliput Hall Bridge in Bermondsey, and from the Stones End in Kent Street Southwark to Dartford, so far as respects the Road leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Streer, towards Saint Thomas-a-Waterings; and also for repairing and maintaining a certain Lane, called Long Lane, in the Parish of Bermondsey in the County of Surrey : And whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, inti-55G.3. c. 76. tuled An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Southwark to Deptford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for lighting, watching, and cleansing certain Parts thereof, and other Places in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey : And whereas the Term of Twenty-one Years, granted by the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty is near expiring, and there is a considerable Sum of Money still remaining due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted and authorized to be taken on the said Roads: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, being found in many respects defective or inefficient, it is expedient that the same should be repealed, so far as respects the repairing and amending the said Roads, and that further and other Powers and Provisions for those Purposes should be enacted instead thereof in one Act of Parliament; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George 3G.4. C. 126. the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Certain Parts present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That of the Six so much and such Part and Parts of the said recited Acts passed in the Art "mSed Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, srepea . an(j in the Seventh, Thirty-first, Thirty-eighth, Forty-third, and Fifty-fifth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, as 5 relate

1767

4UGEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

relate only to the repairing and maintaining and improving of the lurn-pike Roads therein mentioned, and the collecting of any Tolls or Statute Duty or Composition in lieu thereof, shall, from and alter the 1 hirty-first Day of August next after the passing of this Act, be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the General Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the turnpike Act Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Paymenfs, Re- t^js Act medies, Matters, and Things therein contained, (save and except such

Parts thereof as are expressly varied or altered by this Act) shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And whereas, under and by virtue of the Powers and Authorities All Acts, contained in the said recited Acts hereby repealed, the Trustees acting in Conveyances, the Execution of such Acts have purchased, and had conveyed to them, J^done divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the widening and im- virtue of foreproving of the Roads by the said Acts directed to be repaired and merActtto amended; and the said Trustees have also sold and disposed of and exe- be valid, cuted Conveyances and Assignments of such Parts of the said Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, as were not required for the Improvement of the said Roads, and have entered into certain Agreements with the Commissioners for Paving in Rotberbitbe in the County of Surrey, and with the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty's Navy; be it therefore enacted, That all the Acts, Deeds, Conveyances, Agreements, Transactions, and Dealings, lawfully made, done, and executed by the Trustees executing the said recited Acts hereby repealed, shall, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said recited Acts, be as good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Acts, or either of them, had not been repealed as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Not to precontained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent vent the Re-the suing for and recovery of any Penalty incurred for any Offence com- c°very of mitted against the Provisions of the said herein-before recited Acts or curred^or'1" any of them, previous to the Repeal of the said Acts in and by this Act; Proceedings or to prevent or defeat any Prosecution commenced, or to be brought for Offences for such Offence; but all Penalties incurred may be sued for, and all aSainst the Encroachments, Nuisances, and other Offences, made or committed pre- Ac^cJe' vious to the Repeal of the said Act, against the Provisions of the said Pea recited Acts or any of them, may be abated or prosecuted in the same manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been passed.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Books containing the Accounts Books used and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts under former hereby in part repealed, and thereby made Evidence, shall and may be to be given in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, Ev,dence‘ and Actions whatsoever, in such and the same manner as if the said Acts had not been so in part repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That on the First Day of September Roads to be next alter the passing of this Act, this Act shall commence and take repaired and effect ma'n*a'ned.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

effect and be put in Execution, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for repairing, widening, and improving the Roads herein-after described; that is to say, the Road commencing at the Public Landing Way at St. Saviour’s Dock, dividing the Parish of Saint John Southwark and the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, and the House nearly opposite, occupied by Topham, Grocer, at Dockhead, and

continuing through Hickman’s Folly and Parker’s Row to Lilliput Hall Bridge, from thence through Prospect Row and Jamaica Row over Mill Pond Bridge to Pasfield’s Retits in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe; from the North-east End of Paradise Street, in the said Parish of Rotherhithe, through the East End of Paradise Row, along the Deptford Road to a House called the Red Lion and Half-way House to Deptford, situate at or near Midway Place, and from the said Half-way House along the said Road, called the Deptford Road, through Prospect Place and Broomfield's, to the Public House called the Noah’s Ark, at the North End of Butt Lane, in the Parish of St. Paul Deptford, and from the Noah’s Ark aforesaid to the South End of Butt Lane, adjoining the Turnpike Road from London to Dartford; also so much of the Road from the Hand and Marygold, or Stones End, in Bermondsey Street, to St. Thomas-a-Waterings, called the Grange Road, as is within the said Parish of Bermondsey; also the Road called the Blue Anchor Road, leading from Fort Place, in the Parish of Bermondsey, to Mill Pond Bridge aforesaid; also from the said Public House called the Red Lion, and Half-way House, to Deptford aforesaid, to the Plough Turnpike, and from the said Turnpike to Trinity Street and Russell Street in the said Parish of Rotherhithe, and from thence to the East End of Trinity Street aforesaid, and to the South End of Russell Street aforesaid; also from the said Turnpike called the Plough Turnpike, over the Bridge called the Plough Bridge or Skinner’s Bridge, erected across Earl Sewer, through Grove Street, Victualling Office Row, up to the Main Road to Deptford herein-before described, at the South End of Grove Street; and also the Roads herein-after mentioned, that is to say, the Spa Road, and the Neckinger Road from the Spa Road to the South End of the Garden in the Occupation of William Rattenbury at the South End of East Lane in the said Parish of Bermondsey, the Road or Street called Church Street leading from Paradise Street to the North End of Neptune Street, and from the Bell in Church Street aforesaid to the Main Road to Deptford herein-before described, in the said Parish of Rotherhithe, and the Roads or Streets called New Row and Queen Street, otherwise called Back Lane, in the said Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint Paul Deptford, or one of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the said Counties of Surrey and Kent for the Time being, together with George Bayley, Samuel Bevington, Joshua Butterworth the younger, William Martin Carter, Jesse Curling, William Davies, Bryan Donkin, Beriah Drew the younger, Amos Drew, Simeon Elkington, Edmund Elkins, William Ewbank, William Foster, Thomas Gaitskell, John Gamble, John Harcourt, Cleeve Jehohannon Hooper, John Harvey, Thomas Hays, Joseph Jackson, Thomas Keeton, Jonathan Lacy, Thomas Larkin, Thomas Laurance, John Lloyd, Charles Miles, William Morris, George Alfred Muskett, Daniel Nelson, Joseph Nicholson, William Nottidge, Philip Pearce, Henry Phillips, William Rattenbury, John Rattenbury, Robert Rich, William Bennett Rich, James Riley, James Riley

the

1769

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

lhe younger, John Roberts, William Rolls, Thomas Smith, Alexander Smith, John Smithy Samuel Henry Sterry, Richard King IVattSy William George Watts, John Whayman, James Williams, and Richard Williams, and their Successors, being Persons inhabiting, occupying, possessing, or entitled unto Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey; and also David Be at son, William Bennett, Daniel Brent, Walter Brocks, George Cawthorn, Charles Carter, Thomas Court hope, John Bryan Courthope, Edward Vaughan Chowne, Joseph Cristall, Allen Dalziel, James Dummelow, Beeby Eilbeck, William Gaitskell the younger, Henry Gardiner, William Howard, Thomas Horncastle, George Lee, John William Nelson, William Northcote, George Ravens Pearson, Robert Allen Pcarcey, John Pelham, John Preston, William Punnett, Thomas Ayles Punnett, Ebenezer Randall, William Skeggs, William Soper, Thomas Solly, Thomas Stevens, John Stokoe Stoddard, Thomas Trump, John Ward, William Blyvers Wallis, William Williams, Richard George Woodruff, Charles Wyatt, and William Yellowley, and their Successors, being Persons inhabiting, occupying, possessing, or entitled unto Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the said County of Surrey; and also James Agutter, Thomas Agutter, John Ashford, Adam Bell, John Best, Samuel Bromley, Anthony Brady, William Brocklesbank, Thomas Brocklesbank, Joseph Cart-tar, Ambrose Chatfield, John Evelyn, George Evelyn, Charles Ferguson, Robert Ferguson, Matthew Finch, Charles David Gordon, Samuel Gardner, Reverend T. W. McGuire (Clerk), John Hill, John Hill-

man, James Jacobs, John Mason, William Morrison, Thomas Marshall, Thomas Oswald, John Oswald, Edward Oswald, Stephen Parrell, John David Rolt, Peter Rolt, John Sandom, John Sewer, Thomas Shipman, Thomas Todd, William Whiffin, and William Young, and their Successors, being Persons inhabiting, occupying, possessing, or entitled unto Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Parish of Saint Paul Deptford in the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and also Edward George Barnard, Nicholas Chemi-nant, James Hall, John Hodgkin, Richard Hughes the elder, Thomas Roberts, and William Warrington, and their Successors, being Persons inhabiting, occupying, possessing, or entitled unto Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford in the said County of Kent, to be appointed in manner hereafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Trustees for putting this Act into Execution; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Matters, and Things by this Act given to or directed to be done by or before the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised, had, and done by the major Part of the said Trustees who shall be present at the respective Meetings of the said Trustees, the whole Number of Trustees present not being less than Three; and all Acts, Matters, and Things, when so done, shall be of as full force and effect as if done or executed by or before all the said Trustees.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act and the said last recited Act into Execution, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the last recited Act is directed and prescribed, and unless, being so qualified, he shall before he shall act as a Trustee (except in administering the Oath mentioned in the last recited Act, and the Oath hereinafter mentioned) take and subscribe before any One or more of the said [Local.'] 20 F Trustees

Bermondsey

Rotherhithe.

St. Paul, Deptford.

St. Nicholas, Deptford.

Trustees to be qualified as directed by the General Turnpike Act, and to be sworn.

1770

New Trustees to be appointed on Vacancies by Death or otherwise.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

Trustees an Oath, or being a Quaker an Affirmation, in the Words or to

the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do affirm], That I will honestly and impartially, according to the best of my Judgment, execute the < several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by ‘ virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty ‘ King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, &c. [here insert the Title of ‘ this Act], and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His 1 said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being 1 for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England.

'So help me GOD.* ‘ Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words, ‘ So help me God/

Which Oath or Affirmation any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer j and if any Person shall presume to act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said last-mentioned Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Acts and Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Number of the said Persons so appointed Trustees as aforesaid, as inhabiting, occupying, possessing, or entitled unto Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within any of the said several Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Saint Mary Rotherhithe, Saint Paul Deptford, and Saint Nicholas Deptford, shall by Death or Refusal to act, or by ceasing to inhabit, occupy, possess, or be entitled unto any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within any of the said Parishes, or by any of such Trustees becoming Bankrupt or Insolvent, or otherwise disqualified to act, be reduced to the Number of Thirty-four Persons for the said Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, or of Twenty-six Persons for the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, or of Twenty-two Persons for the Parish of Saint Paul Deptford, or of Four Persons for the said Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford; then it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Three or more of them, by Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals from Time to Time (at a Meeting to be held on the First Tuesday in the Month of August in every Year) to elect and appoint so many fit Persons inhabiting, occupying, possessing, or entitled unto Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said several Parishes respectively, as will preserve and keep the Number of Trustees inhabiting, occupying, possessing, or entitled to Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, to the Number of Thirty*

7 four ‘r

1771

4° GEORGII IV. Cfl/?.lxxxiv.

four j within the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, to the Number of Twenty-six; within the Parish of Saint Paul Deptford, to the Number of Twenty-two; and within the said Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford, to the Number of Four; and every Person who shall be so elected and appointed a Trustee shall and may act with the surviving and remaining Trustees in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been named and appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any or Trustees to either of the Trustees herein-before named (except Justices of the Peace) shall, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the passing of ^jont'hs> this Act, or in case any Person or Persons hereafter elected and appointed a Trustee shall, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from the Day of his or their Election, neglect to take or subscribe the respective Oaths herein-before directed to be taken and subscribed, before he or they presume to act in the Execution of this Act, such Neglect shall be deemed a Refusal to act on the Part of the Person or Persons so elected a Trustee or Trustees; and it shall be lawful to and for the remaining Trustees, at the Meeting to be held on the first Tuesday in the Month of August next ensuing the Expiration of the said Twelve Calendar Months, to elect and appoint in manner herein-before mentioned, some other Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Room of such Person or Persons so neglecting to take such Oaths as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, and the Mort- Trustees, &e.

gagee and Mortgagees, Farmer, and Collectors of the said Tolls, and the not disquali-Treasurer and Clerk and Surveyor under this Act shall not, nor shall be*

any or either of them, be disqualified from giving his or their Testimony ^iLes. "

or Evidence in any Action, Suit, or other legal Proceedings under this Act, by reason of being such Trustee, Mortgagee, Farmer, Collector, Treasurer,

Clerk, or Surveyor.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Roads by this Act Style of the authorized to be repaired, shall be distinguished and known by the Name Trustee*, of the Bermondsey, Rotherhithe, and Deptford Roads, and the said Trustees shall be styled the Trustees of the Bermondsey, Rotherhithe, and Deptford Roads.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said Trus- First and tees for executing this Act shall be holden in the Committee Room of the other Meet-Workhouse of the said Parish of Bermondsey in the said County of Surrey, in§9-

or at some other convenient House or Place in the said County, on Monday the First Day of September next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, or as soon after as conveniently may be j and the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall and may adjourn themselves to meet at any Place or Places on or near the said Roads, and at such Time or Times as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them present at any Meeting, shall appoint.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may To appoiat be lawful to and for the said Trustees from Time to Time, at any General Committee*. Meeting, to appoint or depute any Number of the Trustees executing

this

1772

For appointing Officers.

Treasurer and Clerk not to be the same Person.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

this Act, to be a Committee to treat for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rights, and Property for the Widening or Improvement of the said Roads, or any of them, or for superintending any Works or Proceedings authorized, directed, or required to be done by such or any previous General Meeting of the said Trustees; and also to authorize such Committee or Committees to conclude any Agreement for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rights, or Property, with the Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons interested or entitled to the same; and also to give such Orders and Directions respecting the Works or Proceedings so authorized, directed, or required to be done, as to such Committee or Committees shall seem expedient, or to authorize such Committee to report their Proceedings from Time to Time to the Trustees at some subsequent General Meeting or Meetings; and all and every such Committee and Committees shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time as they may think fit; and all Agreements, Orders, and Directions made, entered into, or given by any such Committee or Committees respecting the Matters so deputed or referred to them, shall be as valid and effectual as if made at any General Meeting of the said Trustees: Provided always, that no such Agreement, Order, or Direction shall be made, entered into, or given by any Committee to be appointed as aforesaid, unless Three Trustees shall be present thereat, and that a Majority of the Trustees present at the respective Meetings of such Committee or Committees shall concur therein.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall and may, at their first or any subsequent Meeting to be held pursuant to this Act, elect and appoint, or continue, a Treasurer or Treasurers, and a Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors of all Monies to be collected, or which shall be due and payable under or by virtue of this Act, and also shall appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think necessary; and the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time, at any General Meeting, remove all such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, or other Officers, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others in their Stead; and the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall and may, out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act make such Allowance unto the Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers so appointed and continued, for and in consideration of the Care and Pains respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Persons as have or shall be employed or shall be assisting in the Execution of this Act, as to them the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall seem reasonable.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks of the said Trustees; and if

any

1773

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the present Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyors, and Collectors of the Tolls arising upon the said Roads, and other Officers appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, for the Care and Management of or relating to the said Roads or any of them, shall and they are hereby authorized to act in the Execution of this Act, until they shall be removed or others appointed in their Stead.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have been employed to receive, or who shall have received any Tolls or other Monies under or by virtue or on account of the Acts hereby repealed, or shall have in his or their Custody or Possession any Vouchers, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired or any of them, shall, when required so to do, account for and deliver the same to the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as are directed with respect to any Officer or Person appointed under this Act, or by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons owing any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, shall be liable to the Payment thereof to the Trustees for executing this Act, in such and in the like Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as any Sum or Sums of Money which may become due to the said Trustees under or by virtue of this Act may be raised, recovered, or levied i and all Conveyances, Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities, made to or by, or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, shall remain in full force and effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and in Equity, until the same be fully satisfied and performed on account and for the Benefit of the Trust under this Act, in the same Manner as if such Conveyances, Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities had been entered into by such Person or Persons under and by virtue of this Act, and with the Trustees hereby appointed; and all Lettings of Tolls, Contracts, Agreements, or Notices, made, entered into, or given by the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts to or with any Person or Persons, or for any other Purpose, shall remain in full force and effect,

\Local.~\ 20 G and

Present Offi-

pointed.

Officersunder former Act to account.

All Persons owing any Money to continue liable, and all Bonds, Contracts, &c. to remain in force.

4° GEORGII IV. C«/>.lxxxiv.

and be observed and kept by the Trustees for executing this Act, and by the other respective Parties thereto, according, to the Terms, Stipulations and the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the doing and performing all or any of the Works authorized or directed to be done and performed by the said Trustees, and which Contract shall specify the several Works to be done, a,nd the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times within which the same Works are to be performed and completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof; and also by the Persons contracting to perform the same respectively: Provided also, that if the said Trustees shall be of Opinion that it will not be of advantage to the said Trustees to contract with the Person or Persons offering the lowest Price, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to contract with such other Person or Persons as they shall think proper.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to continue or take down all or any of the Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, now or hereafter to be erected in, upon, or across any of the Roads by this Act authorized to be repaired, or on the Side or Sides thereof; and also to erect or cause to be erected such Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes in, upon, or across any of the Roads, or upon or near the Side or Sides thereof, across any Street, Lane, or Way leading into the same, as they shall think proper; and also to continue the Gate or Bars now erected and set up in, upon, or near to a certain Bridge situate at the East End of Jacob Street in the said Parish of Bermondsey, and in, upon, or across the Way called Ber-mondsey Wall, between Nutkin's Corner and Mill Street in the said Parish; and to continue or erect a Toll House adjoining or near to the said respective Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes, or such of them as they shall think proper (except as by this Act is otherwise particularly provided) and the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at all such Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes, (except at the Turnpike Gates or Bars erected at Fort Place in the said Parish of Bermondsey, or any Turnpike or Bar to be erected on the Road leading from The Hand and Mary-gold or Stones End in Bermondsey Street to the Turnpike at Saint Thomas-a-Waterings, as lies within the said Parish of Bermondsey as aforesaid), before any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same; that is to say,

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Coach* Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, Hearse, Chair, or other such like Carriage, not being a Stage Coach or other such like public Carriage or Caravan or Carriage travelling for Hire, Sixpence:

For every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Stage Coach or other such like public Carriage or Caravan travelling for Hire, Threepence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, Four-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, 5 Wain,

1775

4" GEORGII IV. Cffjs.lxxxiv.

Wain, Cart, Dray, or such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, Eight-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, Dray, or such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, if drawn by Two or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, One Shilling:

But in case any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or such like Carriage shall be drawn only by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, then

For such Horse or other Beast of Draught, Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, not drawing. Three-pence:

For every Ox or other Neat Cattle, One Penny:

For every Calf, Hog, Wether, Sheep, or Lamb, One Farthing.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and are Tolls to be hereby authorized and empowered to continue or take down the present «^*np^ce Toll Gates, Bars, or^Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, now or hereafter to be ace* erected at or near Fort Place, in, upon, or across the said Road leading from The Hand and Marygold or Stones End in the said Parish of Bermondsey, to Saint Thomas-a-Waterings, called the Grange Road, and also to erect or cause to be erected such Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes, in, upon, or across such Part of the said Road, called The Grange Road, as lies within the said Parish of Bermondsey, or upon or near the Side or Sides thereof, across any Street, Lane, or Way leading into the same, as they shall think proper; and to continue or erect a Toll House adjoining or near to the said respective Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes, or such of them as they shall think proper; and the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at the said Toll Gates erected at Fort Place aforesaid, and at all such other Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes as shall hereafter be erected upon or across such Part of the said Road called The Grange Road, leading from The Hand and Marygold or Stones End in Bermondsey Street to Saint Thomas-a-Waterings aforesaid, as lies within the said Parish of Bermondsey, before any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same; that is to say,

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, drawing or not drawing, Two-pence:

For every Ox or other Neat Cattle, One Penny:

For every Calf, Hog, Wether, Sheep, or Lamb, One Farthing.

XXIII. And whereas it would be a great Accommodation to the Public An additional if the said Roads, or certain Parts thereof, were watered at particular Toll maybe Times and Seasons of the Year; be it further enacted, That it shall be ^atedn^the lawful for the said Trustees, at any Time or Times between the First Day Road. g

of April and the First Day of November in every Year, to order and direct such Part or Parts of the said Roads by this Act authorized to be repaired, as they shall think fit, to be watered when and as often as they shall think fit; and it shall also be lawful for the said Trustees, and their Lessees, Collectors, and Receivers, to take, collect, levy, and receive, for every Horse or other Beast, laden or unladen, drawing or not drawing, the Sum of One Penny over and above the Tolls granted by this Act, provided that such additional Toll shall only be paid and payable on those Parts of the said Roads which shall be actually watered by the said Trustees.

1776

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

Carts not to

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Cart,

pass more Waggon, or other Carriage, laden with Bricks, Tiles, Timber, Iron,

Bav without* Lead, Wood, Clay, Coals, Corn, Grain, Stones, Brick Earth, Rubbish, paying a Soil, Sand, Bark or Tan, or Ashes, or any Dray, shall be permitted to

fresh Toll. pass through any of the said Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes, more than

Twice in any one Day, without paying again the like Tolls as if the same had not already passed through any of such Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes, except such Carts or Waggons as shall be employed and used in carrying and conveying Materials for the repairing and amending the said Roads, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; but nevertheless, the said Tolls, in respect of any such Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, or for the Horse or Horses or other Beasts drawing the same, shall not be required, demanded, or taken more than Twice in any one Day.

Tolls vested

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective in Trustees. Tolls, and all other Tolls by this Act granted or authorized to be collected, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act.

Tolls to be

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority paidbutOnce aforesaid. That any Person who shall have paid the Tolls hereby granted, a Day. or the said Trustees shall agree to accept in lieu thereof, at any

of the Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act (other and except on such Part of the Road leading from the Hand and Marygold or Stones End in Bermondsey Street towards 5/. Thomas-a-Waterings, called The Grange Road, as lies within the said Parish of Bermondsey), shall on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night) be permitted to pass and repass any Time or Times as often as he or she shall think proper through the same Toll Gate or Turnpike, or through all or any other Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes, or Toll Gate, Bar, or Turnpike, which shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of the same Horses, Beasts, or Cattle, for which such Tolls shall have been so paid, except as aforesaid and as by this Act is otherwise directed : And that any Person who shall have paid the Tolls hereby granted and payable at the Gate or Gates on the said Road leading from the Hand and Marygold or Stones End in Bermondsey Street to Saint Thomas-a-Waterings aforesaid, called The Grange Road, for or in respect of any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, shall, on the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid, be permitted to pass and repass any Time or Times as often as he or she shall think proper, through the same Toll Gate or Turnpike, or through all or any other Toll Gate or Turnpike which shall be then standing upon the said last-mentioned Road, called The Grange Road, or on the Sides of the said last-mentioned Road (except as by this Act is otherwise directed), for or in respect of the same Horse, Beast, or Cattle, for which such Tolls shall have been so paid: And that no Person passing any of the said Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes, with any Horses not drawing a Carriage, and paying a Toll for such Horses, and returning the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid) with the same Horses drawing a Carriage, shall be subject or liable to pay any greater Toll in respect of the Horse or Cattle drawing such Carriage, than will, with what shall have been paid for such Horses or

Cattle

1777

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

Cattle as aforesaid, make up the complete Toll authorized to be collected for the Horses or Cattle drawing such Carriage by virtue of this Act, such Persons respectively producing a Note or Ticket denoting such respective Payments.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees not Trustees shall not set up, erect, place, or continue any Turnpike Gate or ,p^ggCt^u,n' Bar upon or across any of the said Roads, unless such Trustees, or the Jritho,ut ap_ Lessees of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken for the Time being, pointing a shall appoint a proper Person to reside or be at and collect the Tolls Collector payable at such Gate, unless such Bar shall be within Sight or Hearing of tl,ereat* any Toll House.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Stage lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized to demand {^letopay and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, the Toll payable by virtue everyTmieof of this Act, in respect of every Horse or Mule drawing any Stage Coach, passing.

or other public Carriage or Conveyance, or any Caravan or Carriage travelling for Hire (except Post Chaises), every Time such Coach or other public Carriage as aforesaid shall pass and repass along the said Roads included in this Act, or any or either of them, and to order and direct that the Tolls hereby granted for and in respect of all Post Horses or Mules drawing any Post Chaise or other such Carriage, shall be paid every Time they shall pass along or upon the said Roads, or any or either of them, in case of a fresh Hiring of such Post Chaise or other such Carriage.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Tolls on and for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded

and taken, the Toll payable by virtue of this Act, in respect of every °ac Horse or Mule drawing any Hackney Coach or Hackney Chariot, every Time any such Hackney Coach or Hackney Chariot shall pass through any of the said Gates with any Fare, unless the Person or Persons inside such Coach or Chariot, or other Person or Persons hiring the same, shall produce a Ticket or Tickets, denoting that such 'loll has been paid on that Day, for and in respect of the Horse or Horses, Mule or Mules, drawing any such Coach or Chariot; and each and every Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to deliver to the Person or Persons in the Inside of such Coach or Chariot, or other Person or Persons hiring the same, a Ticket denoting the Payment of the said Toll; and in case any such Collector or Collectors shall refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket gratis to such Person or Persons, then and in every such Case such Collector or Collectors shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, nor less than Ten Shillings.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That the Certain Toll* Tolls to be collected and paid at any Turnpike or Turnpikes, Bar or toberetum-Bars, Gate or Gates, now erected or to be erected or placed upon or e *

across the said Roads, or any or either of them, lor or in respect of any Horse or Beast drawing any Waggon or Cart employed by the Commissioners for paving, lighting, and watching the Waterside Division of the said Parish of Bermondsey, or for paving or cleansing the said Parishes [Local'] 20 H of

1778

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

of Saint Mary Rot her hi the, and Saint Paul and St. Nicholas Deptford, or either of them, or by any Scavenger or Dustman in their respective Employ or Service, shall be repaid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for Paving, or to their said Scavenger, on Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees assembled at any Meeting, as the said Trustees shall think fit, of the actual Payment of such Tolls, and that such Waggon or Cart was bond fide employed by the said Commissioners, or their said Scavenger, in removing the Dust or Ashes from the Houses of the Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes.

Tolls to be a

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls to be collected under ^curity for an(j virtue of this Act shall be and the same are hereby made subrowed °r" Ject an£* liable to the Repayment of all and every Sum and Sums of Money borrowed, and all other Monies now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads by any of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, and all Interest due and to become due for the same, in such and the same manner as if all such Money had been borrowed'by and become due from the said Trustees under the Powers of this Act.

Tolls may be

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Consent Jf ^0r sa^ Trustees from Time to Time, and as often as they shall think Creditors. proper, at any General Meeting, to lessen, alter, or reduce all or any of the Tolls hereby made payable, for such Time as they shall think proper, by and with the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Two-thirds of the Money which may be due and owing on the Credit of such Tolls, and to raise or restore again the Tolls so lessened, altered, or reduced, or any Part thereof, so that the same do never exceed the Tolls hereby granted; and the Tolls so lessened, altered, or reduced, or raised again, shall be collected or recovered in the same manner, and be subject to the same Penalties on Nonpayment or Evasion of Payment, and to the like Rules and Regulations, as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected or recovered, or are subject or liable to.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound and agree with the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty's Navy, for the passing of any Coach, Chariot, Cart, Wain, or other Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, belonging to or employed by any of the Principal Officers or Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy or Victualling, or by their Secretaries, or the Officers of His Majesty's Dock Yard at Deptford, or the Officers of His Majesty's Victualling Premises at Deptford, and their and every of their Officers, Clerks, Messengers, Workmen, or Servants, through all or any of the Toll Gates erected or to be erected across the said Roads, or the Sides thereof, for such Period as the said Commissioners and the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, may agree, and also to compound and agree with any Surveyor of the Highways, or Commissioners or other Persons having the Jurisdiction of the Highways of any Parish, for the Removal or Discontinuance of all or any of the Turnpike Gates within any of the said Parishes through which the said Roads do pass, or for the Passage of any Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, 6 belonging

Trustees may compound with His Majesty's Commissioners for the Navy and others for Tolls.

1779

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxir.

belonging to all or any of the Inhabitants of any such Parish, or going to or from the Premises occupied by any such Inhabitant, and also to compound and agree with any Bodies Politic or Corporate for the Passage of any Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, travelling on the said Roads, through all or any of such Toll Gates, for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, which said last-mentioned Compositions shall be paid by such Surveyor, Commissioners, or other Persons having the Jurisdiction of the Highways of any Parish, and by the said Bodies Politic or Corporate, so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as shall be agreed upon at the Time of entering into such Compositions; and in default of such Payment, the Composition or Agreement with the said Surveyor, Commissioners, or other Persons having the Jurisdiction of the Highways, Bodies Politic or Corporate, making such default, shall from thenceforth (in case the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall think fit) be void; and all such Composition Money shall be applied in such manner as the said Tolls are hereby directed to be applied.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Turnpike, How Toll Toll Gate, or Bar, shall hereafter be erected across or on the Side of any

of the said Roads, unless the same shall be ordered by the Trustees at a General Meeting, of which Ten Days Public Notice shall have been given in Writing affixed upon all the Toll Gates erected on the said Roads, and also published in some Public Newspaper circulated in that Part of the County, specifying the Place where such Toll Gate is proposed to be erected, and unless Five Trustees at least, being a Majority of those present, shall sign the said Order at such Meeting.

XXXV. Provided always, That none of the Toll Gates, Bars, or Turn- No Turnpike pikes now standing or hereafter to be erected across or on the Sides of tobeamoved the said Roads shall be taken down or removed, except by Order of orde^made the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, made at some Meeting at Meetings, to be holden in pursuance of this Act, of which Ten Days Notice in Writing (specifying the Business to be done at such Meeting) shall be affixed

on all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then standing upon or on the Sides of the said Roads.

XXXVI. And whereas by an Act made and passed in the Forty-second The Annual Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled Suni of 1501. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty-first Tear of the Reign JJ^Xnistees* of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End of the Dart-in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George Southwark, to Dartford, and ford Road. other Roads therein mentioned in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for 42G. 3. C. 63. more effectually repairing and impro-ving the said Roads, and for lighting

and watching or guarding the same, and also for increasing the Compositions payable in lieu of Statute Duty by the Parishes of East Greenwich and St.

Paul Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads, it is enacted, that the Trustees for the Care of the Roads thereby directed to be repaired, or any Five or more of them, or their Treasurer for the Time being, should, and they were thereby respectively authorized and required from Time to Time during the Term granted by the said last-mentioned Act, out of the Money arising by virtue of the said Act, to pay to the Trustees for putting in Execution the several Powers granted in and by the said Act

1780

Application of Tolls and other Monies;

Trustees authorized to receive Money from the Commissioners of Pavements, &c. towards widening, altering, or improving the Roads.

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxxxiv.

Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, or to any Five or more of the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, the Annual Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, by equal Half-yearly Payments, upon the Twenty-fifth Day of December and the Twenty-fourth Day of June in every Year, which Money should be applied as well in repairing and keeping in repair the said Road leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street to St. Thomas-a-JVaterings, by the said Act transferred to the said Trustees for putting into Execution the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, as the several Roads which then were or should be under their Direction, Care or Management; be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees for executing this Act shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to receive from the Treasurer to the said Trustees, for the Care of the said Roads directed to be repaired by the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, the said Annual Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, upon the several Days and in the Manner the same is made payable by the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of His late Majesty, to be applied to and for the Uses and Purposes of this present Act, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Tolls and other Monies raised by virtue of the said former Acts and now in the Treasurer’s Hands, and all the Tolls and other Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, shall be applied in the First Place, and in preference to all other Payments whatsoever, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences incident to or in anywise relating to obtaining and passing this Act; in the Payment of Interest upon the Money borrowed or to be borrowed, or any Annuities granted in pursuance of this Act; in continuing, erecting, and supporting and lighting the several Toll Gates, Bars, Turnpikes, Toll Houses, Buildings, Lamps, and Lamp Posts, to be continued, erected, supported, or lighted by virtue of this Act; in paying the Salaries and Allowances to the several Clerks, Collectors, Surveyors, Superintendants, and other Officers and Servants to be employed under this Act; in paying and defraying all other Charges and Expences to be incurred or occasioned in or relating to the Execution of this Act; and in discharging all Bills, Warrants, and Mortgages, as are now due or shall hereafter become due from the said Trustees, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And whereas the widening, altering, and improving of the Roads by this Act directed to be repaired and maintained will require a considerable Sum of Money, and the Tolls by this Act directed to be taken may not be sufficient to effect the same; and inasmuch as the Inhabitants of the East Division of the Borough of Southwark, and of the several Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey and Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, and of the said Parishes of Saint Paul Deptford and Saint Nicholas Deptford in the County of Kent, will be benefited and accommodated by the widening, altering, and improving the said Roads, and may be willing to contribute towards the Expences thereof; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to receive and accept of and from the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Controul of the Pavements or the Footpaths, or any Part of the Pavements or Footpaths, of

or

1781

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

or in the said Parishes in which the said Roads hereby directed to be repaired and maintained shall be situate, and of and from the Commissioners for paving the East Division of the Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and of and from the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes herein-before named, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as the said respective Commissioners or Inhabitants may be willing to contribute, for the Purpose of widening, altering, or improving the said Roads.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Autho- Trustees not. rities hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to jjouros empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwel- Out Consent, ling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Paddock,

Planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any enclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof first had and obtained.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Lessee Tenants at for a Year, or from Year to Year, of any of the Premises which shall or Will to deli-may be purchased by the said Trustees under or by virtue of the Powers ver Posses-, and Authorities contained in the said recited Act passed in the last Ses- jj^.

sion of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in tice> being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called 3G.4. c. 126. England, shall deliver up Possession of such Premises to the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive Possession of the same, upon having Six Calendar Months Notice to quit and deliver up such Possession, from the Clerk to the said Trustees, or from the Person or Persons who shall be authorized by them to receive such Possession; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with reference to the Time or Times of such Tenants holding or not, or so soon after as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up Possession of the said Premises to the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or the Person or Persons authorized by them to receive the Possession thereof (such Authority to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them), and in case any such Tenant or Lessee, or any Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, (all reasonable Satisfaction being first made or tendered), it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said Counties of Surrey or Kent, in which the Premises shall be situate, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the Issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts, on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods:

Provided always, that incase any Dispute shall arise touching the Amount of such Satisfaction as aforesaid, then the same shall be ascertained, settled, and determined by a Jury, as by the last recited Act is directed in cases of \Local^\ ao / ascertaining

1782

Mortgagees to convey on Tender of Principal and Six Months Interest.

Power for the Trustees to remove the Gates at Ja-cob Streetand Nutkins Cor-

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

ascertaining and making Compensation or Satisfaction for Lands to be taken by virtue of such Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, required to be purchased by the said Trustees, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall on Tender of the Principal Money and Interest by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint, together with Six Calendar Months Interest thereon; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Trustees, or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on such Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, then and in such case, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, upon Payment or Tender of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer his, her, or their Interest in the Premises to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Three or more of them shall appoint in trust for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid, on such Payment or Tender, then and in such case, all Interest on every such Mortgage or Mortgages shall from thenceforth cease and determine: Provided always, that in case the Sum due on such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises, to be ascertained in the manner directed by the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Turnpike Roads in England, then and in such cases the said Trustees shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than the real Value of such Premises, to be ascertained as aforesaid : Provided also, that in case any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall neglect or refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid, then, upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any such Mortgage or Mortgages, or the real Value of such Premises, to be ascertained as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Bank of England shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is directed in or by the said recited Act for regulating Turnpike Roads in England in case of other Payments into the Bank, and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person or Persons in trust for him, her, or them, shall vest in the said Trustees, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to take down and remove the Gates or Bars now erected and set up in, upon, or near to the said Bridge situate at the East End of Jacob Street in the said Parish of Bermondsey, and in, upon, or across the said Way called Bermondsey IVail, between 4 Nutkins

4° GEORGII IV. Co/>.lxxxiv.

Nutkmt Corner and Mill Street, in the said Parish, and in lieu of the said Bars or Gates so taken down and removed, by and with the Consent of the Commissioners for putting into Execution an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for better cleansings lightings and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Passages, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, called the Waterside Division, and for removing and -preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for lighting and watching certain Parts of or belonging to the Turnpike Road leading from the East End of New Street, in Southwark, to Deptford in the County of Kent, within the said Waterside Division of the said Parish therein mentioned, to erect or set up any other Bar or Bars, Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in, upon, or across any other of the Streets, Lanes, or Places comprised or mentioned in the said last recited Act, as they the said Trustees and Commissioners shall mutually agree upon; and in like manner to remove such new Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, to any other Place or Places within the said Waterside Division of the said Parish of Bermondsey, as often as the said Trustees and Commissioners may think necessary and expedient; and the same and the like Tolls as are hereby authorized to be demanded and received at the said Toll Gates or Bars at the said Bridge at the East End of Jacob Street and .Nutkins Corner, shall be demanded and taken at each and every of the said new Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, before any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the same.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees to light the several Toll Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes, and Direction Posts, already erected, built, or set up, or to be erected, built, or set up, or continued, on the Roads by this Act authorized to be repaired, or any of them, and to pay and defray the Expence of such lighting by and out of the Tolls by this Act granted.

XLIV. And whereas several Parts of the said Roads are now paved, and other Parts thereof may be hereafter required to be paved, and it may be proper that Power should be given for the Commissioners appointed for putting into Execution the Acts of Parliament for paving, lighting, and watching certain Parts of the said Parishes of Bermondsey, Rotherhithe, and Deptford, and the said Trustees, to agree together for any Works necessary to be done on the said Roads; be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees or any Three or more of them may, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time at any of their Meetings, as occasion shall require, to contract with the said respective Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, for paving, raising, making, altering, and keeping in repair any Part of the, said Turnpike Roads, or for exonerating the said Trustees therefrom, for such Time or Times, upon such Terms and Conditions, for such Sum or Sums of Money, Annual or in Gross, and in such Manner and Form, as they the said Trustees shall think fit.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all new or complete Mains of Pipes (not being Service Pipes fitted to any House or Building) for the Conveyance of Water or Inflammable Air or Gas, which after the passing of this Act shall be laid down beneath the Surface of any of the Roads

1783

25 G. 3.C. 23.

Trustees may light Toll Houses, &c.

Trustees empowered to contract with the Commissioners of Paving.

Mains of Water and GasPipes,&c. to be made of Iron, and not

1784

to be laid down

between Michaelmas and Ladyday.

Restrictionas to breaking up Roads by Water or Gas Company,&c.

Notice to be given of breaking up Roads.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

by this Act authorized to be repaired, by or on account of any Water or Gas Light Company, and whether such new or complete Main of Pipes shall or shall not be substituted for or added to any other complete Main or Mains of Pipes for the Conveyance of Water or Inflammable Air or Gas, theretofore laid down for the Conveyance of Water or Inflammable Air or Gas, shall consist and be made of Iron alone, and of no other Material; and that the Ground, Soil, or Pavement of or in any of the Roadsby this Act authorized to be repaired, or of any Part thereof, shall not be broken or taken up for the Purpose of laying down any Main of Pipes for the Conveyance of Water or Inflammable Air or Gas at any Time between the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, and the Twenty-fifth Day of March in the following Year, without the Consent in Writing of the said Trustees or any Three or more of them; and that if any Water or Gas Light Company, or any other Person, shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any such Ground, Soil, or Pavement for the Purposes aforesaid, during the Time aforesaid, or shall lay or cause to be laid down any Pipe or Pipes consisting or made of any Materials in Violation of this Act, then and in every such Case the Company or other Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Square Foot of Ground, Soil, or Pavement, which shall be so broken or taken up by them, or on their Authority; and the like Sum for every Foot in length of Pipe which shall be so laid down not consisting or made of Iron as aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Water or Gas Light Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of them or any of them, or on their Account, to break, or take up, or disturb, or cause to be broken, or taken up, or disturbed, the Ground, Soil, or Pavement in any of the said Roads, for the Purpose of laying down any Mains or Pipes (except Service Pipes of a Diameter not exceeding One Inch in the Bore, or except in Cases of sudden Emergency), without the Consent in Writing of the said Trustees, signified under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other proper Officer or Officers, first obtained; but that nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or construed to prevent the said Company from laying down, repairing, or altering such Main or Pipes, after such Consent obtained as aforesaid, or from laying down, repairing, or altering any Service Pipes or Apparatus leading from such Main Pipes, after such Consent obtained as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That after such Consent as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful to or for any Water or Gas Light Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to break, or take up, or disturb, or cause to be broken, or taken up, or disturbed, the Ground, Soil, or Pavement in the said Roads or any Part thereof, for the Purpose of laying down or repairing any Main Pipe or Pipes (except Service Pipes as aforesaid), or of altering the Position of any such Main Pipe or Pipes (except as aforesaid), unless Notice in Writing of their Intention to break or take up such Ground, Soil, or Pavement, signed by the Clerk, or Inspector, or Surveyor to such Company, specifying the Road and particular Part of such Road in which such Ground, Soil, or Pavement is intended to be broken or taken up, shall have been given to the Clerk to the said Trustees, or shall have been left for him at his

Dwelling

1785

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

Dwelling House or Office for the Space of Twelve Hours at the least before such Ground, Soil, or Pavement, or any Part thereof, shall be so broken or taken up (except in all Cases of sudden Emergency, in which such Notice as aforesaid shall be given to such Clerk to the said Trustees immediately after such Ground, Soil, or Pavement, or any Part thereof, shall be broken or taken up); and that if such Company or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, shall break, or take up, or disturb, or cause to be broken, taken up, or disturbed, any such Ground, Soil, or Pavement, without Consent being obtained as aforesaid, and such Notice being given or left as aforesaid (except as aforesaid), or shall break, or take up, or disturb, or cause to be broken, taken up, or disturbed, any such Ground, Soil, or Pavement for the Purpose of laying down any Main or Mains, without such Consent as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Company shall forfeit and pay to the said Trustees the Sum of Five Pounds for every Square Yard of Ground, Soil, or Pavement, to be measured upon the Surface thereof, which shall be so broken or taken up without such Consent and Notice as aforesaid (except as aforesaid).

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Company or other Persons, in laying or repairing any such Mains, Pipes, Plugs, Cocks, Stopcocks, Syphons, Branches, or other Apparatus, shall do as little Damage as may be to the Roads, or the Ground, Footpath, or Pavement thereof, or otherwise, and shall forthwith fill in the Trenches, and reinstate and make good the said Roads, Footpath, or Pavements in as good State or Condition as the same was or were in at the Time of being so broken up; and every such Company or other Persons shall carry away the old Pipes and Materials, and the surplus Earth or Rubbish occasioned by such Works, without any Delay, and shall, during the Performance of such Works, fence, guard, and light the Place or Places where any Ground shall be opened, in such manner as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages; the same several and respective Works and Repairs to be done under the Superintendance, and to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Trustees executing this Act: Provided also, that if any such Company, or any of their Agents or Servants, or other Person or Persons, shall not, within Twenty-four Hours next after Notice given to or left for such Company, or other Persons, in their respective Houses or Offices, fill in such Ground, or carry away the old Pipes, surplus Earth, or Rubbish, or make good any such Roads, Footpath, or Pavement as aforesaid, or fence, guard, and light the Place where any such Ground shall be opened as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, to fill in such Ground, and remove such old Pipes and Materials, surplus Earth and Rubbish, and repair and make good any Road, Footpath, or Pavement so broken up, and to fence, guard, and light such Places so opened as aforesaid, and the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof shall be paid by such Company or their Treasurer, or by such Person or Persons, as the Case may be, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Surveyor; and in default of Payment thereof for Ten Days next after Demand shall be made by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, (Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices of the £■Local'] 20 K Peace

Roads to b* made good when Pipe* are laid.

1786 4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Wxriv.

Peace for the said Counties of Surrey or Kent, in which the Road, Footpath, or Pavement broken up shall be situate, as the Case may be), all such reasonable Costs and Charges, together with any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds by way of Penalty, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Company or other Persons, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices, which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, and such Costs, Charges, and Penalty shall be paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer.

XIJX. And be it further enacted, That such Mains or Pipes shall be laid Twelve Inches at the least below the Surface of the Ground, to be measured from the upper Side of such Mains or Pipes, and such Mains or Pipes shall be laid on the Sides of the said Roads, and as near to the Footpaths as conveniently may be, (or in the Footpaths if the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall think proper), unless in such Cases where the Intervention of a Common Sewer, or other unavoidable Hindrance or Obstruction, shall make a Deviation absolutely necessary, or where it shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying any Main of Pipes across the said Roads, for the Purpose of Communication from One Main Pipe to another; and that no Pipe or Pipes shall be laid down under the said Roads which shall in any Manner prevent the draining of Water off the said Roads.

Pipes to be laid on Sides of Roads, and no Pipes to be laid which shall prevent the draining the Water off the Roads.

Trustees may L. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall appear reqmreRepair to the said Trustees that any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, Stopcock, o ipes, c. p]Ug? or other Thing belonging to any Water or Gas Light Company, be broken or damaged, or in want of Repair or Alteration, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause Notice to be given in Writing, signed by their Clerk, to the Company to whom such Main, Pipe, Stopcock, Plug, or other Thing, doth or may belong, by either giving such Notice to a Clerk or Secretary, or to a Turncock of such Company, or to some or one of them, or by leaving the same at the Place or Places of Abode of some or one of them, or at the Office or Counting House of such Company, requiring that such Mains, Pipe, Stopcock, Plug, or other Thing, be forthwith repaired, altered, amended, or renewed by such Company; and that within Forty-eight Hours after such Notice shall be so given or left as aforesaid, the said Company to or from whom or to or for whose Officer or Servant such Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, shall cause to be taken up the Ground, Soil, or Pavement beneath which the Main, Pipe, Stopcock, Plug, or other defective Thing shall be, and shall cause the Ground to be opened, and also cause the said Main, Pipe, Stopcock, Plug, or other Thing, to be substantially repaired, altered, amended, or renewed, and the Ground, Soil, or Pavement properly filled in with hard Rubbish, or other good Materials, and rammed down, and reinstated within Forty-eight Hours next after such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, or with all convenient Expedition in the Judgment of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and to their Satisfaction; 'and also within Twelve Hours after such Main, Pipe, Stopcock, Plug, or other Thing, shall be so substantially repaired, altered, amended, or renewed, and the Ground, Soil, or Pavement above the same shall be so filled in and rammed down, and reinstated, the said 6 Company

4° GEORGII IV, Cop*Jxxxiv.

Comp any shall cause Notice thereof to be given to the said Trustees, that such Reparation, Alteration, Amendment, or Renewal hath been made, and that the Ground, Soil, or Pavement hath been refilled, rammed down, and reinstated, in the Manner directed by this Act; and in case the said Water or Gas Company, to or for whom such Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, and to whom such Main, Pipe, Stopcock, Plug, or other Thing referred to in such Notice shall belong, shall neglect to cause the same to be repaired, altered, or amended or renewed, as the Case may be, and the Ground, Soil, or Pavement to be filled in, and rammed down, and reinstated to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, in Manner and within the Time aforesaid, or shall neglect to give or cause to be given Notice thereof as aforesaid, then the said Company shall for the first Neglect and Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the Second Neglect and Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Flight Pounds, and for the Third and every subsequent Neglect and Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Water Company, or any Per- For regulation or Persons whose Mains or Pipes shall be laid beneath the Surface of ing Stand the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall place or set up, or cause or suffer C«ltiduring to be placed or set up, any Stand Cock, or Pump, or other Instrument, r Machine, or Thing for the Supply of Water in Times of Frost or otherwise, in the said Roads or any of them, or any Part thereof, which shall be furnished with any other than a Metal Cock and Spout, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees or their Surveyor; and that any Water Company or other Person or Persons who shall set up, or cause or suffer to be set up, any Stand Cock, Pump, or other Instrument, Machine, or Thing, furnished with any other than a Metal Cock and Spout, and which shall not be to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or their Surveyor, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Water or Gas Light Works neg-Company at any Time or Times shall neglect to take up the Ground, lecte<* br Soil, or Pavement in the said Roads or any of them, or any Part thereof, be

or to substantially repair, alter, amend, or renew any Main, Pipe. Plug, executed by Stopcock, or other Thing, as the Case may be, according to the Direc- Trustee*, dons of this Act, or to give the Notices required by this Act, or to remove or take away any Pipes or other Materials or Things from the said Roads, or to collect and carry away or remove the old Pipes and Materials, and all Dirt, Gravel, Filth, Rubbish, and other Things from the said Roads, and place and continue all necessary Posts, Rails, Bars, or Ropes,

Lanthorns, Watchmen, or to do and execute all and every such Works and Things, and all pr any such other Works and Things directed and required by this Act to be done and executed by any such Company, in the Manner and within the Times and Periods directed by this Act, then and in every or any of such Cases, and at all Times afterwards, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees and their Surveyor, and they and he are and is hereby empowered and required forthwith to cause all and every such several Works, Matters, and Things, which shall not be executed and performed by every such Company, or which shall not be well, substantially, and effectually executed and performed to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, fo be well and effectually performed to the • SatiSjcfion

88 4° GEORGII IV. C«/>.lxxxiv.

Satisfaction of the said Trustees, at the Costs and Charges of such Company who shall have so neglected well, substantially, and effectually to perform and execute the same, and every of them, and every Part thereof; and that such Costs and Charges and every of them shall be reimbursed and paid by any and every such Company to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and that the Amount of such Costs and Charges, and of the Monies so to be paid, shall be recovered and levied (over and above all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures which may be incurred for any such Neglect by virtue of this Act) in the same Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed are directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

regulat-

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may

-ft at any Time and from Time to Time cause Notice to be given to the respective Owners or Proprietors, Feoffees, Trustees, Lessees, Tenants, or Occupiers of the several Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Stables, Buildings, Courts, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments on the Sides of the said Roads, to take down, remove, alter, or regulate all Signs or other Emblems used to denote the Trade, Occupation, or Calling of any Person or Persons, (except Boards affixed against any House or Building which shall not exceed Three Inches in Thickness, and be placed Ten Feet in Height at least from the Footpath), and all Sign Posts and Signs, Irons, Bow Windows, and Projecting Windows, Shew Boards, Window Shutters, Flaps, Water Spouts, Doors projecting over, on, or upon any Part of the Footpaths or Sides of the said Roads, except as aforesaid, and all Doors and Steps leading down out of the Footways into any Cellars, Vaults, and other Places belonging to any Building, Shop, Warehouse, or Tenement, and other Annoyance whatsoever on the said Footpaths or Sides of the said Roads, and to cause all Signs and other Emblems as aforesaid, or such Parts thereof as the said Trustees shall think fit, to be affixed and placed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings whereunto the same respectively belonged or were before affixed, and not otherwise; and in case the Owners or Proprietors, Feoffees, Trustees, Lessees, Tenants, or Occupiers shall refuse or neglect to do as before directed for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice shall be given to him, her, or them respectively, (which Notice shall be signed by the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Surveyor for the Time being, and delivered to or left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Proprietor, Feoffee, Trustee, Lessee, Tenant, or Occupier respectively), it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause such Signs or other Emblems, and other Matters and Things herein-before mentioned (except as before excepted), and all other Annoyances whatsoever, to be taken down, carried away, filled up, or removed, altered, and regulated in such Manner as they shall think proper, and shall return or cause to be returned to their respective Owners, or to be left on the Spot, or as near as conveniently may be, for such Owner or Owners, so much of such Signs or other Projections or Annoyances whatsoever as shall not be affixed or put up or otherwise made use of in the Alterations; and the Charges and Expences attending the same shall be reimbursed to the said Trustees, and be paid and payable by the respective Tenants or Occupiers of such Houses and Premises; and if any Tenant or Occupier of any such Premises shall neglect or refuse to pay such Charges within Seven Days

1789

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.lxxxiv.

after Demand made thereof, or by Notice under the Hand of the said Surveyor, Clerk, or other Person appointed by the said Trustees, to be delivered to or left at the Dwelling House of such Tenant or Tenants,

Occupier or Occupiers, the same shall and may be levied on every such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace lor the said Counties of Surrey or Kent, as the Case may require; which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and empowered to grant upon Oath of such Neglect or Refusal, returning the Overplus (if any) of the Monies raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting all Costs and Charges attending the same, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels on Demand.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any House, Any one Te-Warehouse, Stable, Building, Court, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or nant liable Hereditament, shall be let or demised to more than One Tenant or Occu- SUCJ

pier, any One or more of such Tenants or Occupiers shall be deemed s ’’

the actual Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Charges shall be levied by Distress and Sale of all or any of the Goods and Chattels in such respective Premises.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tenant or Tenants, For Recovery Occupier or Occupiers, shall remove out of such House, Shop, Ware- of such house. Stable, Building, Court, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or other Charges in Hereditament, before such Charges shall be paid by him, her, or them; ^oval ofTe-or if the Goods and Chattels of such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or nant, &o. Occupiers, shall not be sufficient to defray such Charges; or if it shall happen that any of the said Premises shall be untenanted, then and in every such Case such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Stables, Buildings,

Courts, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be and the same are hereby made a Security for and chargeable with all such Charges and Expences; and the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale (by Warrant as aforesaid) of any Goods and Chattels which shall after-; wards be found in or upon the said respective Premises, or of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Proprietor, Feoffee or Trustee thereof, in case such Owner or Proprietor, Feoffee or Trustee, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same for the Space of Seven Days next after the same shall be demanded of him, her, or them, by Notice in Writing or in Print, signed by the said Surveyor or Clerk or other Person, to be delivered to or left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Proprietor, Feoffee or Trustee; and all such Charges shall be levied in like Manner by Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County,

City, Town, or Place where such Goods and Chattels shall be found; and it shall be lawful for any Tenant or Occupier, being a Tenant at Rack Rent, who shall have performed any of the Works, Matters, or Things, in manner as directed by this Act, or who shall have paid and reimbursed to the said Trustees the Expences of doing the same, or on whom any such Expences shall have been levied, to deduct out of his or her Rent the Charges and Expences which such Tenant or Occupier shall have paid, or which shall have been levied upon him or her on any of the Accounts aforesaid j and the Proprietor or Landlord of such Premises so CLocal.'] so L held

1790

Footpaths deemed Part of Roads.

Exception as to Footpaths in Saint Nicholas Deptford.

For preventing various Nuisances and Obstructions.

4° GEORGII IV- Cap. lxxxiv.

held at Rack Rent is hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of his or her Rent, except only in such Cases where the Encroachments, Obstructions, or Annoyances so removed or altered shall have been originally occasioned by such Occupier, in which Case he or she shall bear the Expence of altering or removing the same; and in case any Tenant or Occupier shall pay or have had levied upon him or her more Money, on account of any thing done by virtue of this Act, than shall be due from him or her for the Rent of his or her House, Shop, Warehouse, Stable, Building, Court, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, the Overplus thereof shall and may be levied on the Owner or Proprietor, Feoffee or Trustee of such respective Premises, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Proprietor, Feoffee or Trustee, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place where such Goods or Chattels shall be found, such Owner or Proprietor, or Feoffee or Trustee, having refused or neglected to pay the same for the Space of Seven Days after Demand made thereof by such Tenant or Occupier, his or her Attorney or Agent for that Purpose appointed : Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the said Trustees at their Discretion, if they shall think fit so to do, from making any Allowance or paying Part of the Expence incurred by the Proprietors, Tenants, or Occupiers of any such House or Building, in removing any of the Obstructions, Nuisances, or Annoyances as aforesaid, in such Cases where the said Proprietors, Tenants, or Occupiers shall or may be materially injured by such Removal, and whereby such Cases may be particularly entitled to some Compensation.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Footpaths on the Sides of or adjoining to the said Roads by this Act authorized to be repaired, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be subject to the Regulations of this Act, and to be Part of the said Roads, and unless the same shall be paved or pitched, shall be repaired and amended by the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means and in such Manner as the said Roads are and shall be repaired and amended.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any of the Footpaths adjoining the said Roads hereby authorized to be repaired, where such Footpaths shall be, at the Time of the passing of this Act, paved under the Direction of the Commissioners for paving the said Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall, upon any of the Footpaths of the Roads, run, draw, drive, or carry thereon, any Truck, Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Bier, or Carriage whatsoever, or roll any Cask or Tub, other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof unto, upon, from, or out of any Carriage or Cart, or wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse or other Beast or Cattle whatsoever on any of the said Footpaths, or wilfully permit or suffer any Horse or other Beast or Cattle, which such Person may be riding, driving, or leading, to go thereon, or shall tie or fasten any Horse or other Cattle to any House, Wall, Fence, Post, 1 ree, or other Thing whatsoever, across any of the said Footpaths, 7 or

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

or set any Cask, Tub, Pail, Bucket, Stool, Bench, Shewboard, Chopping Block, Basket, or Stall, on or in the said Footpaths, or erect, set up, put, or place any Blind, Shade, Coverlid, Awning, Penthouse, or other Erection or Projection, on, upon, or over any of the Footpaths of the said Roads, or put or place any other Matter or Thing so as in any way to cause any Obstruction or Impediment in or upon the Footpaths, or shall hang or place any Flag, Banner, or any other Emblem or Thing, across the said Roads or Footpaths, or any Part thereof, or shall in or on any of the said Roads or Footpaths hoop, fire, cleanse, wash, or scald any Cask or Tub, or hew, saw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bore any Timber, or make or repair, or wash or cleanse any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage, or the Wheel, Body, Springs, or other Part of any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage, except such as may want immediate Repair from any sudden Accident on the Spot, and which cannot be conveniently moved for that Purpose; and also except for the necessary Time of any Stage Coach, Hackney Coach, or other Carriage let for Hire, taking up and setting down any Fare, or waiting for Passengers when actually hired; or shoe, bleed, or farry any Horse or other Beast, unless in case of sudden Accident, or clean, dress, drive, or turn loose any Horse or other Beast or Cattle, or shew or expose, or exercise, or expose to sale any Horse, or other Beast, or kill or slaughter, or scald, singe, dress, or cut up any Animal, either wholly or in part, or cause or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughter House, Butcher’s Shop, or Shamble, into the said Roads or any of them, or shall sell or assist in selling by Auction or Public Sale any Cattle, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Thing whatsoever, in or on any of the said Roads or Footpaths thereof, or hang up, place, or expose to sale, or cause or permit to be hanged up, placed, or exposed to sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, or any Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff, Butcher’s Meat, Offal, or other Matter or Thing, in or upon, or so as to project over or upon the Footpaths or Carriage Ways of any such Roads, or beyond the Line or on the Outside of the Window or Windows, or in the Area or Areas of the House, Shop, or Place, at which the same shall be so hanged up, placed, or exposed to sale, or so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage, or shall put, place, or hang any Skin, Leather, or other Thing, in or tipon the Fences or Hedges next to or adjoining the said Roads, or any of them, or the Footpaths thereof, or adjoining thereto, or leave open after Sun-set and before Sun-rise the Door or Window of any Area, Cellar, or other underground Room or Apartment, or Openings leading to any Building or Premises, without having placed or left a sufficient Light therein to warn and prevent Persons passing upon or over the said Roads, or any Part thereof, from falling into such Areas, Cellars, and other underground Rooms, Apartments, or Openings, or throw at any Cock or Fowl in the Manner called Cock Throwing, or set up any Cock or Fowl to be thrown at in such Manner, or play at Football, or at any other Game,to the Annoyance of any Inhabitant or Inhabitants, Passenger or Passengers, or shall wilfully break, aid, or abet, or assist in wilfully breaking any Glass or Window Frames or Windows, in or belonging to any Dwelling House or Building, or cause, make, or assist in making any Bonfire, or wantonly discharge or fire off any Gun, Pistol, or Blunderbuss, or other Fire Arms, or let off, set fire to, or throw any Cracker, Squib, Rocket, or other Firework, or shall occasion any Kind of Obstruction or Annoyance in or upon any such Roads, or shall

1792 4° GEORGII IV. Cajjw.lxxxiv.

shall obstruct, incommode, hinder, or prevent the free Passage of any Footpaths of the said Roads, or prejudice or annoy in any Manner whatsoever any Person or Persons travelling, passing, or going thereon; within the said Limits, then and in every such Case, any Person so offending shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable or other Peace Officer, or any One of the said Trustees, or any Officer or other Person acting by or under their Authority, by virtue of this Act, and without any Warrant whatsoever, to seize and apprehend any such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Surrey or Kent respectively, in order to his, her, or their Conviction of such Offence.

Articles oc-

LIX. And be it further enacted, That not only shall the said Penalties casioning lastly enacted become payable, and be recovered, but it shall and may be ma'She seized to anc* for anY Person or Persons appointed, or to be appointed

withou^any by the said Trustees as aforesaid, without any Warrant or other Authority Warrant, &c. than this Act, to seize any such Truck, Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Bier or Carriage, Horse, Beast, or Cattle, Cask, Tub, Pail, Bucket, Stool, Bench, Shew-board, Chopping Block, Stall, Basket, Blind, Shade, Coverlid, Awning, Penthouse, or other Erection or Projection, Flag, Banner, or other Thing, Stone, Wood, or Timber, Coach, Chaise, Waggon, or other Carriage, together with the Horse or Horses, Ass or Asses, Mule or Mules, if any shall be thereunto belonging, with the Harness, Gear, and Accoutrements thereof, or any such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff, Butcher’s Meat, Skin, Leather, or other Thing, or any of them, and forthwith, or with all convenient Speed, carry or cause the same to be carried before some Justice of the Peace for the County where the Offence shall be committed; and if it shall appear to such Justice, upon the Oath or Affirmation of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Goods, Carriage, Horse, Ass, or Mule, Materials, Vegetables, Garden Stuff, Meat, or Things, occasioned any kind of Obstruction or Annoyance, or was or were in any Situation contrary to the Provisions of this Act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Justice, in case any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes so seized shall be perishable, or shall be Articles of Food, to order and direct the Person or Persons who shall seize the same to deliver or cause the same to be delivered to the Churchwardens or Directors of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, or to the Master of the Workhouse of such Parish, and the same shall and may be given and distributed by them or him unto and among the poor Inhabitants of the said Workhouse, to and for his, her, and their Benefit; but if the Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, Materials, or Things so seized shall not be perishable, or shall not be Articles of Food, or if any Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Ass shall be so seized, then the said Justice shall order and direct the Person or Persons who shall have seized such last-mentioned Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or Things, Carriage, Horse, Ass, or Mule, to remove the same to any Place appointed by the said Trustees for the Reception thereof, if any such there be, or otherwise to such Place or Places as the said Justice shall judge convenient; and the Person or Persons so seizing any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or any such Horse, Mule, Ass, Materials, or Things, shall give

Parol

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

Parol or W ritten Notice of such Place or Places whereunto the same shall be removed, unto the Owner, Driver, or other Person having any Interest in the Goods, Carriages, Horse or Horses, Ass or Asses, Mule or Mules, Materials, or other Things so seized or removed, if he, she, or they shall be then and there present, and the same shall be kept and detained until such Owner, Driver, or other Person interested therein as aforesaid, shall cause to be paid the same Penalty, together with the Charges for taking or removing the same, and of keeping such Horse or Horses, Ass or Asses, Mule or Mules, if any; and in case the Goods, Carriage, Horse or Horses, Ass or Asses, Mule or Mules, Materials, or other Things so removed, (not being perishable or Articles of Food), shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges be paid within Five Days next after such Removal thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or their Surveyor, or other Person as aforesaid, to order the same to be appraised and sold, and the Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof on Demand, after deducting the said Penalty, and such Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such seizing, removing, keeping, appraising, and selling the same, as the said Trustees shall ascertain and allow : Provided always, that it shall be lawful to and for the said Justice, if he shall think fit, to order and direct that any such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Carriage, Horse, Mule, Ass, Materials, or other Things, Fruit, Vegetables, or other Articles of Food so seized, to be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof, upon Payment of such reasonable Sum to the Person or Persons who shall seize the same, for his and their Pains and Trouble therein, as the said Justice shall think fit.

LX. And whereas the Form and Construction of certain Places erected at or near the Doors of Public Houses and other Houses abutting on the said Roads, for the Reception of Urine, or as Places for the Accommodation of Persons frequenting such Houses, and requiring the easing of Nature by making Water, are often such as to occasion many indecent and improper Exposures; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to order and direct any Alteration they shall think fit to be made by the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses in the Form and Situation of the Boxes, Screens, Shades, and other Conveniences, used or to be used as Depositaries of Urine, or as Places for Persons requiring the easing of Nature by making Water, now or at any Time hereafter to be placed in the Front or Side of any or either of the Public Houses abutting upon any or either of the Roads and Places by this Act authorized to be repaired and maintained; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to order and direct the Owners or Occupiers of any Public House, Ale House, or other Place for the Sale of Beer or Spirituous Liquors, as have no such Box, Shade, Screen, or Conveniences aforesaid, to erect, at the Expence of such Owner or Occupier, a Box, Shade, Screen, or Convenience, for the Purposes aforesaid, according to a Plan to be laid down by the said Trustees, and in such Situation as they the said Trustees shall direct; and no such Convenience shall be hereafter constructed, erected and made, without the Consent in Writing of the Surveyor of the said Trustees for that Purpose first had and obtained; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to direct the Owners or Occupiers of any such Public or other House as aforesaid, at or near which \jjocol7\ 20 M any

1793

Power to regulate the Form and Position of Watering Places.

HU 4° GPOjEtGII IV. C^.lxwv.

any such Box, Shade, Screen, or other Convenience, for the Purposes aforesaid, .shall be placed, to alter or pull down and rebuild such Box, Shade, Screen, or other Convenience, and place the same where the said Trustees shall direct; and in case such Owner or Occupier shall not within Twenty-one Days after having received Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Trustees, and left at the Dwelling House of such Owner or Occupier, alter or pull down and rebuild such Box, Shade, Screen, nr other Convenience, or erect, build, and put up such Box, Shade, Screen, or other Convenience where there shall be none, agreeably to a Plan to he furnished by the said Trustees, the Owner or Occupier so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and also the further Sum of Five Shillings for each Day so long as the Nuisance shall be continued, or such Convenience shall not be erected, after such Notice as aforesaid, to be recovered in like manner as other Penal* ties under this Act may be recovered \ and the Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to cause such Alteration to be forthwith made, under the Direction of the Surveyor or other Person to be appointed by them for that Purpose.

Noinclosures

LXI. And whereas Persons, without any sufficient Leave for that Porto be made, pose, inclose or otherwise occupy Part of the said Roads for the making for^BuMn* ^ortar anc* depositing of Bricks, Lime, Timber, and other Materials, to be laid on Matters, and Things, to the great Annoyance, Obstruction, and Danger of Roads with- Passengers and Carriages, and to the Detriment of the said Roads; be out Consent it therefore further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall erect, of Trustees. t,ui2d, or set up, or cause or procure to be erected, built, or set up, any Inclosure, Post, Bar, or Rail, or lay or deposit any Bricks, Lime, Timber, or other Materials, Matter, or Thing, in or upon any Part of the said Roads or Footpaths, without the Consent of the said Trustees or their Clerk or Surveyor in Writing first had and obtained, or beyond such Bounds or Limits as shall be expressed in such Consent, or without such Inclosure, or continue the same beyond the Time directed or allowed by the said Trustees, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors, in any or either of the said Cases, to cause the same to be removed, taken and carried away, and deposited in such Place or Places as the said Trustees shall direct or appoint, there to remain and be kept until the Owner or Owners, Offender or Offenders, shall have paid and discharged all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the removing and taking away, depositing and keeping the same as aforesaid, such Costs, Charges, and Expences being first settled and ascertained by One Justice of the Peace for the said Counties of Surrey or Kent, in which the Offence shall be committed; and in case the said Owner or Owners, Offender or Offenders, shall neglect or omit to pay such Costs, Charges, and Expences, within Five Days after the same shall have been so settled and ascertained, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or their Surveyor to sell all such Materials, Matters, and Things, and reimburse themselves and himself such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, and of such Sale or Sales, rendering the Overplus, if any, to such Owner or Owners, Offender or Offenders, on Demand.

To prevent

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whom-Goods^&c soever» whether being the Owner or Proprietor of any Erection, Building, Shed, Stall, Portico, Porch, Penthouse, Awning, Covering, Inclosure,

4 Post,

4" GEORGII IV. C^.lxxxiv. 1795

Post, Bar, Rail, Bricks, Lime, Mortar, Furniture, Meat, Provisions,

Vegetables, Goods, Matters, Materials, or Things, shall by any Ways or Means rescue or attempt to rescue the same or any of them, or any Part thereof, from the Person or Persons who by Authority of this Act shall have the same in his or their Custody, Possession, or Power, every such Person so offending shall far every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXIII. And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the Thirty-first No Building Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, Provision to be erected was made, that no Building should be erected by any Proprietor or Oc- ^iJstances cupier of the Land adjacent to the Roads thereby directed to be made of the Road, and repaired, or other Person or Persons, within Ten Feet on either Side of the said Roads where the same are of the Width of Forty Feet or upwards, and within Thirty Feet from the Centre of the said Roads where the same are of less Width than Forty Feet; and if any such Building should be thereafter erected contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, the same should be deemed a common Nuisance; be it therefore further enacted, That no Erection or Building shall be erected, built, or rebuilt by any such Proprietor or Occupier of Lands adjacent to the Roads hereby directed or authorized to be repaired, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, within the Distance of Ten Feet on either Side of the said Roads where the same are of the Width of Forty Feet or upwards, and within Thirty F'eet from the Centre of the said Roads, where the same are of less Width than Forty Feet; and that if any such Erection or Building shall be hereafter erected, built, or rebuilt contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the same shall be deemed a common Nuisance.

LXIV. And whereas Doubts may arise as to what in future shall be What shall be deemed the Centre of the Road; be it therefore enacted, That only that ^eeme<1 th Portion of the Ground shall be deemed and taken to be the Road, which Road^ ° 1 6 at the Time of passing this Act shall be maintained and repaired by the Trustees as the Carriage Road; and the Centre of the said Road shall be the Middle of such Carriage Road, where a Line being drawn along the Road, or a Point marked, an equal Number of Feet of Carriage Road, so maintained and repaired as aforesaid, shall be found on each Side of such Line or Mark; and the said Trustees shall provide a Plan of the said Roads, shewing the Width of the said Roads at the Time of passing this Act, and which Plan shall be left with the Clerk to the said Trustees, who is hereby required at all seasonable Times to permit the same to be inspected by the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands and Premises adjoining the Roads hereby authorized to be repaired and maintained.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, Costs of Pro-after the passing of this Act, be convicted on any Indictment or Indict- secubontobe ments, Presentment or Presentments, against him, her, or them preferred by tl,e or to be preferred for the erecting, building, or rebuilding any Erection vic^of*" or Building within the respective Distances of the said Roads herein-before erecting mentioned, after the passing of this Act, then and in every such case the Buildi"t!5 Court before whom such Indictment or Presentment shall be tried, at '°

the Time of giving Judgment thereon, shall order and direct the Building 1 '* or Erection so erected, built, or rebuilt, or so much of such Building or

Erection

1796

When any Houses or

other Build- •DUUICS romic, \_iurpuraie, or VAUiegiaie, corporations Aggregate ui ings erected Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees withincertaiu in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, or any other Person Distances of^ or persons seised or possessed of or interested in any House or Building rebuilt°or which at the Time of passing of this Act shall in Part or in the Whole new-fronted, be within the Distance of Ten Feet on either Side of the said Roads Trustees may where the same are of the Width of Forty Feet or upwards, or within take Bart^of Thirty peet from the Centre of the said Roads where the same are of less intothe Road, Width than Forty Feet, shall from and after the passing of this Act be on making minded or desirous, or compellable from any Cause whatever, to take Satisfaction down any such House or Building, or to take down the Front thereof for the same. within Twelve Feet from the Ground, or in case any such House or Building within the Distance aforesaid shall be burnt down, or shall fall down, then and in every such Case, and previous to rebuilding the same, or taking down the Front thereof as aforesaid, each and every such Bodies, Corporations, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and other Person and Persons, shall give or cause to be given to the Trustees for putting into Execution this Act, Twenty-one Days previous Notice in Writing of such their, his, or her Mind and Intention, by delivering such Notice to the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, in order that the said Trustees may view the Situation of such House or Building, or the Site or Sites thereof, and determine whether any Part of the Ground (whereon stood or shall be standing any such House or Building so intended to be rebuilt, or the Front thereof taken down as aforesaid) ought to be purchased and laid into the said Road whereon the same may happen to abut; and if upon any View of the Premises by the said Trustees for executing this Act they shall be of Opinion that any Part of such Ground ought to be laid into such Road, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for executing this Act to order so much and such Part of the Piece or Parcel of Ground whereon any such House or Building stood or shall be standing, as shall be within the Distances before mentioned, to be laid into the said Road, and for that Purpose they the said Trustees for executing this Act shall have full Power and Authority to contract and agree with all and every such Bodies, Corporations, Tenants for Life or in I ail, Husbands, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, and other Person or Persons interested in any such Ground, House, or Building for the Purchase of, and to purchase so much and such Part of any such Piece or Parcel of Ground which they the said Trustees for executing this Act, shall so adjudge necessary to be laid into any Part of the

4° GEORGII IV. Cojy.lxxxiv.

Erection as shall be within the respective Distances before-mentioned, and for which Offence such Offender or Offenders shall be so convicted, to be pulled down and the Materials thereof removed, and to award full Costs (to be ascertained and settled by the Sheriff of the County in which Such Indictment shall be tried, or by his Under Sheriff), to be paid by the Person or Persons so indicted or presented, to the Person or Persons prosecuting such Offender or Offenders to Conviction, and which Costs shall and may be recovered and levied in such and the like Manner, and by such Ways and Means as any Sum or Sums of Money which may become due to the said Trustees under or by virtue of this Act, may be raised, levied, or recovered.

1797

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxxxiv.

the said Road, and for the Recompence or Satisfaction which shall be made for the Injury, Loss, or Damage which such Bodies, Corporations, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, and other Person or Persons respectively, will sustain by such Ground being required to be laid into the said Roads; and in case any such Bodies, Corporations, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, and other Persons interested therein, shall neglect to give Notice, or having given Notice shall refuse to treat for the bale and Conveyance of their respective Interests therein, or shall not agree with the said Trustees for executing this Act for the Money to be paid for the Purchase of the Ground so required, or for the Recompence or Satisfaction to be made for the Injury, Loss, or Damage which such Bodies, Corporations, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, or other Person or Persons interested, will sustain by such Ground being required to be laid into the said Roads, then and in every such Case a Jury shall be impanelled, summoned, returned, and sworn, in the like Manner as by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the general Laws for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, is directed for impanelling Juries, who shall ascertain the Value of the Ground so required to be purchased, and the Recompence or Satisfaction to be made for the Injury, Loss, or Damage which such Bodies, Corporations, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, or other Person or Persons respectively, will sustain by reason of the said Trustees executing this Act requiring such Ground to be laid into the said Roads, in like manner as by the said recited Act is provided respecting the Land or Ground required to be purchased for the Purposes of the said Act; and which Jury so to be impanelled and the Damages which they shall assess, shall be governed, ordered, regulated, applied, appointed, and disposed of, and the Premises so to be purchased for the Purposes last aforesaid, and the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and all other Persons interested therein, shall be under and subject and conformable to the like Directions, Restrictions, Pains, and Penalties, as in the said Act so passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty respecting the Purchase of Hereditaments for the Purposes therein mentioned is directed.

LXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, or other Person or Persons, shall be applied to on Behalf of the said Trustees for executing this Act, to treat for, sell, dispose of, and convey for the Purposes aforesaid, any Part of the Site of any House or Building, and the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporation, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Feoffee, Committee, Executors, or other Person or Persons so applied to* shall by Notice in Writing to be left at the Office of the Clerk of the said Trustees for the Time being, within Thirty Days next after such Application, signify his, her, or their Desire to sell and convey the whole Site of such House or Building, and the Ground and other Buildings and Premises belonging thereto; then and in every such Case the whole Site [Low/.] ao N of

Occupiersnat compelled to sell a Part if inclined to sell the Whole.

J?98 40GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

of every such House or Building, and the Ground and any other Build* fugs and Premises belonging thereto, shall be deemed and taken and held to be necessary to be purchased, for effecting the Purposes of this Act; and if it shall happen that the said Trustees for executing this Act shall not think proper or be willing to purchase the whole Site of such House, Building, and the Ground and other Buildings and Premises belonging thereto, then and in every such Case nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, to treat for, sell, dispose of, or convey any Part of the Site of such House or Building, or the Ground or Pre-prises belonging thereto, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Forascertain-

LXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Owner, ing the Value Lessee, or Occupier of any of the Ground, Messuages, Tenements, or of Parts of Buildings necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, shall who1 of5 not inclined to sell or part with their Interest in the Whole of the said

which is not Premises, and the Trustees for executing this Act shall not find it ne-taken. cessary to take the Whole for the Purpose of widening the said Roads,

and the several Parties cannot agree as to the Sum of Money to be paid for the Part which the said Trustees shall think necessary to be purchased, then and in such Case the Jury who shall be summoned to view and value the Premises shall assess the Value of the whole Premises according to the Condition in which they are at the Time of taking the View, and also the Value of that Part of the Premises which shall remain after the said Trustees have taken away so much as they shall think necessary for widening the said Roads, in which latter Valuation the Jury shall take into, consideration the Improvement which the Remainder of the Premises is likely to receive from the Improvements intended to be made; and the Jury having made these Two Valuations, the Difference between them shall be the Price to be paid by the Trustees for that Part which they shall have occasion for, and the said Price so to be paid shall be divided among the several Persons interested in the Premises by Leases, or otherwise in such Proportions as the Jury so assembled shall assess and ascertain.

If the Sum adjudged not paid within Six Months, Verdict not binding.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Sum or Sums so assessed by the said Jury, and ordered and adjudged to be paid by the said Trustees, as a Satisfaction for the respective Interests in the said Hereditaments and Premises, or for the Injury, Damage, or Loss to be sustained as aforesaid, shall not be paid or tendered within Six Calendar Months after the same shall have been lawfully demanded by the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, then and in every such Case the Verdict of the said Jury shall not be binding upon the said Parties, any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

dispowof1^

LXX. And whereas* by reason of the Purchases which the said Trus-Overplus tees may find it necessary to make under the Provisions of this Act, they

Lunds. may become possessed of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, Messuage or

Messuages, Tenements, and Premises, over and above what may be necessary to be laid into the said Roads, or the Footpaths thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That in such case it shall and may be lawful 9 for

1799

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxiv.

for the said Trustees to sell and dispose of any such Piece or Pieces of Ground, Messuage or Messuages, Tenements, and Premises, or of any Term or Estate which they may take therein, as they shall see most advantageous and convenient, to any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to purchase the same, and to execute any Conveyance thereof to the Purchaser, (and that without in the first Place offering the same to the Person or Persons of whom the same shall have been purchased); which Conveyance and Conveyances of any such Piece or Parcel of Land, which shall not be laid into the said Roads or the Footpaths thereof, shall be adjudged sufficient to vest such Estate in the Purchaser as shall have been agreed for, or shall be expressed or meant, or intended to be granted and conveyed by any such Conveyance; and the Purchase Money arising under any such Conveyance shall be applied by the said Trustees to the Purposes of this Act, and for no other Purposes whatsoever.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act To allow the contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to prevent the Construction Construction of any Vaults or Areas below the Level of the said Roads of Vaillts-on the Side or Sides thereof; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to authorize and empower any Person or Persons who shall erect any House or Houses on the Side or Sides of the Roads included in this Act, or any Part thereof, to construct any Arch or Arches under the said Roads in Front of such House or Houses, for the Purpose of making any Cellar or Cellars, or otherwise.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Roads not to shall water any of the said Roads with a Water Cart without the Consent watered and under the Direction of the said Trustees or their Surveyors or Sur- Con'

veyor, every Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence Trustees forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted* That when and as Recovery of often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid Money by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of awa.rded the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, trustees or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoils, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees, to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Fourteen Days after Demand, in Writing, shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices, from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grata*, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose, by the Party or Parties entitled to rer cehre such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or

Satisfaction

1800

Statute

Work.

4° GEORGII IV. Cyixxxiv.

Satisfaction for any such Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in Dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto, in like Manner as they are or have heretofore been, and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Surrey or Kent respectively, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places liable thereto, or in or through which the said Roads do lie, lead, or pass, and also what Portion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, (and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses), of the Names of the several Persons within such Parish or Place, who are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times, not being Haytime or Harvest, and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes or Places to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall

direct j

i 801

4° GEORGII IV. Gzp.lxxxiv.

direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to w'ork as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off or discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had refused or neglected to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways by Distress and Sale of his and their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Surrey or Kent respectively, wherein such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways shall live or reside, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor of the said Trustees.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Composition Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies s^atute Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by him, her, or ' or them done on any of the said Roads or any Part thereof, and also with the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the Parishes,

Hamlets, or Places in which the said Roads or any Part thereof doth or shall lie and be situate, fora certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute Work or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, Hamlet, or Place, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, at such Time or Times and in such Manner as shall be agreed upon at the entering into of such Composition; and all such Composition Money shall be applied for the Purposes of the said Roads j and every such Surveyor of the Highways who shall pay any such Composition Money shall be reimbursed the same, in like Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are, by the Laws in being, to be reimbursed the Money by them laid J Local.] 20 0 ' out

1802 4° GEORGII IV. Ca/>.lxxxiv.

out and expended in buying Materials for the repairing of any such Highway or Highways.

Directions as

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Notices, Summonses, and of Notice* 1C° ^emanc*s» which by this Act are directed and required, or which shall or may be necessary to be given for carrying into Execution any of the Powers thereof, ot which the Manner of serving the same is not by this Act particularly directed, shall be printed or written, or partly printed and partly written, and shall and may be served either by delivering the same personally to the Person or Persons to whom such Notices, Summonses, and Demands are to be given, or by leaving the same at his, her, or their usual or last known Warehouse, Manufactory, Office, Counting House, or with any of his or her Partners, Clerks, or Servants, at his, her, or their usual or last known Place of Abode.

[Public Act.]

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commencement and upon the First Day of September next, after the passing thereof, and shall Ctoubimnce ancj continue in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the ° t Hi ct. £Q(j 0j jjg next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

11

ANNO

GEORGII

QUARTO

IV. REGIS.

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the South End of Broivn's Lane in the Parish of Great Staughton in the County of Huntingdon to the Bedford Turnpike Road in the Parish of Lavendon in the County of Buckingham.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road leading 42 G.3. c. 64. from the South End of Brown’s Lane in the Parish of Great Staughton in the County of Huntingdon to the Bedford Turnpike Road in the Parish if Lavendon in the County of Buckingham; which said Road is divided into Two Districts called " The Risely District" and " The Odell District And whereas several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Act, and the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be kept in good Repair, unless further Tolls, Powers, and Provisions are granted for those Purposes : And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now 3G.4. c. 126. in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted;

[.Local.] 20 P and

1806

Former Act repealed.

Provisions of 3G. 4. c. 126. extended to this Act.

This Act made subject to the Payment of all Monies borrowed on the Credit of former Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxv.

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July next after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from thenceforth this Act shall be applied and put in Execution for repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair the said Road leading from the South End of Brown’s Lane in the Parish of Great Staughton in the County of Huntingdon to the Bedford Turnpike Road in the Parish of Lavendon in the County of Buckingham; and that the said Road shall be and continue divided into Two separate Districts; and that the Road leading from the Way Post at the South End of Brown’s Lane aforesaid, into or through the several Parishes of Great Staughton, Little Staughton, Pertenhall, Swines head, Risely, and Bletsoe, to the T urn-pike Road leading from the Town of Bedford in the County of Bedford, towards Higham Ferrari in the County of Northampton, shall be one of such Districts, and be called " The Risely District" of the said Road; and that the Road leading from the said Turnpike Road in Bletsoe aforesaid, into or through the several Parishes of Sharnbrook, Odell, Harrold, and Part of the Parish of Lavendon aforesaid, to the said Turnpike Road leading from Bedford aforesaid, towards Olney aforesaid, shall be the other of such Districts, and be called " The Odell District" of the said Road.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Matters and Things therein contained (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act), shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed and are now due and owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said recited Act hereby repealed, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit or on account of this Act; and that all and every Person and Persons owing any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing the said recited Act hereby repealed shall be liable to pay the same to the Trustees for executing this Act; and all Bonds, Conveyances, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities made to or by or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for executing the said recited Act hereby repealed, shall remain in full force and effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity for the Purposes of this Act; and all Orders, Proceedings, Contracts, and Agreements heretofore made or entered into by the said Trustees for executing the said Act hereby repealed, shall remain in full force and effect.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxv. 1807

IV. And be it farther enacted, That all Books of Proceedings of the Books of Trustees in the Execution of the said former Act, provided according to ^formei-the Directions or Provisions thereof, and thereby made Evidence, shall Act ma(je and may be read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits, Evidence. Actions, Controversies, or Disputes touching any thing done by virtue of or

in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, or in anywise relating thereto.

V. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the NewTrus-

Peace acting for the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon respectively tees for for the Time being, together with Justinian Alston, Rowland Alston, Vere IR"

John Alston Clerk, Charles Alston, William Bithray, Thomas Bloodworth, tnc '

William Burbidge, Samuel Barber, John Thomas Brooks, Charles Chester,

Elias Boswell Collet, Samuel Crawley, Daniel Crofts, John Day, William Day, John Hill Day, Nevile Day, William Day junior, Thomas Day, John Dickins, Sir James Duber/ey, James Duberly junior, John Emeris Clerk,

Rowland Evans Farrer, Grove Spurgeon Farrer, John Foster, John Fox,

John Garrard, Thomas Wilkinson Garrard, John Gel/, Thomas Cell, Hugh Wade Gery Clerk, William Gery, Hugh Wade Gery junior, Clerk, John Gibbard, George James Gorham, Valentine Grantham Clerk, Francis Green,

John Green, Henry Harris, Sir Robert Heron Baronet, Thomson Hankey,

John Webster Hawkesley Clerk, Thomas Hewson, John Higgins, Thomas Charles Higgins, William Bartholomew Higgins, William Hooper Clerk,

Reynold Hogg, John Thomas Huntley Clerk, William Inkers ole, Thomas Inkersole, Nelson Kerr Clerk, Thomas Kidman, John Knight, Peter Augustus Lautour, John Lee, John Leete Clerk, James Lugsdin, Malcolm Mac-quean, Thomas Potter Macquean, John Balfour Magenis Clerk, the Honourable Frederic Montague commonly called Lord Frederic Montague, the Honourable George Montague commonly called Lord Viscount Mandevil/e, the Honourable Francis William Montague commonly called Lord Francis William Montague, Thomas Marsh Clerk, Thomas Martyn Clerk, John King Martyn, Thomas Martyn junior, Joshua Morton Clerk, Denzil Onslow,

Denzil Onslow junior, Richard Orlebar, Sir John Osborn Baronet, Josepls Pain, Samuel Parker, John Parkinson, Edward Platt, John Pickering,

Francis Pym, Francis Rix, Joseph Robinson, John Robinson, William Robinson, Samuel Richards, William Rogers, John Rogers, the Honourable Francis Russell commonly called the Marquis of Tavistock, the Honourable George William Russell commonly called Lord George William Russell, the Honourable John Russell commonly called Lord John Russell,

William Swannell, John Hale Talbott, Robert Talbott, Jonathan Tebbs, John Thompson Clerk, Charles Vaughan, Thomas Watson Ward Clerk, Benjamin Wei stead, Marion Welstead, Frederic Welstead, and Robert Whitworth, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for carrying this Act into Execution, so far as relates to the Risely District of the said Road.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees for Peace acting for the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham respectively for Odell Dis-the Time being, together with Justinian Alston, Rowland Alston, Vere John trict*

Alston Clerk, Charles Alston, William Bithrey, Thomas Bloodworth, William Burbidge, Samuel Barber, John Thomas Brcoks, Charles Chester, Elias

Boswell Collett, Samuel Crawley, Daniel Crofts, John Day, William Day,

John Hill Day, Nevile Day, William Day junior, Thomas Day, John Dickins,

Sir James Duberley, James Duberly junior, John Emeris Clerk, Rowland

Evans

1808

4° GEORGII IV. G«jo.lxxxv.

Evam Farrer, Grove Spurgeon Farrer, John Foster, John Fox, John Garrard, Thomas Wilkinson Garrard, John Gell, Thomas Cell, Hugh Wade Gery Clerk, William Gery, Hugh Wade Gery junior, Clerk, John Gibbard, George James Gorham, Valentine Grantham Clerk, Francis Green, John Green, Henry Harris, Sir Robert Heron Baronet, Thomson Hankey, John Webster Hawkesley Clerk, Thomas Hewson, John Higgins, Thomas Charles Higgins, William Bartholomew Higgins, William Hooper Clerk, Reynold Hogg, John Thomas Huntley Clerk, William Inkersole, Thomas Inkersole, Nelson Kerr Clerk, Thomas Kidman, John Knight, Peter Augustus Lautour, John Tee, John Leete Clerk, James Lugsdin, Malcolm Macquean, Thomas Potter Macquean, John Balfour Magenis Clerk, the Honourable Frederic Montague commonly called Lord Frederic Montague, the Honourable George Montague commonly called Lord Viscount Mandeville, the Honourable Francis William Montague commonly called Lord Francis William Montague, Thomas Marsh Clerk, Thomas Martyn Clerk, John King Martyn, Thomas Martyn junior, Joshua Morion Clerk, Denzil Onslow, Denzil Onslow junior, Richard Orlebar, Sir John Osborn Baronet, Joseph Pain, Samuel Parker, John Parkinson, Edward Platt, John Pickering, Francis Pym, Francis Rix, Joseph Robinson, John Robinson, William Robinson, Samuel Richards, William Rogers, John Rogers, the Honourable Francis Russell commonly called the Marquis of Tavistock, the Honourable George William Russell commonly called Lord George William Russell, the Honourable John Russell commonly called Lord John Russell, William Swannell, John Hale Talbott, Robert Talbott, Jonathan Tebbs, John Thompson Clerk, Charles Vaughan, Thomas Watson Ward Clerk, Benjamin Welstead, Marion Welstead, Frederic Welstead, and Robert Whitworth, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for carrying this Act into Execution, so far as relates to the Odell District of the said Road.

Power to

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said appoint addi- Trustees of the respective Districts, at any of their Meetings to be held tee"al TrU>" Pursuant to t*le Directions of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to elect, nominate, and appoint any Number of fit and proper Persons, not exceeding the Number of Five in the whole, for each of the said Districts, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed.

Meetings of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the said Risely

Trustees. District of the said Road shall and may hold their Meetings under or by virtue of this Act at the House known by the Name or Sign of The Five Bells in the Parish of Risely, or of the Falcon in the Parish of Bletsoe, in the County of Bedford, or some other convenient House near to the said Risely District of the said Road; and the said Trustees of the said Odell District of the said Road shall and may hold their Meetings under or by virtue of this Act at the House known by the Name or Sign of The Wheat Sheaf in the Parish of Harrold, or of the Falcon in the Parish of Bletsoe, in the said County of Bedford, or at some other convenient House near to the said Odell District of the said Road; and that the first Meeting of the said Trustees of the said Risely District of the said Road shall be held on the Ninth Day of July next after the passing of this Act, and a Meeting of the Trustees of that District shall afterwards annually be held on the Third Wednesday in the Month of May; and that the first 13 Meeting

1809

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxv.

Meeting of the Trustees of the said Odell District of the said Road shall be held on the said Ninth Day of July, and that a Meeting of the said Trustees of that District shall annually be held on the Third 2 uesday in the said Month of May.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person hereby appointed or Oath of who shall hereafter be chosen or appointed a Trustee, shall be qualified Trustees, or capable of becoming and acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath (or being One of the People called Quakers, the Affirmation) following, before any One or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ T do swear, [or, being One of the People called

‘ A Quakers, do solemnly affirm,] That I will truly, faithfully, and im-

* partially act in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers reposed in me

* by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the

* Title of this Act.'] So help me GOD.

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words ‘ So help me God/]

And if any Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath or Affirmation, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster .* Provided always, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the Oath or Affirmation by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had taken and subscribed such Oath or Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk, Collector of the officers to Tolls, and other Officer and Officers (other than the Treasurer), no- continueuntil minated and appointed under and by virtue of the said Act hereby renew ?nes pealed, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and al>Pomted-Employments until he, she, or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the Trustees of the respective Districts; and every such Clerk,

Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers, shall have the like

Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations, in all respects whatsoever, as if he, she, or they had been nominated or appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be prohibitine lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person or Persons the same Per-who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execu- son fr0:n

rLocal.-] jo Q ,ion

1810

acting as Clerk and Treasurer.

Trustees

appoint

Officers.

Power to erect Turnpikes, &c.

4* GEORGII IV. Cap-lxxxv.

tion of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

f XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees of the respective Districts, at any Meeting, whereof Notice in Writing, signed by Two or more of the said Trustees, shall be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon the said Roads, Ten Days at least before such Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and also a Surveyor or Surveyors, and all such other Officers as the said Trustees shall think necessary; and also may remove from Time to Time all or any such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, as the said Trustees shall see occasion; and upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of such Officers, or any of them, the said Trustees may appoint others in their stead; and out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees shall make such Allowances to their respective Officers and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem reasonable and proper.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees of their respective Districts, if they shall think proper, to continue or remove all and every or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates and Toll Houses now standing and being in and upon or across the said Road, or on the Sides thereof j and to erect and set up or build or cause to be erected, set up, and built upon, in, or across the Said Roads, or any Part thereof, or upon or across the Entrance to any Road, Lane, or Way, leading into the same, or any Part thereof, any Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Side Bars, Chains, and Weighing Machines, with Toll Houses, Outbuildings, Lamps, and other Conveniences thereto; and to inclose on the Sides of the said Roads suitable Garden Spots for such respective Toll Houses, (not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre to each Toll House) as the said Trustees shall think necessary; and from Time to lime to take down and remove, or to alter and discontinue the same, or any of them, as the said Trustees shall think proper and direct or appoint; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

7

4° GEORGII IV. Cbp.lxxxv.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees of the respective Districts absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said Act hereby repealed, on the said Roads to be improved and repaired by virtue of this Act, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, where they shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same, and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so purchased, discharged from all Trust, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof: Provided always, that such Preference of purchasing shall be given to the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given where any Piece or Pieces of Ground or old Road, not wanted for the Purposes of any Turnpike Road, is authorized to be sold and disposed of.

XV. And be it further enacted, That after the First Meeting of the said Trustees of the said respective Districts of the said Road, the Tolls and Duties herein-after mentioned shall be demanded and taken at each of the respective Toll Gates, Turnpikes, and Side Gates, continued or erected by virtue of this Act, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or their Lessees for the Time being, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the same; (that is to say),

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Chaise, Curricle, or Gig, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Taxed Cart, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence: For every Horse or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three Halfpence:

For every Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, Calves, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

And the said Tolls and Duties by this Act granted and made payable as aforesaid, shall be and they are hereby vested in the said Trustees of the said

tail

Power lo sell the present Toll Houses.

New Tolls.

1812

Toll to be paid but Once a Day at the same Gate.

Not more than Two Tolls to be taken in either District.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxv.

said Districts of the said Road respectively, for the Time being, for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be received and taken at such Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Side Gates, as the Trustees of the said respective Districts of the said Road shall from Time to Time think proper and shall order and direct, and shall be applied and disposed of in manner herein-after provided or mentioned.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject to the Payment of Toll more than Once in any one Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night) for passing and repassing with the same Horse or Horses, Beasts or Cattle, through the same Turnpike (except as herein-after mentioned), such Person or Persons producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll, and which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Payment of the Toll.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than Two Tolls shall be demanded or taken in either of the said Districts of the said Road from any Person or Persons, for passing and repassing on the same Day with the same Horse or Horses, Cattle, Beast or Beasts, Carriage or Carriages, through all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes, erected or to be erected upon or by the Side of the said respective Districts of the said Road; and that the said Trustees respectively in their respective Districts of the said Road shall and may and they are hereby empowered to order and direct what Gate or Gates shall be freed by Payment of Toll at any other or others of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes on the same District of the said Road.

Stage XVIII. Provided, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby

Coaches and made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or other to°SV^efe*68 ^atde drawing any Stage Coach, Van, Caravan, or Stage Waggon, or Tlmeof^pass* other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay or Reward, ing and re- every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads; and also for passing. and in respect of all Horses or other Cattle drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage travelling for Hire, for every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads, upon every Time of a new Hiring of such Post Chaise or other Carriage, on a Ticket being produced denoting a fresh Hiring.

Tolls may be

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ConsTnt ofh trustees of the said respective Districts of the said Road, and they are Fire-sixths of be.reby empowered from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall Creditors, or think proper, to lessen or reduce the Tolls by this Act granted or made at First Meet- payable at all or any of the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars to be continued Consent °Ut or erected by vir.tue of this Act> within their respective Districts, and to raise the same again, so as they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Act granted and made payable, but so that no such Reduction shall be made unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof shall be affixed in Writing upon the several Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected upon that District of the said Road wherein the Tolls are intended to be reduced or lessened, declaring the Intention of reducing or lessening the same, and shall also be inserted in One or more of the Newspapers published or

generally

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxv.

generally circulated in the Counties through which such District of the said Road shall pass, and so as every Reduction thereof be made with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entirled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money then due on Security of the Tolls of. that District of the said Road : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said respective Districts of the said Road, at their first Meeting appointed to be held after the passing of this Act, to lessen or reduce the Amount of the Tolls to be taken by virtue of this Act, within their respective Districts, without any such Consent or Notice as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to put up or cause to be put up, and afterwards to be continued, at every Toll Gate erected or continued by virtue of this Act, a Table painted in distinct and legible Black Letters on a Board with a White Ground, containing at the Top thereof the Name of the Gate at which the same shall be put up, and also a List of all the Tolls payable at every such Gate, distinguishing the several Tolls, and the different Sorts of Carriages for which they are to be paid, where there shall be any Variation therein, and also a List of the several Gates which shall be wholly or partially cleared by the Payment of Toll at the Toll Gate or Bar where such Table of Tolls shall be affixed; and the said Trustees shall also provide Tickets denoting the Payment of Toll, and on such several Tickets shall be specified the Name of the Gate at which the same respectively shall be delivered, and also the Names of the several Gates freed by such Payment, One of which Tickets shall be delivered gratis to the Person paying the Toll; and on the Production of such Ticket at any Gate or Gates therein mentioned as being cleared as aforesaid by the Payment of the Toll at the Gate where such Ticket was delivered, the Person producing the same shall pass through the Gate or Gates therein mentioned, without paying any further or additional Toll.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse or other Beast passing through any of the Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Side Gates continued or erected by virtue of this Act, employed in drawing, carrying, or conveying, or going to draw, carry, or convey, or returning from drawing, carrying, or conveying, having been employed only in drawing, carrying, or conveying on the same Day, any Underwood grown in any Parish in which the Owner thereof shall reside, and the said Toll Gate, Turnpike, or Side Gate shall st§nd, not sold or disposed of, or going to be sold or disposed of, but to be laid up or used in or about the Houses, Outhouses, Bams, Yards, or Lands of the Owner thereof within the same Parish, or'any Plough, Harrow, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Implement of Husbandry to be taken to any Place in such Parish for the Purpose of being repaired, or to be brought back from such Place after the same shall have been repaired, unless the Carriage be laden with any other thing not hereby intended to be exempted from Payment of Toll.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize or empower the said Trustees, in repairing, widening, and improving the said Roads, or either of them, to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery far [Local.] 20 R Xrees,

1813

Table of Tolls to be put up-

Exemptions,

Trustees restrained from pulling downHouses.

1814

Application of Tolls and 6ther Monies.

Inc

i of

Nonpayment of Compensation for Materials, Damages, or Injury done by the said Trustees, &c. the same to be levied by Distress on the Goods of such Trustees

Treasurer.

4* GEORGII IV. Cayo.lxxxv.

Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which have arisen by virtue of the said recited Act hereby repealed, or which shall arise and be produced in or upon either of the said Districts of the said Roads respectively, by and from the Tolls by this Act granted and made payable therein, together with the Monies which shall from Time to Time be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls to be collected therein, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees of such District respectively for the Time being, as separate and distinct Funds, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be applied in the Order and Manner following; (videlicet), in the first Place, in paying the Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending the preparing, obtaining, and passing of this Act, and charged upon and made payble out of the Fund of such District as herein-after mentioned; in the second Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several Principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be secured upon the Credit of the Tolls to arise in such District respectively in pursuance of this Act; in the third Place, in defraying the Expences of erecting or providing Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and repairing the same, and of repairing, widening, and altering the said Road, and of erecting and making necessary and convenient Bridges upon the same, and of executing the several other Powers and Purposes of this Act in such District respectively; and lastly, in reducing and paying off, and discharging the same several Principal Sums; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, if they shall think fit, to ascertain the Order and Priority in which the same several Principal Sums shall be reduced or paid off by Ballot.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act of the-Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees of the respective Districts, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such Justice or Justices from the Clerk to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, in pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices, then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, 9 Damages,

1815

4" GEORGII IV.

Cup. lxxxv.

Damages, Spoil, or Injury as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and m such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of the said last recited Act or this Act, all such Sums, Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he shall pay or be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable a our* towards the repairing and amending the said Road, shall be and remain liable thereto in like manner in every respect as they now are or have heretofore been; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said Counties of Huntingdon, Bedford, and Bucking-bamt within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor of the said Road, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Places in or through which the said Road doth or shall lie, lead, or pass, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, to bring in a List before the said Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such List the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively to pay over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer such Proportion of the Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice m Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of

Abode

1816

Eipences of this Act.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cup.lxxxv.

Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force or effect for Repairs of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on any Part of the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle and negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road $ all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for' every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress andnSale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Huntingdon and Buckingham, within their respective Jurisdictions, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor to the said Trustees.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, with lawful Interest upon any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be advanced for the Payment thereof, shall be paid in equal Moieties or Half Parts, by the Trustees of each of the said Districts of the said Road, out of the Money already collected or received by virtue of the said recited Act hereby repealed, or out of the first Monies to be collected or received by virtue of this Act upon the said Districts of the said Road respectively, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect upon the Sixth Day of July next after the same shall receive the Royal Assent, and shall be continued in force from thenceforth for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

9 : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Crtjo.lxxxvi.

An Act for repairing, widening, and maintaining the Road leading from Horsham in the County of Sussex, through Dorking and Leathcrhead, to Epsom in the County of Surrey, and from Capel to Stone Street at Ockley, in the said County of Surrey.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for 28G. 2. c. 45. widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham in the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickleham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch-house in Ebbisham in the County of Surrey, and from Capell to Stone Street in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign 16G. 3. C. 70. of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham in the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking,

Mickleham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch-house in Ebbisham in the County of Surrey, and from Capell to Stone Street in the Parish of Ockley in the said County of Surrey: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the [Local.'] 20 S Third,

1818

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvi.

42 6.3.0.23^ Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers of Two Acts, one passed in the Twenty-eighth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in toe Sixteenth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham in the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickleham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch-house in Ebbisham in the County of Surrey, and from Capell to Stone Street in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey: And whereas the Trustees acting under the said recited Acts, or some of them, have borrowed at Interest several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, for amending and improving the same, and a considerable Part of which Money still remains due and owing, and the Term granted and continued by the said Acts is near expiring: And whereas the said Roads cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, nor can the Money so borrowed be repaid, or the Interest thereon be discharged, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged: And whereas an Act was passed

3G.4.C. 126. in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act

to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England : And whereas it would facilitate the Execution of the Purposes aforesaid, if the said first Three recited Acts were repealed, and further Provisions made for the Repair of the

Three first said Roads: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; recited Acts and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with repealed. the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Acts of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and of the Sixteenth and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed; and that this Act shall from thenceforth commence and take Effect and be putin Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Horsham in the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickleham, and Leatherhead to the Watch-house in Epsom in the County of Surrey, and from Capell to Stone Street in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey; and this Act, and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies heretofore borrowed, or which are now due and owing on the Credit or on account of the said first Three recited Acts or any of them, and of all Interest due and to grow due on the same Monies, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, or of the Tolls

All Persons hereby authorized to be collected; and that all and every Persons and owing Money Person owing any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing liable a ref sa^ ^rst Three recited Acts, shall be liable to the Payment thereof

all Bonds, to the Trustees herein-after appointed or directed to be appointed for Contracts, executing this Act; and all Conveyances, Bonds, Covenants, Agree-bCforcee*n>ain raents» Contracts and Securities, made to or by, or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for executing the said first Three recited Acts, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same shall

10

be

1819

4° GEORGII IV. Ca/>.lxxxvi.

be fully satisfied and performed on account and for the Benefit of the Trusts under this Act: and all Lettings of Tolls, and all Bargains, Con- and all Contracts, Agreements, or Notices, made, entered into, or given by the said tracts,&c. by Trustees for executing the said first Three recited Acts, with or to any Person or Persons, for any Purpose relating to the said Roads, shall re- forCe. main in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Trustees under this Act, and by the other respective Parties to such Lettings,

Bargains, Contracts, Agreements, or Notices, according to the Terms,

Stipulations, and the true and equitable Intent and Meaning thereof notwithstanding the Repeal of the said first Three recited Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Appointment Peace acting for the County of Sussex, and all His Majesty's Justices of of Trustees, the Peace acting for the County of Surrey for the Time being, together

with William Ansell, Henry Boulton, Richard Boulton, Robert Barclay,

Alfred Burmester Clerk, Charles Barclay, James Shudi Broadwocd, ‘Thomas Broadwood, Richard Byron, John William Commerell, William Stanley Clarke,

Thomas Dickins, James Dallaway Clerk, George Feachum Clerk, Thomas Hope, William Heberden Clerk, Thomas Langley, Richard Lowndes, George Milner, Ebenezer Fuller Maitland, Sir Lucas Pepys Baronet, Henry Peters,

Thomas Piper, Hugh James Rose Clerk, Lee Stcere Steere, John Sykes,

Richard Sharp, William Sandbam, John Webb, and John Warneford Clerk, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, altering, turning, widening, improving and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Pro- Extending visoes. Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters General Act and Things, enacted and contained in the said recited Act, passed in the to tllis Act-Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend

the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England (save and except such Parts thereof as are expressly varied, altered, or repealed by this Act), shall be of the same Force, Effect, and Validity, for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Power to said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time appoint to Time, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, additional to elect and appoint any Number of Persons (not exceeding Five in the irustces-whole, in Addition to the Number of Trustees herein named and appointed), to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act; and such Persons

so elected and appointed, and being duly qualified according to the Provisions or Directions of the said last recited Act, and having taken and subscribed the Oath, or being a Quaker, having made and subscribed tile Affirmation in the said Act mentioned, shall be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act, as if they had been herein named.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Trustees to be capable of acting as a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, be sworn, unless he shall be qualified in such Manner as in and by the said last recited

1820

4* GEORGII IV. CajB.lxxxvi.

recited Act is directed and prescribed; and unless, being so qualified, he shall, before he shall act as a Trustee, (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation mentioned in the said last recited Act, and the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned), take and subscribe, or being of the People called Quakers, shall make and subscribe before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same), the Oath or Affirmation following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly 4 A affirm], That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of

* my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities,

* and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act passed in

* the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth,

* intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act~\, and of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled

1 [here set forth the Title of the Act.'] So help me GOD.'

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words So help me God/]

And if any Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, (except as aforesaid) before he shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath (or, being of the People called Quakers, have made and subscribed such Affirmation), every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action or Debt or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed : Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Proceeding touching the Execution of the said last recited Act or this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person who shall have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath (or, being of the People called Quakers, to make and subscribe the Affirmation) by this Act prescribed, shall be thereby impeached or rendered nugatory; but all such Proceedings shall be as .valid and effectual as if such Person had taken such Oath or made such Affirmation previously to his having acted as such Trustee as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for executing this Act shall meet together at the Red Lion Inn, or some other convenient Place in the Town of Dorking aforesaid, on the Second Monday after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall and may then, and from Time to Time after, adjourn to and meet at such Times, and at such Place or Places, within the said Town of Dorking, as they shall think proper j and in case a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act shall not appear at any Time and Place appointed for a Meeting, then the Trustees or Trustee appearing at such Time and Place, or if no Trustee shall appear, then the Clerk shall, and they and he are and is hereby respectively authorized to adjourn the Meeting to the Place where the same was appointed to have been held, and to such Time as they or he shall think fit, not being more than Thirty Days, nor sooner than Ten Days from the Day of such last intended Meeting; and in case at any Time no Adjournment of any Meeting or intended Meeting shall be made as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk to the said Trustees, or for any Two or more of such Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, to call a Meeting of the

Trustees,

Meetings of Trustees.

Adjourn-

ments.

If no Adjournment be made, the Clerk, or

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvi.

Trustees, by Notice to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in each of the said Counties of Sussex and Surrey, and affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates on the said Roads, appointing the Trustees to meet at such Time and Place within the said Town of Dorking as the said Clerk or the said Trustees respectively, giving such Notice, shall think proper, not exceeding Thirty Days nor sooner than Ten Days after the Publication of such Notice; and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act, or the said last recited Act, given to, and all the Matters and Things by this Act, or the said last recited Act, directed or authorized to be done by the said Trustees, shall and may be executed and done by or before the Majority of the Trustees assembled at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, the whole Number present not being less than Three, and the same shall be of as full Force and Effect as if executed or done by or before all the Trustees for executing this Act (except in such Cases where any such Power, Authority, Matter, or Thing is by this Act, or the said last recited Act, particularly directed or authorized to be executed or done by any other Number of Trustees, or in any other Manner) $ and at all Meetings to be held for the Purposes of this Act, a Chairman shall or may be appointed; and in all Cases where there shall be an Equality of Votes upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman), such Chairman shall have the casting or decisive Vote; and all Orders made under the Powers and Provisions of this Act, or of the said recited Acts, may be revoked or altered if Occasion shall require; provided that no such Order shall be revoked or altered, except at some Meeting where not less than Five Trustees shall be present, nor unless the Majority of the Trustees so present shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration, nor unless Notice of the Intention to make such Revocation or Alteration shall have been given at a previous Meeting of the said Trustees, and entered in the Book of Proceedings of such Meeting, and also affixed (such Notice being first signed by any Three or more Trustees, whether assembled at a Meeting or not) on all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon the said Roads, Twenty-one Days at least before the Meeting at which such Revocation or Alteration shall be made; and the Trustees shall at their several Meetings pay and defray their own Expences, except any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings per Diem for the Use of the Room wherein they shall meet.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That One Meeting of the Trustees within the Year shall be held within the said Town of Horsham.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary, for the better Execution of this Act, that the said Trustees should meet on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk to the Trustees, by or under an Order in Writing signed by Two or more Trustees, or for any Two or more Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, to call a Meeting of the Trustees, to be held at such Time and Place in the said Town of Dorking as they shall think proper, by Notice signed by such Clerk or Trustees, mentioning the Time, and Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, to be inserted in some public Newspapers usually circulated in each of the said Counties of Sussex and Surrey, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then standing

[Local.'] ao T or

1821"J

Two Trustees, may call a Meeting by Notice.

Powers of the Act may be executed by

moreTrus-

Meeting, and the Proceedings of the Majority of the Trustees present, shall be as valid as if all the Trustees had been present.

No Order to be revoked unless Five T rustees present, and major Part concur.

One Meeting in the Year to be held at Horsham.

Meetings on Emergencies.

1822

Books kept of Accounts of Receipts and Disburse-

former Acts shall be open to the Inspection of the Trustees and Creditors.

Penalty for Refusal of Inspection.

Appointment of Officers.

Persons selling Ale, &c. by Retail, not to hold Places of Profit.

Treasurer, &c. to give Security.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvi.

or being across the said Roads, (such Time being not less than Fourteen Days after Publication of such Notice); and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment: Provided always, that no other Business than what shall be specified in such Notice shall be transacted at any such Meeting.

IX. 'And be it further enacted, That all Books of Proceedings of the Trustees in Execution of the said first Three recited Acts, and all Books of Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements made under the said first Three recited Acts, and all Books for registering Mortgages or Assignments made in pursuance thereof, shall be preserved and kept by the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees, and shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, and any Creditor or Creditors of the Tolls, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit or shall not permit the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any of them, to inspect the said Book or Books, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any of their Meetings shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary; and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Removal of any such Officer or Officers may appoint another or others in his or their Stead; and every such Appointment and Removal shall be entered in the Book of the Proceedings of the Trustees; and Fourteen Days Notice shall be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in each of the said Counties of Sussex and Surrey, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates standing or being across the said Roads, of every Meeting where any such Appointment or Removal shall be intended to be made after the first Meeting of the said Trustees, specifying the Intention of appointing or removing such Officer or Officers; and the said Trustees shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries, and make such Allowances to such Officers, and other Persons employed, or who shall assist in the Execution of this Act, for their Services in or about the carrying of this Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable: Provided always, that no Person shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act, who shall sell any Ale, Beer, Wine, Spirituous Liquors, or Provisions, by Retail.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized, directed, and required to take sufficient Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, appointed by virtue of this Act, for the due and faithful Discharge and Execution of their respective Offices.

5

4° GEORGII IV. C«/>.lxxxvi. 1823

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every Old Treasurer, who shall have been appointed consistently with the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present ol)e, el«cted Majesty, and such Appointment being according to the Directions and Provisions of this Act, and each and every Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer appointed under and by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts, shall hold and enjoy such their several and respective Offices and Employments until removed therefrom by the Trustees for executing this Act; and each and every such Treasurer, Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer, shall have the like Power and Authority for the Purposes of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties, and to the like Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever, as if he had been appointed by virtue of this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Clerk not to lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who hath act "s Tree-been or who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of ""rv’e""4 this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person

in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint the Person who hath been or who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, to be the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Trustees other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Col- Trustees may lector or Receiver of the Tolls shall neglect or be incapable of performing appoint tem-his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, or otherwise misbehave or PorarT Cot-misconduct himself, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of lecl0"-

the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver and in such Case, and also in case any Collector or Receiver shall die' to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the Trustees, or until removed by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, which Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as if he or they had been nominated and appointed at a Meeting under and by virtue of this Act. 8

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvi.

XV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Clerk, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officer, appointed under or by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts, and who shall be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time, within Ten Days after being thereunto required, by Notice signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, given to him or them, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they for that Purpose shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing, under his or their Hand or respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by him or them respectively had, collected, or received by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts and this Act respectively, and how and to whom and for what Purpose the same and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments; and such Officers and Persons shall and they are hereby respectively required, within Seven Days after so exhibiting their Accounts, or within such other further Time as the said Trustees shall order or appoint, to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their or his Hands, to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the same, or to pay the Balance remaining in their or his Hands within the Time or in Manner aforesaid, if thereunto required by the said Trustees; or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take the same, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power in anywise relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Roads, and Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing shall live or reside, by the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons by them authorized on their behalf, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required to summon such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, to appear before him; and in case such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, shall not appear upon such Summons (the same having been served upon him or them personally, or left at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode, and no reasonable Cause or Causes to the Satisfaction of the said Justice being shewn for such Non-appearance), to issue a Warrant or Warrants for the Apprehension of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons; and it shall be lawful for such Justice, upon the Appearance of such Officer or Officers or Person or Persons, upon such Summons, or upon his or their being apprehended and brought before such Justice by virtue of such Warrant, or upon his or their having absconded or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in the same Manner as the Trustees might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been so had, collected, and received, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, or Person

4W GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvi.

Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the same, or if such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, appearing, or being brought before the said Justice in Manner aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to such Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Roads, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he or they shall live or reside, or to any House of Correction within the same, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his and their Accounts, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his or their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as shall have been made by virtue of this Act in respect thereof, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the same, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive, or until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees or to such Justice; but no such Officer or other Person, who shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress only, shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall think proper, to continue or remove all and every or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes, and Toll Houses and Weighing Machines now standing and being in or upon or across the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof; and also to erect, set up, or build, or cause to be erected, set up, or built, upon, in, or across the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or upon or across the Entrance to any public Road, Lane, or Way leading into the same, or any Part thereof, within Three hundred Yards of the said Roads, when, where, and as they shall judge necessary, any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Gate or Side Gates, Side Bar or Side Bars, Chain or Chains, Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, and also One or more Toll House or Toll Houses, with Outhouses and Conveniences suitable thereto, at or near each Gate, Bar, Chain, or Weighing Machine; and also to take in and inclose, on the Sides of the said Roads, suitable Garden Spots for the same respectively, not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Statute Acre each, as they the said Trustees shall think meet and expedient; and from Time to Time to take down and remove or to alter or discontinue the same or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and direct or appoint.

20 U XVII. And

1825

For continuing and erecting Turnpike*.

4" GEORGII IV. Cflja.lxxxvi.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said Roads absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses already erected on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or hereafter to be erected or continued on the same by virtue of this Act, together with the Ground whereon the same may stand, and all Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances belonging thereunto, whenever the same shall be considered by the said Trustees to be useless or unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of any such Sale being made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens and Premises to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money to the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall hold and enjoy the Premises in Fee Simple, discharged from all Trusts, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of the Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof: Provided always, that such and the like Preference and Priority of purchasing the Premises so to be sold shall always be given to the Owner or Owners of the next adjoining Land, as is by the said last recited Act directed to be given in case of the Sale of any Piece or Pieces of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of a Turnpike Road, and for that Reason sold by the Trustees under the Powers of the said last recited Act.

Power to

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

take Tolls. for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed or continued or to be appointed Collector or Collectors, to demand and take the several Tolls herein-after mentioned, at the several and respective Turnpikes or Toll Gates or Toll Houses, or Side Bars or Side Gates or Chains, which are or shall be standing and being, or continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, and on every Day, each Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night; (that is to say).

Tolls. For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Chariot,

Landau, Berlin, Sociable, Phaeton, Curricle, Whiskey, Chair, Taxed Cart, Chaise, Calash, or other such like Carriage, or any Hearse, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Van, Caravan, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence: For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score; and for every Half Score of such Cattle, the Sum of Sixpence, and for any less Number than Half a Score of such Cattle, the Sum of One Halfpenny each:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score; and for every Half Score thereof, the Sum of Threepence, and for any less Number than Half a Score of such Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of One Farthing each:

Which said respective Tolls or Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken as aforesaid, before any Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast or Cattle,

Coach,

1820

Toll Houses becoming useless may be sold.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvi.

Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Sociable, Phaeton, Curricle, Whiskey, Chair, Taxed Cart, Chaise, Calash, Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Van, Caravan, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate, or Side Bar or Side Gate, or Chain, and which said respective Tolls or Sums of Money shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, in Manner herein-after directed.

XIX. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, it was recited that Persons could, by turning out of the said Road and passing through a Gate along a Field and Lane leading from a Place called Gravel Hill, in the Parish of Leatberhead aforesaid evade the Payment of the lolls granted by the same Act; and it was also thereby recited, that the shutting up of the said Gate at Gravel Hill aforesaid, would be of no Inconvenience or Detriment to the Public; it was therefore by the same Act enacted, that from and after the passing thereof it should be lawful for the Trustees thereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, and they were thereby ordered and empowered, to shut up the said Gate and Way, by making and erecting such Fence or Fences as they should think proper at Gravel Hill aforesaid, to prevent Persons making use of the same as a public Road or Way, and after the said Fence or Fences should be so made or erected, it should not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to make use of the said Way and Lane as a public Road or Way, any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding : And whereas a Gate has been erected at the East End of the said Field at Gravel Hill, which is kept locked, and opened only by the Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the said Parish of Leatberhead; be it therefore hereby enacted, That it shall not at any Time hereafter be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to make use of the said Way and Lane as a public Road or Way, any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the Parish of Leatberhead aforesaid, shall be at Liberty to pass to and from such Lands without Interruption, and without being subject to the Payment of any of the Tolls aforesaid at such Gate.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to pay Toll more than Once on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) for passing and repassing as often as he shall think fit, with the same Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, through all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Side Bars or Side Gates, or Chains, already erected or which shall be erected upon any Part of the Road between the Town of Dorking aforesaid and Epsom aforesaid, such Person producing a Note or Ticket, denoting that the Toll has been paid on that Day.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall pay any of the Tolls aforesaid at any Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Side Bar, or Side Gate or Chain, already erected or to be erected upon any Part of the said Road between the said Town of Horsham and the Holmwood in the said Parish of Dorking, or between Capel and Stone Street in the Parish of

Ockley,

1827

For preventing the Evasion of Toll at Gravel Hill, Leatherhead.

Owners, &c. of Lands in Leatherhead to pass free through Gravel Hill Gate.

Tolls to be paid but Once a, Day between Dorking and Epsom.

How Tolls shall be paid between Horsham and Dorking, and between Capel and Stone Street;

1828

and between Dorking and Shiremark, or between Capel and Stone Street.

Stage

Coaches, &c. to pay every Time of passing.

Post Chaises to be subject again to Toll on every new

Present Leases to continue ip.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvi.

Ockley, shall on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid) be allowed to pass and repass Twice through such Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Side Bar, or Side Gate or Chain, and through all and every other Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Side Bar, or Side Gate or Chain upon any Part of the said Road between the said Town of Horsham and the Holmzuood, in the Parish of Dorking aforesaid, and between Capel and Stone Street in the said Parish of Ockley, with the same Horse,4Cattle, Beast, or Carriage for which such Toll was paid, but every such Person shall be liable to pay Toll again for passing a Third Time on the same Day with any such Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage as aforesaid, and so in like Manner for every Third Time of passing through any of the said Turnpikes, Toll Gates, or Side Bars, Side Gates or Chains, between the said Town of Horsham and the Holmwood in the said Parish of Dorking, and between Capel and Stone Street aforesaid j and so in like Manner any Person who shall pay any of the Tolls aforesaid, at any Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Side Bar, Side Gate or Chain, already erected or which shall be erected upon any Part of the said Roads between Dorking and Shiremark in the Parish of IVarnham, in the said County of Sussex, or between Capel and Stone Street aforesaid, shall on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid) be allowed to pass and repass Twice through such Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Side Bar, Side Gate or Chain, and through all and every other Turnpike, Toll Gate or Side Bar, Side Gate or Chain, upon any Part of the said Roads between Dorking and Shiremark, in the said Parish of Warnham, and between Capel and Stone Street aforesaid, with the same Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage for which such Toll was paid, but every such Person shall be liable to pay Toil again for passing a Third Time on the same Day with any such Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage as aforesaid, and so in like Manner for every Third Time of passing on the same Day through any of the said Turnpikes, Toll Gates, or Side Bars, Side Gates or Chains, between Dorking and Shiremark, in the said Parish of IVarnham, and between Capel and Stone Street.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing any Stage Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, or Stage Waggon, or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay or Reward, every Time of passing or repassing along the said Roads, or either of them.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby made payable shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught let out to Hire, and drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage, every Time of passing along the said Roads, whenever any new Hiring thereof shall be made.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Leases and Lease, or Letting of the Tolls arising on the said Roads, granted and made by the Trustees for executing the said first Three recited Acts, and the several Covenants thereof, shall, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said first I hree recited Acts, remain and continue in full Force and Effect, until the Expiration of the Term thereby respectively granted or agreed for, or until any other legal Determination of any such Lease or Letting f and the same, and the respective Grantees, shall be subject to the Powers and Provisions of this Act, in the same Manner as if such

9 Leases

1829

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvi.

Leases or Lease, or Letting, had been granted or made, or agreed upon by the Trustees for executing this Act, and as if the Trustees granting, making, or agreeing upon the same, had been Trustees for executing this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls Enabling arising on the said Roads shall be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer sioil of Toll or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the 1 erms and Houses when Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let; or in case the let and Rent Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or unPal Farmers, or any Part or Instalment thereof, shall be in arrear or unpaid for the Space of Three Days next after any of the Days, on which the same ought to be paid, pursuant to the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting thereof; or in case such Lease, Agreement, or Contract shall in any other Manner become void, then and in any of the said Cases, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex or County of Surrey, within their respective Jurisdictions, upon Application made by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by any Person by them appointed on their Behalf, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of every or any Foil House, 'Foil Gate,

Bar, or Chain, or Weighing Machine, and the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the Day-time, and to remove and put such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arising thereout respectively, or other the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the same, and from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls, and to give to the said Trustees, or other Persons acting by or under their Authority, Possession thereof; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall think fit, to vacate and determine the Lease, Agreement, or Contract for demising or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall accordingly be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other unperformed or broken Obligations, Covenants, or Agreements on the Lessee’s Part), as if such Lease, Agreement, or Contract had never been made; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, in every such Case, to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected in such and the same Manner as if no former Lease, Contract, or Agreement had been made relative thereto; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Turnpike Roads or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already Application received by virtue of the said first Three recited Acts, and now in the of the Tolls Treasurer’s Hands, or out of the first Money which shall arise or be and Money to received from the Tolls, Mortgages, or otherwise by this Act granted, the be b°rrowed-said Trustees shall, in the first Place, pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences relative to the obtaining and passing of this Act, with Interest for the same; and the Remainder of all such Monies shall after Payment of the necessary Expences for Advertisements, Books, Salaries of Officers, and other such Expences incidental to the Execution of this Act, from [Local, j 20 X Time

1830

Statute

Work.

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvi.

Time to Time be applied, in the second Place, in keeping down the Interest of the Principal Monies advanced or borrowed on the Credit of the said first Three recited Acts, or any of them, and which by virtue of and under the Powers of this Act may be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and in erecting Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and in amending, altering, turning, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and in otherwise putting this Act into Execution; and in the next Place, in paying off all Principal Monies heretofore borrowed, or which are now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said first Three recited Acts, or any of them, and of all Interest due and to grow due on the same Monies, in Preference to and before any Principal Monies which shall or may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, or of the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected; and lastly, in repaying the said last-mentioned Principal Monies and all Interest to grow due on the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work upon, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Sussex and Surrey within their respective Jurisdiction, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Divisions, or Places liable thereto, or in which the said Roads lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, .shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject or liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors by their Order shall from Time to Time order, direct, and 6 appoint;

1831

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvi.

appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, or Place to pay over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, such Proportion of the Composition Money for Statute Work as aforesaid as they the said Justices shall think proper, and at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him or them, at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees) shall for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as any Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off or discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships,

Hamlets, Divisions, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and such Composition Money shall and may be recovered from such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways shall live or reside, on Complaint made to such Justices by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any incase or Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed or ordered to be paid by any Nonpayment Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of the Directions of this of Compen-Act, or of the said last recited Act, as or by way of Compensation or 8^on.for Satisfaction for any Materials, Costs, Damages, Spoil, or Injury of any Damans or Nature or Kind whatsoever, done or committed by the said Trustees, or Injuries done any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and such Sum by the Trus-or Sums of Money shall not be paid by the said Trustees or their Trea- tees’ &c*th* surer (which such Treasurer is hereby authorized and empowered to pay \ledby out of any Monies received or to be received by him as such Treasurer) to Distress of the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after the Goods of Demand in Writing shall have been made, stating the Order of such suc!iTr,*tees Justice or Justices, from the Clerk of the said Trustees or their Treasurer sur^ rre*" m pursuance of the Direction or Order made by such Justice or Justices’

then

1832 4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvi.

then and in such Case the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act and the said last recited Act, or of the Goods and Chattels of their Treasurer for the Time being, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices, which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, on Application made to him or them for that Purpose by the Party or Parties entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction as aforesaid; and in case any Overplus shall remain, afterpayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining the Matter in dispute, and also the Costs and Expences of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case such Overplus shall be returned on Demand to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, as the Case may be: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer to retain, out of any Monies which he shall receive in pursuance of this Act, or the said last recited Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid.

Trustees not to be personally liable for Mortgages.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act shall not be personally subject to or charged with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, by reason of their having signed or executed any Mortgage, or Assignment by way of Mortgage, or other Security, to be made to any Person or Persons lending or advancing any Sum or Sums of Money to the said Trustees, upon the Credit of the Tolls and Revenues of the said Roads, in pursuance of the Provisions contained either in this Act or the said last recited Act; but all such Sums of Money shall be repaid out of the Tolls by this Act granted.

[Public Act.]

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon ment and the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty-one Continuance Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

nt this Act.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS-

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make an additional Tunnel through Hare-castle Hill, in the County of Stafford, and an additional Reservoir in Knypersley Valley, in the said County; and to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts for making and maintaining the said Navigation, and the several Canals connected therewith.

[17th June 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for making a Navigable Cut or Canalfrom the River 6 G.S. c. 96. Trent at or near tVilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey at or near Runcorn Gap: And whereas another Act was made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign 10G. 3. C. 102. of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut or Canalfrom the River Trent at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey at or near Runcorn Gap; and for granting further Powers for that Purpose: And whereas another Act was made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An isG.fi. c.a>. [Local.\ SO Y Act

1834

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii.

Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey at or near Runcorn Gap : And whereas another Act was made in the Sixteenth Year of the 16 G.3. c. 32- Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make a Navigable Canal from the said Navigation on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the said County, and to make other Railways : And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-23G. s. c. 33. third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts passed in the Sixth, Tenth, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the Trent to the Mersey, and a Branch from the said Canal to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the County of Stafford: And whereas another Act was made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of 37G. 3. C. 36. His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make a Navigable Canal from and out of a certain Branch of the said Navigation called the Caldon Canal, at or near Endon, to or near the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the several Canals of the said Company with Water: And whereas another Act was made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of S7G. 3. C. 81. His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to extend several Branches of Canalfrom and out of the said Navigation: And whereas another Act was made in the Forty-second Year of the 42G. 3. C. 25. Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make Railways, to alter the Course of the Railway from Froghall to Caldon, and Part of the Course of the Canalfrom Froghall to Uttoxeter, and to amend the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts: And whereas another Act was made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late 49G. 3. C. 73 Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for making a Navigable Canal from the Trent to the Mersey, and other Canals connected therewith : And whereas there is in such Part of the said first-mentioned Canal from the Trent to the Mersey as lies in the Parishes of Wolstanton and Audley, in the said County of Stafford, a Tunnel, or Subterraneous Cut or Canal, of the Length of Two thousand eight hundred Yards and upwards, under or through a certain Hill called Harecastle Hill; but which Tunnel, from the great Increase that has taken place in the Trade and Commerce of the Country since the making of the same, is become insufficient for passing the Boats navigating the said Canals with adequate Convenience and Dispatch; and it would be of great Public Utility if an additional Tunnel, or Navigable Cut or Canal, were made through the said Hill: And whereas it is expedient that an additional Reservoir be made in a certain Valley called Knypersley Valley, in the said County of Stafford, near to the present Reservoir of the said Company at Knypersley aforesaid, in order to afford a further and seasonable Supply of Water for the said

Canals

1835

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii.

Canals in dry Seasons : And whereas by the said Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to make a Trench or Gutter from their Reservoir in Rudyerd Vale to the River Dane in the said County of Stafford, and it would be of great Benefit to the said Canals if such Trench or Gutter were altered and extended so as to increase the Fall and the Flow of Water along the same: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors are willing to make such additional Canal and other Works at their own Costs and Charges: And whereas it is expedient that some of the Provisions of the said recited Acts should be amended, and further Powers be granted : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall be and they aje hereby fully authorized and empowered, by their Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, at their own Costs and Charges, to make and complete, and at all Times hereafter to continue, support, and maintain an additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from and out of their said Canal, on the South Side of the said Tunnel called Harecastle Tunnel, unto and into their said Canal on the North Side of the said Tunnel, in a parallel Course or Direction thereto, and on the Eastern Side thereof, together with necessary Towing Paths, Wharfs, and other Conveniences for the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, and to make, form, and complete an additional Reservoir at Knypersley Valley, for the Purpose of supplying the several Canals of the said Company of Proprietors with Water, with a Dam thereto not exceeding Forty five Feet in Height, and also to deepen, alter, and extend the said Trench or Gutter so as not to prejudice or affect the necessary Supplies of Water to the River Dane, or to the adjacent Farms and Lands, and to do and perform all such Matters and Things as may be necessary for making, effecting, using, and maintaining the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, and the said additional Reservoir and other Works, making Satisfaction for any Lands, Grounds, Mines, Hereditaments, or Waters that shall be taken for the Purposes of this Act, and for any Trespass or Damage that shall be done in carrying this Act into Execution, in Manner directed by the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Land to be taken and used, and for all Trespass and Damage to be done in or by the Execution of the said recited Acts or this present Act, or any of them : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to supply the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, with Water, from such and the same Sources, and in like Manner as the present Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, is now supplied.

II. And w hereas Levels and Surveys have been taken to ascertain the Practicability of making the said additional Tunnel, Cut, or Canal, and Reservoir, and altering the said Trench or Gutter, and Maps or Plans, describing the Line of the said additional Tunnel, Cut, or Canal,

and

Power to make an additional Tunnel, or Navigable Cut

from the South Side of Harecastle Tunnel, Reservoir. &c.

Surveys have been taken, and a Book of Reference made.

1836' 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii.

and the said Reservoir, and Trench or Gutter, and the Lands in and through which the same are to be carried, or made and altered; and Books of Reference thereto, containing Lists of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the respective Offices of the Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Stafford and Chester; be it therefore enacted, That the said respective Maps, Plans, and Books of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerks of the Peace, to which all Persons shall, at any seasonable Time, have Liberty to resort, and take Extracts and Copies thereof, as Occasion shall require, paying to the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, Maps, &c. and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such allowed to Copies or Extracts; and such Maps or Plans shall be allowed and be given in given in Evidence in all Cases whatsoever.

Evidence.

Canal and HI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro-be^nade^ur- Pr,etors» *n making the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, shall sua'nt to the not deviate more than Twenty Yards from the Course or Direction in Plans. the said Maps or Plans, and set forth in the said Books of Reference respectively, nor cut, carry, and convey the same into, through, across, under, or over any other Part or Parts of the several Estates, Lands, and Grounds now or late belonging, or reputed to belong, to such Person or Persons respectively, than are mentioned in the said Books of Reference.

Land Own-

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That the omitted m sa*d Company of Proprietors shall and may make the said additional the Book'of Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, and Reservoir, and alter and extend the

Reference said Trench or Gutter, through, across, or over the Lands or Grounds

not toob- of any Person or Persons whose Name or Names shall appear to the

struct the^ Satisfaction of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said

the Canal, County of Stafford, and be by them certified under their Hands to &c. be by Mistake omitted in the said Books of Reference, or that instead

thereof the Name or Names of some other Person or Persons, to whom such last-mentioned Estates, Lands, or Grounds do not belong, hath or have by Mistake been inserted therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Not to injure y. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this ouses, &c. ^ct contajnec| shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the said Company of Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons, in making the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, and other Works hereby authorized, to take, use, pull down, injure, or damage any House or other Building which was erected or built before the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, or any Land or Ground which on the last-mentioned Day was set apart and used as and for a Garden, Yard, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent in Writing of the respective Owners thereof.

Company AT. And be it further enacted, That if in making the said additional compellable Tunnel, or Cut. or Canal, and Reservoir, and altering the said Trench ImaU Slips of01 ^utter» tiny Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground shall be

cut

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii. 183?

cut through or divided, so that what shall be left on each or Land left by either Side of the said Canal, Reservoir, and Trench or Gutter, c^nal shall be less than Half an Acre in Quantity, or less than Twenty Yards in Average Breadth throughout the whole Length thereof, and if the Owner or Owners of any such Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground shall not have any other Land or Ground adjoining or contiguous to what shall be so left on either Side of the said Canal,

Reservoir, and Trench or Gutter, then and in every such Case the said Company of Proprietors shall also take and purchase the Piece or Parcel, Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground so to be left on each or either Side of the said Canal, Reservoir, and Trench or Gutter, being less than Half an Acre in Quantity, or less than Twenty Yards in Average Breadth throughout the whole Length thereof as aforesaid, and shall pay for the same after and in the same Manner as they shall pay for the Land or Ground adjoining thereto, which shall be taken and used for making the said Canal, Reservoir, and Trench or Gutter, provided the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons entitled to the Possession or to the Rents and Profits of such small Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground respectively, shall require the said Company of Proprietors to take and purchase the same, but not otherwise,

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Notice of

prietors shall not be obliged, by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, to Injury to be receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by ro"

any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Injury or Damage by within Six him, her, or them sustained or supposed to be sustained, by virtue or Months.

in consequence of the said Acts or this Act, unless Notice shall have been given in relation thereto, by or on behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said Company of Proprietors, in Manner by this Act directed, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time that such Injury or Damage shall have ceased and been discontinued.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Juries to be irapannelled, Verdict of by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in all Verdicts which they shall Va,ue of make and give in the Execution of the Powers vested in them, con- ^ama e" to cerning the Value of Lands, Mines, Mills, Tenements, and other tewcertain-Hereditaments, and any other Damages sustained or to be sustained ed sepa-by any Person or Persons, in consequence of the Execution of any rate,y-

of the Powers of the said Acts and this Act, shall distinguish the Value set upon the Lands, Mines, Mills, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, and the Money assessed or adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid, separately and apart from each other.

IX. And whereas, in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Acts and this Act, the said Company of Proprietors may be possessed of Lands and Buildings not necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of the said Acts or this Act; be it therefore further Company enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Pro- empowered prietors, by Indenture under their Common Seal, to grant and to sdl convey, by way of absolute Sale, for a Consideration in Money, fcrthePul such Part or Parts of the Lands or Buildings which shall be pose, of th«

[Locof.] 20 Z so Art.

1838

4° GEORGII IV. Cup. lxxxvii.

So purchased by and conveyed to them as aforesaid, as are not or shall not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Acts or this Act, and Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietors, shall be valid and effectual; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Lands or Buildings, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Time being, to the said Company of Proprietors, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold; which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands and Buildings shall be so sold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands or Buildings shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased the same or who would have been then entitled thereto, in case such Lands and Buildings had not been purchased by the said Company of Proprietors, the Price at which the same shall be resold being adjusted and settled by a Jury in like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is herein directed to be settled, in case of Difference or Dispute as to the Value thereof; and if such Person or Persons shall not agree or shall refuse to repurchase the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands or Buildings shall lie or be, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and that such Person or Persons did not agree or refused to purchase such Lands or Buildings (as the Case may be); and such Affidavit shall in all Courts be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to or refused.

Mode of pro- X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases wlfere Per- w^ere ky reason of Absence or otherwise the Person or Persons sons having from whom the Lands or Buildings to be resold shall have been preferable" purchased, or who would have been then entitled thereto as afore-Kight to re- sajtl cannot be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said shaUbeab Company of Proprietors, by Public Advertisement, inserted Three sent. successive Weeks in some Newspaper published within the County in which such Lands or Buildings shall be situated, or in case there shall be no such Paper, then in the London Gazette, to offer to resell such Lands or Buildings to the said Person or Persons; and if no Application shall be made to the said Company of Proprietors, signed by or on Behalf of the said Person or Persons accepting such Offer, within Six Calendar Months from the Date of the said Advertisement, such Omission or Neglect shall be considered, deemed, and taken as a Refusal on the Part of such Person or Persons to repurchase the same.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii. 18.49

XI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts Compensa-as authorises or directs any Compensation or Satisfaction to be made for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or made;n used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, by Annual Rents, shall Gross Suras be and the same is hereby repealed, and from henceforth all such a"d not by Compensations and Satisfactions shall be made by a Sum or Sums in Gross: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect or invalidate any Compensations or Satisfactions already made, and which are or shall be payable at the Time of passing this Act:

Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, with the Consent of the Parties interested, to purchase ^purchase for a Sum or Sums in Gross, any Annual Rent or Rents now payable Annual by them as a Compensation or Satisfaction for any Lands, Tene- Rents, ments, or Hereditaments purchased for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, by any Annual Rent or Rents.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Repeal of Acts of the Sixth and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His said late ^cuacs Majesty, as relates to the Appointment of Commissioners for settling, relates to determining, and adjusting, such Questions, Matters, and Differences, Commission-as are therein mentioned, and all the Powers by the said hereinbefore ers* recited Acts, or any of them vested in or given to such Commissioners, shall be anti the same are hereby repealed; provided always,

that nothing herein contained shall invalidate, prejudice, alter, or affect, any Acts, Orders, or Judgments, made, done, executed, or passed, in conformity with the said recited Acts by or before the said Commissioners previously to the passing of this Act.

XIII. And for settling all Differences and Disputes which may here- Settling after arise between the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, t>lfference« and Assigns, and any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, by a Jury' or Collegiate, touching the Compensation or Satisfaction to be paid

for any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Mines, Hereditaments, or Waters, which shall or may be taken for the Purposes of this Act, or the said recited Acts, or which shall or may be affected or prejudiced by the Execution of any of the Powers granted by this Act, or any of the said recited Acts; and in all Cases whatsoever wherein any Person or Persons shall allege to have sustained Trespass or Damage of any Kind, for which Compensation or Satisfaction is or ought to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, under the Provisions of this Act, or the said recited Acts, and in respect of which no other mode of Inquiry or Adjustment is particularly specified in this Act; be it further enacted, That in all or any of the said Cases, if any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons interested, or claiming to be interested in the several Matters aforesaid, shall refuse to accept such Recompence, Satisfaction, or Compensation, if any, as shall be offered in Writing by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Agent, and shall give Notice in Writing to the said Company of Proprietors, therein requesting that the Matter or Matters in Dispute may be submitted to the Determination of a Jury; or if any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so interested, or claiming to be interested as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company of

Proprietors

1840

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii.

Proprietors concerning the same, or shall by reason of Absence, or any other Cause, be prevented from treating, or shall by reason of Nonage or other Impediment, be incapable of treating, then, and in any of the said cases, the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to issue a Warrant under their common Seal to the Sheriff of the County, where the Premises in respect of which such Question may arise shall be situated, or in case such Sheriff shall happen to be one of the said Company of Proprietors, or enjoying any Office of Trustor Profit under them, or shall be otherwise interested in the Matters in question, then to any one of the Coroners of the said County, not so interested; or if all the Coroners shall be so interested, then to the last Person then in being who filled the said Office of Sheriff of the same County, who shall not be so interested as aforesaid, commanding such Sheriff' or Coroner, or other Person, to summon and impannel and return a Jury of at least Eighteen sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to be returned for the Trial of Issues, joined in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Sheriff or Coroner, or other Person as aforesaid; or such other Person or Persons as the said Sheriff Coroner, or other Person, shall depute or appoint to act on such Occasion, at such Time and Place as shall in such Warrant be appointed; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place to be ap-appointed as aforesaid, the said Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, being so qualified as aforesaid to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Sheriff Coroner, or other Person or Persons, is or are hereby empowered and required to summon and call before him or them, all and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching the Matters in Question, and mav order and authorize the said Jury, or any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places or Matters in Controversy: and such Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person or Persons, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer) shall enquire of, assess, and ascertain whether any and what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by way of Recompence, Satisfaction, or Compensation, either for Damages, or on any Occasion, or for any Reason whatever, which shall, according to the Provisions of this Act, or the said recited Acts, require any Recompence, Satisfaction, or Compensation, to be made or given, and the said Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall accordingly give Judgment for such Recompence, Satisfaction, or Compensation, if any, as shall be assessed by such Jury, which said Verdict, and the Judgment to be thereupon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons whomsoever, provided that not less than Ten Days Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting of the said Sheriff; Coroner, or other Person or Persons, and the said Jury, shall be given

by

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii. 1841

by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors to the Party or Parties with whom any such Controversy shall arise, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling-House of such Person or Persons, or the Clerk or Agent ot any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises to be valued, or respecting which any such Question shall arise; and the said Verdict and Judgment shall be signed by the said Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person or Persons pronouncing the same; and shall not afterwards be removed, or be removable by Certiorari, or any other Process, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Court whatsoever, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if such Sheriff, or any Coroner Penalty on or other Person herein-before authorized and directed to act in the Sheriff, Stead of such Sheriff, shall make Default in the Premises, he shall for wknesses every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Fifty making De-Pounds, and if any Person so to be summoned and returned upon fault.

any such Jury as aforesaid, shall not appear without sufficient Excuse, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or give a Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if any Person so to be summoned to give Evidence as aforesaid shall not appear on being paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her, or their Costs and Expenses, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, examined, or to give Evidence, then and in such Case every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, for the Benefit of the Party for or on whose Account such Jury or Witness shall be summoned, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be levied by virtue of any Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the County where such Person shall live or reside by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, rendering to him or them the Overplus of the Money thereby produced after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries, to How the be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Directions and Authority Expenses of of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall give in and deliver a Ver-

diet or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfaction ness to be for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in borne, any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, to be taken for making the said Canals and other Works thereby authorized, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Company of Proprietors, before the summoning or returning of any Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right,

Interest, or Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such case the Costs and Expenses of summoning and returning the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expenses attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or out of any Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act; but [Local.'] 21 A if

1842

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii.

if any such Jury or Juries, so summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more, or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Company of Proprietors, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, or Losses or Damages as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expenses of summoning and returning the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expenses as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid, in equal Proportions, by the Person or Persons with whom the said Company of Proprietors shall have such Controversy or Dispute, and the said Company of Proprietors; which said Costs and Expenses having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place wherein the Cause of Dispute shall arise, not interested in the Matter in Question, (who is hereby required to examine and settle the same,) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expenses, in case the same, or any Part thereof, shall exceed such Damages, and shall not be paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the said Company of Proprietors, by the Ways and Means hereinafter provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures $ provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall, by Reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating, such Costs and Expenses shall be borne and paid by the said Company of Proprietors, in Manner aforesaid, any thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

jurors to be

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Jury and Juryman under same as aforesaid shall also be liable and subject to the same Regulations, Regulations Pains and Penalties as if such Jury and Juryman had been returned as those of por the Trial of any Issue joined in His Majesty's Courts of Record Westminster. at Westminster; and that all and every Person and Persons who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act upon his, her, or their Oath, or Oaths, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence before any such Jury, shall and may be prosecuted for the same, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject and liable to the same Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable.

Persons re-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Per-questinga sons with whom the said Company of Proprietors may have any 'into Bond^to suc^ Controversy or Dispute as aforesaid shall, before the said Com-prosecute. Pany of Proprietors shall be obliged to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for summoning of such Jury, enter into a Bond to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, in a Penalty of One hundred Pounds, to prosecute such his, her, or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Expenses of summoning

such

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii. 1843

such Jury and taking such Inquest, and of summoning and Attendance of Witnesses, in case such Costs and Expenses shall fall upon him, her, or them to pay, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Verdicts and Judgments shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace of the County horded ' wherein the Matter in Question shall arise, amongst the Records of the Quarter Sessions of the said County, and shall be deemed Records to all Intents and Purposes; and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have free Liberty to inspect the same, paying for each Inspection the Sum of One Shilling and no more, and also to make Copies thereof, paying for each Copy after the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Repealing so Act,passedinthe Thirty-seventh Year of theReignof His late Majesty, mu5,h of

as directs that full Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made for 'ctsa* all the Tythes, both great and small, of the Lands which shall be taken Compensa-or made use of by the said Company of Proprietors to the several tion for Persons who may be entitled thereto, such Tythes to be estimated Tyhws, c«-at the Average Value of the Three Years commencing at Michael- pens-,;" mas Day One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and ending already at Michaelmas Day One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall made, be and the same is hereby repealed : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect or invalidate any Recompence or Satisfaction, by Rents-Charge, or otherwise, which the said Company of Proprietors shall have made or granted for Tythes, previous to the passing of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Furnace of every Steam- Sieam-En-Engine erected or to be erected by the said Company of Proprie- Slnes " I0"' tors, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this Act, shall be owTsmo'ke constructed upon the best Principle of consuming its own Smoke.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Places Regulating where the Line of the said Canals by the said Acts and this Act Ascent to authorized to be made shall cross any Public Carriage Road, the BridSe3-Ascent to every Bridge hereafter to be made over the said Canals,

or any of them, for the Purpose of such Road, shall not be more than One Foot in Thirteen Feet, and that a good and sufficient Fence shall be made on each Side of every such Bridge, which Fence shall not be less than Four Feet above the Surface of such Bridge.

XXII. And whereas the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, Time for will require considerable Time in the due Execution of it, but may be completing completed, if not prevented by inevitable Accident, within the Space Works-of Ten Years; and the said Reservoir and Trench or Gutter may

be completed within the Space of Seven Years from the passing of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That if the said additional Tunnel or Cut or Canal shall not have been completed within the Space of Ten Years, and the said Reservoir and Trench or Gutter within the

Space

1844 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii.

Space of Seven Years from the passing of this Act, so as to answer the Objects of this Act, all the Powers and Provisions given and granted by this Act, in respect thereof, shall from thenceforth cease and become void, save only and except as to so much of the said Works as shall have been completed within the respective Times aforesaid.

Tonnage al-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said taken to bC Company Proprietors from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to ask, demand, take, and recover, to and for their own Use and Benefit, for Tonnage and Wharfage, for every Ton of Coal, Stone, Timber, and other Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities whatsoever, which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed upon or through the said additional Cut or Canal, such Rates or Duties as the said Company of Proprietors shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny per Mile, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Quantity than a Ton, and also in Proportion for a greater or less Distance than- a Mile; which said Rates and Duties shall be paid to such Person or Persons at such Place or Places and in such Manner and under such Regulations, as the said Company of Proprietors shall direct or appoint; and in case of Neglect or Denial of Payment on Demand of any such Rates or Duties, or any Part thereof, to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may sue for and recover the same, in such Manner as the said Rates or Duties are by the said former Acts directed to be sued for or recovered, subject to such and the same Exemptions as are specified and contained in the said recited Acts.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That for and towards making the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, and Reservoir, and other Works hereby authorized to be made or done, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to borrow and raise, by Mortgage of their said several Canals, Undertakings, and Premises, and the Rates and Duties thereby arising, at legal or less Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, from such Person or Persons who shall be willing to lend the same; and to assign the same Premises, or any Part thereof, as a Security for such Sum or Sums of Money with Interest; and that all the Regulations and Provisions in the said recited Acts or any of them contained, with respect to borrowing Money, and transferring the Securities for the same, shall be extended to this Act.

Company may raise Money by Mortgage of the Tolls, and Duties and Securities may be transferred.

Power to

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall smah Parcels am' may law^u'to and for the said Company of Proprietors, topur-of Land con. chase from any Person or Persons who may be willing to sell the raining same, any small Pieces or Parcels of Land lying adjacent or near to

Materials. the several Navigable Canals or other Works of the said Company of Proprietors, containing any Materials proper for the maintaining and repairing of the said Canals or other Works of the said Company of Proprietors, where such Materials shall be wanted for that Purpose, not exceeding Twenty Statute Acres in the whole, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

6

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Coals, Iron-stone, and other Minerals which shall be found and dug up in making, carrying on, and completing the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, shall be laid upon the Surface of the Lands in some convenient Place near the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, at the Expense of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, and Assigns, and it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons respectively, in whose Lands or Grounds such Coals, Ironstone, or other Minerals shall be found and dug up, to take, carry away, and dispose of the same to and for his and their own Use and Benefit, not thereby impeding or obstructing the making and carrying on the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, or other Works hereby authorized to be made; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Mines or Minerals which shall or may be discovered or cut in the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, to make a Sough or Soughs, Drain or Drains, to unwater the remaining Part of such Mines or Minerals, and to discharge the Water arising and flowing from the same into such additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, in such Manner, nevertheless, and under and subject to such Restrictions, Regulations, and Provisions as are contained in the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of His said late Majesty, in respect of any Soughs or Drains thereby authorized to be made for the unwatering of any Mines or Minerals, and discharging the Water flowing from the same into any Tunnel or Aqueduct.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Owner or Worker of any Mine or Mines, Mineral or Minerals, nor any other Person whosoever, shall open, dig, sink, or carry on any Work for discovering or getting of any Mine or Mines, Mineral or Minerals, within the Distance of Thirty Yards on either Side of the said additional Tunnel, or Cut cr Caual; nor shall any Mine or Mines, Mineral or Minerals, be worked or got under the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, or within such Distance from the same as aforesaid, without the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors in Writing, under their Common Seal for that Purpose first had and obtained, save and except Liberty for the Owners or Workers of such Mines, to cut and drive such Gateways or Levels, and such Headings, Air-ways, anil Water-ways, as may be necessary for working the other Part or Parts of such Mines, so as such Gateways or Levels do not exceed Four Feet and Six Inches in Breadth, and Six Feet in Height, and such Headings, Air-ways, or Water-ways, do not exceed Two Feet and Three Inches in Width, and Three Feet in Height, and that none of the said Gateways or Levels, Headings, Air-ways, or Water-ways, be nearer to each other than Six Yards, and that the same be done and made under the Direction and Inspection of the Engineer for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors, and be afterwards used and enjoyed without Injury or Prejudice to the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Mines or Minerals lying under the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, or within the Distance of Thirty Yards on the Eastern Side thereof, shall become workable in the due and regular Course of

1845

Coals, &c. got in dig-ging the Canal may be taken by the Proprietors of the Land.

Owners of Mines not to get the same within Thirty Yards of the additional Tunnel.

Satisfaction to Mine Owners.

1846

Power to Purchase further Part of Mines, See.

Satisfaction for Damages-

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii.

working and getting the same, the said Company of Proprietors shall pay to the Owners or Workers of such Mines or Minerals respectively such Price or Prices in proportion to their several Interests therein as the said Parties shall agree upon, for so much of the said Mines or Minerals, as shall be contained within the intermediate Range or Space from a Line to be drawn Thirty Yards East of the said present Tunnel to Thirty Yards East of the said additional Tunnel, or Cut, or Canal; and if any Question or Dispute shall arise between the said Company of Proprietors and any such Owners or Workers of the said Mines or Minerals, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, touching the Value of the said Mines or Minerals, or the Price to be paid for the same, then the same shall be settled and determined by a Jury to be summoned and returned in manner directed by this Act.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Company of Proprietors shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, judge it necessary that any further Part or Parts of the said Mines or Minerals, over and above the said Space or Distance of Thirty Yards, should be left for the Security and Preservation of the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, then it shall be lawful lor the said Company of Proprietors, at their Option, and upon Notice in Writing to the Owners or Workers of such Mines or Minerals, to require that such further Part or Parts of the said Mines or Minerals, not exceeding the additional Space or Distance of Ten Yards beyond the first-mentioned Space of Thirty Yards, shall be left unworked and ungotten 5 in which case such further Part of the said Mines or Minerals shall be so left unworked, subject to such and the same Exceptions and Provisions as are herein-before contained and directed, with regard to the said first-mentioned Space of Thirty Yards; and all such further Part of the said Mines or Minerals, so required to be left unworked or ungotten, shall be paid for by the said Company of Proprietors to such Owners or Workers, in such and the like Manner as is herein-before directed, in respect to the Mines contained within the said first-mentioned Distance of Thirty Yards.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall make good and satisfy any Damages not caused or occasioned by any Infraction, or Non-observance of the Prohibitions herein contained, which may or shall be, at any Time or Times whatsoever, sustained by any Person or Persons respectively, being Owners of or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Mines, Minerals, Tenements or Hereditaments, for or by reason of the making, repairing, or maintaining of the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, or supplying the same, or any Part thereof, with Water as aforesaid, or by the flowing, leaking, or ouzing of the Water over or through the Banks, Bottom, or any Part of the Channel of the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, or over or through any Passages, Gutters, or Watercourses, which shall be made pursuant to the Powers hereby given, or by not cleansing' the said Watercourses, Trenches, or Passages, or by turning or diverting any Streams or Brooks into the same, or by reason or means of the Execution of any of the Powers herein contained, for making, maintaining, and

repairing

1847

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii.

repairing the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, their Agents,

Workmen, or Servants.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That for the better Discovering Method of of Persons who shall or may get or open, dig, sink, or carry on any kelTlto'nes Work for the discovering or getting of any Mines or Minerals con- Jre workeds trary to the Directions of this Act, it shall and may be lawf ul for the contrary to said Company of Proprietors, their Agents and Servants, from Time this Act.

to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to enter upon any Lands or Grounds through or near which the said additional Tunnel, or Cut, or Canal, shall be or pass, wherein any Mines shall or may be dug or opened, or Works for discovering the same; and likewise to enter into such Works, or Mines,and thereto view, search, measure, latch, and use all other Means for the discovering of the Distance of the said additional Tunnel, or Cut, or Canal, from the working Part of such Mines, or Works for discovering the same respectively; and for those Purposes to make Use of the Ropes, Windlasses, and other Machinery belonging to the Owners or Workers of such Mines, for the Purpose of descending into, and ascending from such Works or Mines, and examining the State thereof; and in case it shall appear that any such Mines have been worked or got, or any Works have been carried on for the discovering or getting of such Mines contrary to the Directions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and to and for their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, at the Expense, Costs, and Charges of the Owner or Owners of such Mines respectively, to enter into and upon all such Mines, and Works, and from Time to Time to use all necessary and reasonable Ways and Means for repairing, supporting, sustaining, securing, and making safe the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, hereby authorized to be made; such Expenses,

Costs, and Charges, to be recovered by the said Company of Proprietors in such and the same Manner as the Rates or Dues granted by this or the said recited Acts are to be recovered, aud shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, to be applied for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and Regulation as soon as the said Trench or Gutter shall have been altered and ex- as to Weir tended by the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue and in pursuance ^erected of this Act, that the said Company of Proprietors, at their own Costs, munication Charges, and Expenses, shall erect a Weir at the Communication of with the the said Trench or Gutter with the said River Dane, of the Height of River Dane. Six Inches above the Level of the Weir of the Paper Mill belonging

to John Smith Daintily Esquire; which Weir so to be erected shall adjoin to the Southerly End of the said Paper Mill Weir, and that all and every the Regulations and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Forty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty, of and concerning the present Weir of the said Company of Proprietors, and the Weir at the said Paper Mill, shall continue in force and be applicable to the Weir so to be erected as aforesaid, except so far as the same are varied by this Act.

1848

Power to take the Water of Parkbrook.

Restriction for Security of Mill Owners.

Penalty on the Company’s ne-glecting to discharge the stipulated Quantity of

Power to appoint a Se-lect Committee.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Supply of the said additional Reservoir, and also of the present Reservoir of the said Company of Proprietors, at Knypersley aforesaid, with Water, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to take the Water of a certain Brook called Parkbrook into the said Reservoirs, or either of them, and to continue the Use of the same: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall invalidate or affect any Agreement or Agreements now subsisting between the said Company of Proprietors and James Bateman Esquire, or any former Owners of the Knypersley Estate, or the Owners of Mills upon the River Trent, relating to the Waters now taken and used by the said Company of Proprietors for the Supply of the said present Reservoir, nor to affect or alter any Payments made by the said Company of Proprietors in pursuance of such Agreements, nor to authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors to diminish the Quantity of Water now running and flowing from the said present Reservoir and the said Brook for the Use of the Mills belonging to the said James Bateman, or such other Owners of Mills as aforesaid; but that such Weir or Water Gauge and other W'orks shall be erected and continued by the said Company of Proprietors as shall be necessary for ascertaining and discharging, for the Use of the said Mills, a Quantity of Water equal to that which they now enjoy as aforesaid : such Weir or Water Gauge, and other Works, to be constructed and determined upon by the Engineer of the said Company of Proprietors and such Person as the Owners of the said Mills shall nominate or appoint; and in case they shall not agree upon the same or any Part thereof, then that the said Weir or Water Gauge, and other Works, shall be settled and adjusted by any Two Justices of the Peace for the County in which the Cause of Complaint shall arise.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Company of Proprietors shall neglect to discharge by the said Weir or Gauge such Quantity of Water as shall be equal to the Quantity of Water now running and flowing as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Owners or Occupiers of the said Mills to discharge from the said Reservoirs, or either of them, such Quantity of Water ascertained as aforesaid; and the said Company of Proprietors shall over and above forfeit and pay for each and every Hour that the said Quantity of Water so ascertained shall wilfully be prevented by them from running or flowing for the Use of the said Mills as aforesaid, the Sum of Forty Shillings, which said Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and shall and may be recovered before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford, or by Action at Law in any One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, on the Oath of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That for facilitating the Dispatch of Business, and the more effective Management of the Concerns and Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at their respective General Assemblies, to nominate and appoint any Three of the Persons who shall have been chosen Members of the Committee of Twenty-one

Persons,

1849

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii.

Persons, pursuant to the said recited Acts, to be a Select Committee for managing and conducting the Affairs, Concerns, and Business of the said Company of Proprietors; and that all the Powers and Authorities in and by the said recited Acts given to or vested in the said Committee of Twenty-one Persons, shall and may be done and exercised by such Select Committee of Three Persons, or the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings, but subject, nevertheless, to the Examination and Approval of the said General Committee of Twenty-one Persons, and to such and the like Examination and Controul of the said General Assemblies, as are in and by the said recited Acts or any of them directed, with respect to the Acts and Proceedings of Committees.

XXXVI. And whereas by the said recited Act, passed in the Forty- For granting second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, the said Company Annumes^to of Proprietors were authorized and empowered, at any General As- h'vc becn in sembly to be holden in pursuance of the said first recited Act, to give ti,e Service and grant to such Officers and Servants as are therein particularly de- of the Cora-scribed, and who should by reason of Age or Infirmity be incapable of I’an-V; further Service, to be ascertained by the Oath or Affidavit in Writing of a Physician, and of a Surgeon and Apothecary, sworn before some Justice of the Peace for the County wherein such Officer or Servant should reside, such Annuities for their respective Lives as in the said Act are mentioned; be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors at any General Assembly to be holden as aforesaid, to give and grant to any such Officers or Servants, whose Infirmity shall be proved either by the Oath of a Physician, or of a Surgeon or Apothecary sworn as aforesaid, or otherwise to the Satisfaction of such General Assembly, such Annuities for their respective Lives as aforesaid, or in lieu thereof any Sum or Sums of Money in gross not exceeding Two hundred Pounds; and also that it shall and maybe lawful and forsub-to and for the said Company of Proprietors at any General Assembly scribing or to be holden as aforesaid to subscribe or give any annual Sum or matmgDon-Sums of Money to any Public Charity or Charities, or any Sum or p^b"ic 0 Sums of Money by Way of Donation, for other charitable or bene- charities, volent Purposes, in any of the Counties through which the said several Canals or any of them or any Part thereof pass or passes, so as such annual Subscriptions shall not in the Whole exceed in any One Year the Sum of One hundred Pounds, nor such Donations exceed in the Whole the Sum of Two hundred Pounds in any One Year.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Treasurer not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has or have been or may be "°me person. appointed their Clerk or Clerks, in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has or have been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or [Loral.] 21 C Trea-

1850

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii.

Treasurers, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall accept the Office of Clerk, in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, or if any such Treasurer shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Company of Proprietors other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

ruwei,

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the more easy and

former Acts effectual making, completing, repairing, maintaining, and using the extended to said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, Reservoir, and other Works, this Act. tj]e sa;j Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Servants, Workmen, and Labourers, and all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever, shall have and be seised and possessed of, and is and are hereby invested with such and the like Estates, Authorities, Powers, Abilities, Interests, Privileges, and Advantages, and shall be, and is and are hereby made subject and liable to such and the like Rules, Conditions, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, Controuls, Payments, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, and Benefit of Appeal, as are mentioned, directed, given, granted, prescribed, established, and inflicted in and by the said recited Acts, to every Intent and Purpose whatsoever; and that the said Acts, and all the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Authorities, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions, Prohibitions, Directions, Exemptions, Indemnities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained, ("except such Parts of the said Acts as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also except such Parts of the said Acts as are by any other of the said Acts, or by this Act, altered or varied,) shall extend, and are hereby extended to, and shall take Effect, operate, and be put in Execution in, for, and in respect of the making, completing, repairing, maintaining, andusing thesaidadditional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, Reservoir, and other Works by this Act authorised to be made, as if all the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions, Prohibitions, Directions, Exemptions, Indemnities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Matters, and Things, were herein repeated, re-enacted, and applied to the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, Reservoir, and other Works, Matters, and Things, by this Act authorized to be made, done, and performed; or as the same would have been done if the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, Reservoir, and other Works, Matters, and Things, hereby authorized to be made and done had been authorized to be made, done, and performed by the said former Acts or any of them.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained, shall extend to grant to the said Company of Proprietors any further or additional Powers to take or use any Part of the Clough Hall Estate, now belonging to Thomas Kinnersly Esquire, for the Purposes of Wharfs, Warehouses, or Buildings, or to make or use any other Towing or Horse Path over the said Clough Hall Estate, than the Towing or Horse Path which the said Company of Proprietors do now use or are empowered to make and use under the recited Acts, but nevertheless this Proviso shall not affect nor abridge, nor be construed to affect or abridge in any degree the Powers granted to the said Company of Proprietors for the said Purposes by the said recited Acts.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Tunnel, or Cut or Canal, and Reservoir, and other Works, authorized to be made and done by this Act, shall not be under the Survey or Order of any Commissioners of Sewers, nor subject to a Commission of Sewers, or any Law or Statute made for Sewers; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Notices, and all Writs, and other legal Proceedings against the said Company of Proprietors, shall and may be served on the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or on any Member of the said Select Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or at the Office of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be deemed and taken to be good and valid Service of such Notices, Writs, and other legal Proceedings on the said Company of Proprietors.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines inflicted or authorized to be imposed by the said recited Acts or this Act, or either of them, (the Manner of levying, recovering, and applying whereof is not otherwise directed,) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively, before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, (as the Case may require) either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is, in every such Case hereby fully authorized to administer,) be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant,) and the Overplus (if any) after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Information, Conviction, Distress, and Sale are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied, shall be from Time to Time paid, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to any Treasurer or Treasurers to the said' Company of Proprietors, and be applied for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act; and in case such Penalties, Forfeitures, and

Fines

1851

This Act not to give additional Powers to make

Wharfs, &c. on Clough Hall Estate.

Canal not to be under Commissioners of Sewers.

Notice on Company how to be served.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

1852

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxvii.

Fines respectively shall not be paid forthwith, upon Conviction, then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained in safe Custody, until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, unless the said Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, for his, her, or their Appearance before him, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Day of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take, by Way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if, upon the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants, under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place aforesaid, or to any House of Correction within the same, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

For securing

XLIII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offencesagainstanyof the said

Offenders Acts or tllis Act, may be transient Persons unknown to the Collectors and other Officers of the said Company of Proprietors; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Collectors or other Officers respectively, and such Person or Persons as they or any of them shall call totlieir Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any Person or Persons, (being unknown to such Collectors or other Officers,) who shall commit any Offence or Offences against the said recited Acts or either of them or this Act, and take him, her, or them, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, or such Offender or Offenders shall be seized and apprehended, and such Justice or Justices shall, and is and are hereby required to proceed and act with respect to such Offender or Offenders, according to the Provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences in any wise incidental thereto or concerning the same, with lawful Interest, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors by and out of the first Sloney which shall be received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act.

[Public Act.]

XLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Expences of obtaining this Act how to be paid.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

*nm H

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for erecting- and maintaining- Ferries across the River Tay, in the Counties of Fife and Forfar.

[17th June 1823.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of 59 G.3.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, c.cxiii. intituled An Act for erecting, improving, regulating, and maintaining Ferries and Passages across the River Tay, in the Counties of Fife and Forfar, certain Trustees were appointed for carrying the said Improvements into Execution, and the said Trustees were authorized and empowered to levy at the said Ferries certain Rates and Duties, upon the Security of which they were authorized and empowered to borrow certain Sums of Money to enable them to complete the said Improvements: And whereas by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 3 G. 4. Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act c.lxxvi. passed in the Fijly-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty for erecting and maintaining Ferries across the River Tay, in the Counties of Fife and Forfar, the Trustees thereby appointed were authorized and empowered to borrow upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties given by the aforesaid Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and by the said last-mentioned Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds: And whereas by an Act passed in the Third Year of His [Local.] 21 D present

,1854 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxviii.

s G. 4. c. 86. present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts of the Fifty-seventh Year of His late Majesty, and the First Year of His present Majesty, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor, and to authorize a further Issue, of Exchequer Bills for the Purposes of the said Acts, certain Commissioners named and appointed in and by the said Act, and the Acts therein recited or referred to, were authorized and empowered to issue and advance Exchequer Bills under the Restrictions and Regulations therein specified for the carrying on of public Works in Great Britain, and for other the Purposes in the said Acts particularly mentioned and referred to : And whereas the erecting and maintaining the said Ferries across the River Tay will not only greatly contribute to the Safety and Accommodation of the Public, and to the more convenient Communication between various populous Districts, but will also give Occupation to a large Proportion of the labouring Poor in the Neighbourhood of the said Ferries : And whereas the said Trustees have applied to the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills for an Advance of Money for the Purpose of making and completing the said Ferries, and the several Works connected therewith, and for providing Steam Boats for the Use thereof; but Doubts have arissji whether the said Commissioners are authorized to grant such Application under the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act, and the several Acts thereby referred to : And whereas it is highly expedient that the said Commissioners should be empowered to grant a Loan or Loans in Exchequer Bills for the Completion of the said Ferries in the Manner, and upon the Security hereinafter mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Exchequer Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Conimis- Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, upon sioners may Application being made to them by the said Trustees, to advance to advance them the said Trustees any Sum or Sums of Money in Exchequer 25,000l. to not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Twenty-five thousand

-a;US‘CtS Pounds, upon the Security of an Assignment or Assignments of the Ferries. Rates and Duties authorized to be levied by the said Two first recited Acts, and which Assignments respectively the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and directed to give and execute in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills shall direct and appoint; and in the said Assignment or Assignments the said Trustees shall covenant, undertake, and agree, for themselves and their Successors, with and to the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, or as they may direct, to render a Yearly Account of the Produce of the said Rates and Duties to the Secretary for the Time being of the said Commissioners, or otherwise, as they the said Commissioners may direct, and also to pay the Amount of such Produce in each and every Year from and after the Date of the said Assignments respectively, (after deducting all necessary Expences for managing and carrying on the said Ferries,) to the said Commissioners, or as they may direct, until the Whole of any Advance or

Advances

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxviii.

Advances which may be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with Interest thereon at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Assignment or Assignments so to be given and executed by the said Trustees to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be considered in all respects as if given and executed under the Powers and Provisions of the said last recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and the Acts therein recited and referred to, and shall have Priority over and shall precede all Mortgages, Assignments, or other Securities given, or which shall hereafter be given on the said Rates and Duties, in Consideration of any Sum or Sums advanced or contributed, or which may hereafter be advanced or contributed, for carrying on and completing the said Ferries, until the whole of any Advance or Advances which shall be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, together with Interest thereon at the Rate aforesaid, shall be fully paid and satisfied; any thing contained in the said recited Acts, or any of them, or this Act, or any other Act or Acts to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of procuring and passing this Act shall be paid by the said Trustees of the said Ferries out of the Rates and Duties levied or to be levied under the said recited Act, or out of the Monies subscribed or to be borrowed for the Purposes thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

1855

Assignment to the Commissioners to have Priority.

Expence of this Act.

[Public Act.]

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

N

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap .lxxxix.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of His late Majesty, for building a new Church within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; to vest the said Church and the Ground thereunto belonging in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Liverpool; to authorize the Purchase of Land in the said Town to be appropriated to the Use of Public Cemeteries; and to restrict the Burial of Corpses in the present Cemeteries of the Parish Church and Parochial Chapel there.

[17th June 1823.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for building a new Church within the Town and 54, g. 3. Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, it was enacted, c. iii. that there should be built of Stone and other proper Materials, within the said Town of Liverpool, a Church with a Tower or Steeple, at the Time and in Manner and by the Ways and Means therein-after mentioned, on a certain Piece of Land lying between Kent Street, Cornwallis Street,

Upper Pitt Street, and Grenville Street, near the South End of the said Town, directed to be purchased by virtue of the said Act: And it was further enacted, that it should be lawful for the Commissioners therein [Local. 3 21 E named

1858

4U GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxix.

named to purchase the said Piece of Land therein-before mentioned, as and for the Scite of the said intended Church, and for a Church Yard or Cemetery for the Burial of the -Dead, and for other the Purposes of the said Act, as they should think proper, and to pay for the same out of the Monies to be raised by virtue and in pursuance thereof: And it was further enacted, that all such Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said Act, should be conveyed unto the said Commissioners and their Successors for ever, for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Commissioners were thereby authorized, empowered, and required to cause such Church to be built upon such Scite to be by them purchased as aforesaid, and within the Time therein-after mentioned, and to cause a Church Yard, Cemetery, and Burial Ground to be inclosed with proper Walls, Gates, and Doors, and to make Paths, Walks, and Avenues up to the said Church, and also to cause a proper Building to be erected for the Reception of Fire Engines: And it was further enacted, that the said Church should be built externally of Stone, and of such Materials as the said Commissioners should direct and appoint, and also should be built according to the Dimensions, and after the Plan, Form, and Model which had been approved of by the Parishioners and the Common Council of the Borough of Liverpool: And it was further enacted, that the said Commissioners should and might, and they were thereby authorized and required to cause or procure to be made an Estimate in Writing, under the Hands of some able and sufficient Person or Persons duly qualified for such Purpose, of the Charges and Expences of the erecting such new-intended Church, and the making and providing Pews, Seats, and other Works requisite and necessary in and about the building, finishing, and decorating the same, fit and proper for the Celebration of Divine Service therein, and also in and about the building and finishing such Engine House j and also to raise and levy, by the Ways and Means therein-after mentioned, so much Money as would be sufficient for the Purposes of the said Act, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Thirty-four thousand five hundred Pounds: And it was further enacted, that the said intended Church and Church Yard, Cemetery or Burial Ground, should be completed and finished, fit for Consecration and Celebration of Divine Service, within the Term of Ten Years from the passing of the said Act, and should, upon the Consecration thereof, be called the Church of Saint Michael: And it was further enacted, that the Burial Places in the said Church Yard should be and the same were thereby vested in the said Commissioners, and they were thereby authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of, and convey ail or any of the said Burial Places, together with the Inheritance of the same, to any Person or Persons willing to become the Purchasers thereof, and for each of which there should be paid such Sum, and to such Person as the said Commissioners should appoint, to be applied by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the i^anu u.- sa^ Parish of Liverpool, as therein mentioned: And whereas, in pur-diased and suance of the Powers and Authorities contained in the said recited Act, Church in the Commissioners therein named, or a competent Number thereof, pro-Part^fected ceeded in the Purchase of the said Land, and the Erection of the said raised found Church thereon, but nearly the whole of the said Sum of Thirty-four insufficient thousand five hundred Pounds, authorized to be raised by the said Act, to complete has been raised and expended, and the said Church still remains in an same. unfinished State, and it has been estimated that the further Sum of Ten

thousand

4° GEORGII IV. C^.lxxxix. 1859

thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, will be required to finish and complete Application the same: And whereas, in order that the said Church may be forthwith completed, the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the said ^ratjonot:o Borough of Liverpool, in compliance with a Resolution passed at a take the Special Vestry of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, have agreed to take Church and the said Church, and to finish and complete the same out of their Cor- finish tI,e porate Funds; but such useful Intent and Purpose cannot be effected same* without the further Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and 54- G. 3. c iii. immediately after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act, passed repealed, in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for building the said Church, and the several Powers and Authorities therein contained, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save and except so far as relates to the Collection of the Arrears of the Rates authorized to be levied by the said Act, and the Application of the same in Payment of the Debts incurred in respect of the said Church, as hereinafter mentioned; and that the said Piece or Parcel of Land or Land and Ground so purchased by the said Commissioners, and the said Church Church or Buildings thereon erected, and all the Bricks, Stones, Timber, Iron, nested m Lead, and other Materials bought and procured by Order of the said '■/0rP0ra '1 Commissioners, for building and erecting the said Church, and other Conveniences thereto, or for enclosing the said Church Yard, Cemetery, or Burial Ground, and for building and erecting the said Engine House, or other the Purposes of the said Act, shall be conveyed to the Mayor,

Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, and shall, upon such Conveyance being executed, belong to and be the Property of and the same is and are hereby vested in the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and their Successors for ever; and that any Action or Actions to be brought, or any Bill or Bills of Indictment to be preferred against any Person or Persons in respect of the said Church, or the Walls or Fences of the Church Yard, Cemetery, or Burial Ground, or of any Buildings or other Works erected, made, or built by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall and may be brought or preferred by and in the Name of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses.

II. And be it further enacted, That in consideration of the said Land and Church to the said Church or Building being so vested in the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and be finished Burgesses as aforesaid, the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council of Corpor-the said Borough shall and they are hereby required, within the Space Th°reeYears of Three Years from the passing of this Act, by and out of the Corpo.

rate Funds of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, to finish and complete, or cause the said Church or Building to be finished and completed fit for Consecration and the Performance of Divine Worship therein, and the Cemetery and other Works authorized by the said recited Act to be also finished and completed, in lieu and stead of the same being finished and completed by the Commissioners named and appointed in the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Seats or Pews to be erect- Seats to be ed and set up in the said Church shall be numbered under the Direction allotted for

of

1860

Ministers and Churchwardens.

Seats for the Poor.

Remainder of Seats to be disposed of by Common Council.

Churchwardens, 8c c to be appointed.

Nomination of Organist.

Minister to appoint Clerk and Sexton.

Church to be kept in Repair.

Presentation of the Church vested in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses o Liverpool.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxix.

of the Common Council for the Time being of the said Town, and that Two Seats or Pews near the Pulpit in the Body of the said Church shall be allotted for the Use of the Minister and Chaplain and their Families respectively, and that Two other Seats or Pews shall be also allotted for the Use of the Servants of the Minister and Chaplain respectively, and that One other Seat or Pew in the Body of the said Church shall be allotted for the Use of the Churchwardens.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Seats or Sitting Places to accommodate at least Five hundred and twenty Persons in the whole, shall be appropriated and set apart in such Parts of the said Church as the Common Council of the said Town shall from Time to Time direct, and perpetually remain for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish of Liverpool for ever; for which Seats or Pews to be set apart for the Ministers and Churchwardens, and the said Seats or Sitting Places so to be appropriated for the Use of the Poor, no Rent whatever shall be demanded or paid.

V. And be it further enacted, That Galleries shall be erected in the said Church, and the Common Council of the said Town for the Time being shall have the full and free Disposition of the Remainder of all and every the Seats and Pews in the said Church not required to be set apart for the Ministers and Churchwardens, and Poor, as hereinbefore mentioned, and that the Rents and Profits of the same shall be applied to and form Part of the General Estate of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and be recoverable as any other Debt or Demand of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses; and the said Common Council for the Time being shall also appoint yearly Two fit and proper Persons, being Occupiers of Seats in the said Church, as Churchwardens of the said Church, and shall provide an Organ to the said Church, and shall and may from Time to Time nominate and appoint the Organist, to serve and officiate therein, and displace and remove such Organist from Time to Time upon just and reasonable Cause.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Minister of the said Church for the Time being, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint fit and proper Persons to officiate and serve as Clerk and Sexton in the said Church, and to displace or remove such Clerk and Sexton respectively upon just and reasonable Cause.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Church and the Walls of the Church Yard shall from Time to Time be kept in Repair by and at the Expence of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Liverpool aforesaid, and their Successors, and agreeably to the Directions of the Ordinary.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be regularly a Minister and also a Chaplain to officiate together at the said Church, as hereinafter mentioned, and that the Right of Presentation and the perpetual Advowson and Patronage of, in, and to the said Church shall be and the same is hereby vested in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the said Town of

f Liverpool for ever, and that the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the said Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, and their Successors,

1861

4° GEORGII IV. C«p.lxxxix.

Successors, or the major Part of them, in Common Council assembled, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, before or upon the Consecration of the said Church, to nominate and present to the Ordinary, under the Common Seal of the said Borough and Corporation, Two proper Persons duly qualified to be the Minister and Chaplain of the said Church, to be thereto licensed by the Ordinary; and also to nominate and appoint a Minister and Chaplain of the said Church, to be in like Manner licensed thereto on every Vacancy and Avoidance thereof: Provided always, that the said Minister and Chaplain so to be appointed as aforesaid shall be separately and distinctly subject to the lawful Jurisdiction of the Ordinary in all things, and shall be considered as holding a separate and distinct Benefice, which shall be subject to Lapse, and to all such other Operations of the Laws Ecclesiastical of this Realm, in like Manner as if there were but One such Minister or Chaplain of the said Church.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Minister and Chaplain for the Time being of the said Church (unless prevented by Sickness or other reasonable Cause, to be approved of by the Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocese) shall alternately every Sunday Morning read in the said Church the Morning Prayers and other Services prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer or Public Liturgy of the United Church of England and Ireland; and in the Afternoon of every Sunday alternately in like Manner read therein the Evening Prayers and other Service prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer; and shall on each and every Day in Passion Week, and on such other Days as are or may be appointed to be kept holy in like Manner, read in the said Church the Morning Prayers and other Service so prescribed for such Days respectively; and shall on every Sunday throughout the Year alternately, as well in the Morning as in the Afternoon, and on every Christmas Day and Good Friday in the Morning after Divine Service performed, preach a Sermon in the said Church j and shall, on every Good Friday, Easter Day, Whitsunday, and Christmas Day, and also upon the first Sunday in every Month (except in the Months in which Easter Day and Whitsunday shall happen) administer the Holy Sacrament in the said Church, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Minister and Chaplain so to be appointed to the said Church shall and they are hereby required to reside in the said Town of Liverpool, and to perform in Person the Duties of the said Church in Manner hereinbefore directed, and that all established and accustomed Fees to be received and retained by the said Minister and Chaplain for their own Use shall be equally divided between them.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the yearly Salary of the said Minister and Chaplain respectively shall be not less than Two hundred and fifty Pounds, and that the same shall be payable by the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Liverpool aforesaid, and their Successors, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments, so long only as such Minister and Chaplain respectively shall actually reside in the said Town of Liverpool, and (unless prevented by Sickness or Infirmity) personally perform the Duties of the said Church for not less than Nine Months

iLoccW] 21 F in

Duty of Ministers.

Ministers to reside in Liverpool.

Salary of the Ministers.

1862 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxix.

in each Year, being the Period of Time required by Law, and shall be accordingly recoverable by the said Minister and Chaplain respectively from the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and their Successors, by Action at Law, as any other Debt or Demand; and that the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and their Successors, shall pay unto the Clerk of the said Church such yearly Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to the Organist such yearly Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and to the Sexton of the said Church such yearly Sum not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds, for their Wages respectively, as the said Common Council shall from Time to Time order and direct, having respect to their and each of their decent and diligent Behaviour in their respective Offices.

Church, &c.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Church, and the said to be under Minister and Chaplain and Churchwardens thereof, shall be under and of Bishop°of sukject to the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Lord Bishop of Chester, Chester. and shall be visited in like Manner as other Churches within the Diocese of Chester are visited.

Books and Bread and Wine to be provided for the Church.

Marriages may be solemnized.

Public Register to be kept.

Appointment of Synodals and Procurations.

Vaults how to be disposed of.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the requisite Books for the Service of the said Church and the Public Registers for the same, and the Bread and Wine to be used at the Communion, shall be provided under the Direction of the Common Council for the Time being of the said Town, out of the Funds of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That Banns of Matrimony may be published, and Marriages celebrated and solemnized within the said Church, provided the same be published, celebrated, and solemnized according to the Laws and Canons of this Realm in that Behalf; and all such Banns as shall be published, and all such Marriages as shall be celebrated or solemnized in the said Church, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were published, celebrated, and solemnized in the Parish Church of Liverpool aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Christenings and Marriages had and solemnized in the said Church, and all Burials there, shall be registered by the Minister or Chaplain thereof for the Time being in the public Registers to be provided for that Purpose as aforesaid, and Transcripts or Copies thereof, signed by the Minister or Chaplain for the Time being, shall be from Time to Time transmitted and sent to the Registrar of the Ecclesiastical Court of the Bishop of Chester, to be kept and preserved with the Copies of the Register Book of the said Parish of Liverpool.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid by the Minister or Chaplain of the said Church for the Time being, to the Lord Bishop of Chester for the Time being, the usual or customary Payments at the Feast of Easter every Year for Synodals, and for Procurations at every Triennial or Ordinary Episcopal Visitation, according to the Custom of the Diocese of Chester, the same to be recovered in like Manner as Synodals and Procurations are by Law recoverable.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That any Catacombs or Burial Places which may be made or constructed under the Body of the said Church, shall and may be disposed of by the Common Council of the said Town

8 for

1863

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxix.

for the Time being, and that all Bodies buried therein shall be buried in Lead; and that Four-fifth Parts of the said Church Yard or Cemetery shall and may be also disposed of by the Common Council for the Time being of the said Town, for the Purpose of Vaults or Burial Places; and the remaining One-fifth Part of the said Church Yard or Cemetery, and which One-fifth Part shall be at the North-west Corner thereof, shall always be reserved for the Interment of the Corpses of poor Persons free of any Charge or Expence whatsoever in respect of the Ground, and for whose Interment an Order may be given by One of the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, or the select Vestry of the said Parish.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to bury, Coffins not nor shall there be any Vault or Burial Place under any of the Walks or to be placed Avenues in the said Cemetery leading to the Entrance Doors of the said Church, such Walks or Avenues being of the Width of not less than Yard within Seven Feet, nor within Three Feet of any of the Walls of the said Three Feet Church or Church Yard, nor shall any Coffin be placed at a less Dis- ^om the tance than Three Feet from the Surface of the said Church Yard, such Surface* Surface being taken and considered to be the Bottom of the Stone Plinth

Course surrounding the said Church; and if any of the Churchwardens of the said Church shall permit or suffer any Corpse to be buried within Three Feet of the Walls of the said Church or Church Yard, or under the Foot Walks or Avenues leading to the Entrance into the said Church, or any Coffin to be placed in the said Church Yard at a less Distance from the Surface than before specified, then and in every such Case such Churchwarden or Churchwardens so offending shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, which may be recovered in a summary Way before any Justice of the Peace of the Borough of Liverpool, and shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Churchwardens or Churchwarden so offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, and when levied shall go and be applied to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish of Liverpool.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to and into the Fees for Hands of the Minister or Chaplain of the said Church for the Time being, Marriages, for the Performance of the several and respective Offices of Minister,

Clerk, and Sextonthere, Double the Fees, Dues, and Perquisites which are usually and of right ought to be paid for every Marriage, Churching,

Burial, and opening the Ground for Graves in the Church Yard or Cemetery at the Parish Church of Liverpool, and that the Minister or Chaplain of the said Church shall from Time to Time collect and receive such Double Fees, Dues, and Perquisites, and account for and pay by equal Half-yearly Payments in every Year, to wit, on the Twenty-fourth Day of June and the Twenty-fifth Day of December,

One-half Part thereof to and into the Hands of the Rectors of the said Parish Church of Liverpool for the Time being, to be divided between them and the Clerk and Sexton of the same Parish Church within Ten Days after such Rectors shall have received the same, in such Shares and Proportions as the Fees payable at the Parish Church of Liverpool are divided, and that the remaining One-half Part thereof shall on the Half-yearly Days be divided between the Minister and Chaplain, Clerk and Sexton of the said Church, in such

Shares

1864

Saving the Rights of the Bishop of Chester, and of the Rectors of the Parish of Liverpool.

Ministers to visit Sick.

Arrears of Rates under Act of 54 G. 3. to be collected, and outstanding Debts to be paid.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxix.

Shares and Proportions as Fees of the like Nature and for the like Services are usually or of Right ought to be divided among the Rectors, Clerks, and Sextons of the same Parish Church; and in case of Non-payment of the said Fees, Dues, and Perquisites at any Time or Times within Ten Days after either of the said Half-yearly Days, such Half Fees, Dues, and Perquisites shall and may be sued for and recovered from the Minister or Chaplain of the said Church for the Time being from Time to Time, by and in the Names of the Rectors of the Parish of Liverpool for the Time being, by Action of Debt for Monies had and received for their Use in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or any Court of Record for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, or the Salary payable to the Minister or Chaplain of the said Church may be sequestered until Payment thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall take away, change, diminish, or impeach any Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Property, Privilege, or Jurisdiction of the Bishop of Chester for the Time being, or any Right, Privilege, Offering, Oblation, Obvention, Emolument, Fee, Gratuity, Gift, present Advantage or Benefit of the Patrons or Rectors of the said Parish of Liverpool, other than and except as herein specified.

XXI. And whereas, from the great Increase of Inhabitants in the said Town of Liverpool, the Duties of the Rectors and Curates of the said Parish, in the Visitation of the Sick, have in many Districts therein become very laborious, and it would be of great Advantage, and tend much to the Comfort of the Poorer Inhabitants of the District in the said Parish in which the said Church is situate, if the Minister and Chaplain of the same respectively were appointed to visit the Sick in such District, in aid of the said Rectors and their Curates; be it therefore enacted, That the Minister and Chaplain for the Time being of the said Church shall and they are hereby required, whenever requested, in addition to the Performance of the Duties attached to their respective Appointments, to visit the Sick in the District in which the said Church is situate, or in such Parts of the same respectively as shall be from Time to Time fixed and appointed by the Bishop of the Diocese of Chester for the Time being, and perform the several Offices prescribed and to be performed upon the Visitation of the Sick in such District or Part of District as aforesaid, and in administering Private Baptism when duly required according to the Laws and Canons of the United Church of England and Ireland.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prevent or hinder the Collection or Payment of the Rates or any Arrears of Rates authorized to be raised by the said recited Act, but it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens for the Time being of the Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, and for the Justices of the Peace of the said Borough, to use and adopt all such Powers and Authorities relative to the Recovery, Collection, and Payment of the Rates or any Arrears of Rates authorized to be levied and raised by the said recited Act, in the same way to all Intents and Purposes as the Commissioners therein named and appointed, or the said Justices, were thereby authorized to use and adopt, and as if the same Powers and Authorities

had

1865

4° GEORGII IV. CapAxxxix.

had been herein fully re-enacted; and that the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said Parish do and shall apply the Monies already collected, or hereafter to be collected by virtue of the said Act, in Liquidation of any outstanding Debtor Demand incurred in respect of the said Church; and in case the same shall not be sufficient for that Purpose, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, to pay such Debt or Demand out of the Rate raised for the Repairs of the Churches of the said Parish of Liverpool, and if any Surplus exceeding the said Sum of Thirty-four thousand five hundred Pounds authorized to be collected under the said recited Act, such Excess shall go in aid of the Poor Rate.

XXIII. And whereas the Population of the Parish of Liverpool aforesaid is greatly increased, so that the present Cemeteries or Grounds allotted for the Burial of Persons dying in the said Parish are likely to become insufficient for the Purpose, and it is therefore expedient that Land should be procured for additional Cemeteries or Burial Grounds within the said Parish; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the present Rectors and Churchwardens of the said Parish of Liverpool, and their Successors, and they are hereby empowered, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to contract and agree for the absolute Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Parish of Liverpool, (not exceeding Thirty thousand Yards in the whole), with any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Tenant or Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, or with any Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots or Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be willing to sell any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purpose of an additional Cemetery or Cemeteries, or Burial Ground or Grounds, for the Use of the said Parish of Liverpool, and of making any Road or Roads or Approaches to the said Cemeteries or Burial Grounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust, Guardians and Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, Executors and Administrators whomsoever, not only for or on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised and possessed of or interested in any Lands or Hereditaments which shall be necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, to sell and convey all or any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Estates and Interests, or any Part thereof, to the said Rectors and Churchwardens, and their Successors for ever, in trust for the Purposes of this Act; and that all

Present Parish Cemeteries insufficient.

Power for the Rectors and Church, wardens to Purchase Land for Cemeteries.

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to sell and convey.

1866

Bargains and Sales enrolled to have the effect of Fines and Recoveries.

Chapel to be built for Performance of Burial Service.

Situation and Quantity of Land to be approved by the Bishop.

Directing Application of Purchase

4° GEORGII IV. Cbp.kxxix.

Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be made by such Fersons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all such Persons so conveying as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made and acknowledged by any Person or Persons whomsoever, and which shall be enrolled in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of any such Lands and Hereditaments as shall be purchased by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, shall have the same Force, Effect, and Operation in Law to all Intents and Purposes which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever would have if levied or suffered by the Bargainor or Bargainors, or any Person or Persons seised of any Estate in the Premises, to the Use of or in Trust for such Bargainor or Bargainors, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Rectors and Churchwardens of the said Parish of Liverpool, and their Successors, and they are hereby empowered to make, erect, and build, in such Part of the said intended Cemetery or Cemeteries, or Burial Ground or Grounds, as to them shall seem proper, a convenient and fit Chapel or Chapels for the Reception of the Dead immediately previous to Interment, and for the Purpose of performing therein the Burial Service according to the established Form of the Church of England, and also to make, erect, and build a proper and convenient Outhouse or Building, wherein the Implements for opening the Graves may safely be deposited, so that the Cost and Charge of such Chapels and such Outhouses or Buildings shall not exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds.

XXVII. Provided always, That the Situation and Quantity of the Land so to be purchased, and also the Size of the Cemetery or Cemeteries, or Burial Grounds, and the Buildings to be erected thereon in Manner aforesaid, shall be approved of by the Lord Bishop of the Diocese of Chester for the Time being; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Rectors and Churchwardens for the Time being, and their Successors, to hold such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, without incurring or being subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain; any Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be contracted and agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof,

which

4° GEORGII IV. Gap.lxxxix. 186Y

which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corpo- Money when ration Aggregate or Sole, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustees, Feme amounting Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons under any Disabi- r(js

lity or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Liverpool, to the Intent that such Money may be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court,

(to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Party or Parties who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,) in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or .such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing or being settled therewith to the same or like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Party or Parties who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so contracted and agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here- of Purchase ditaments to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, which shall ^hen

belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation 200i.and Aggregate or Sole, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, Feme Covert, exceeding Infant, Lunatic, or any other Person or Persons under any Disability or 2o1* Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sura of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Party or Parties for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Cases of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank

1868

Application of Money when not exceeding 20I.

In case of Questionable Titles, Persons in Possession to be deemed Owners.

Costs of Purchases to be made in lieu of settled Estates, to be defrayed

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxix.

of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account in Manner aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be named by the Party or Parties making such Option, and approved by the said Churchwardens and Overseers (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends to arise thereon may be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so contracted and agreed to be paid as aforesaid shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Party or Parties who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Churchwardens and Overseers shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then to the Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees of Infants, Idiots, or Lunatics, entitled to such Rents and Profits, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Infants, Idiots, or Lunatics respectively.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Party or Parties to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by the said Churchwardens and Overseers in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Party or Parties who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Party or Parties was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Party or Parties entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, or by reason of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments being held upon or under or subject to Trusts then subsisting and undetermined, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxix. 186"9

into the Bank of England, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, by the Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery to or- j Qr_ der the Expences of making Contracts for and completing all Purchases seers, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Churchwardens and Overseers, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purchases as the said Court shall direct.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Churchwardens of the said Parish of Liverpool, and their Successors, to make and sink all proper and necessary Soughs,

Sewers, and Drains, in and about such Cemetery or Cemeteries, or Burial Grounds, for the Purpose of conveying the Water from the same, and keeping the same dry, and from Time to Time, as occasion may require, to make, lay, and communicate with any Branch or Main Sewer or Sewers already made, or to be hereafter made, in the said Parish of Liverpool, doing as little Damage as possible to the Pavement or Flagging in the Streets or Places wherein such Sewers shall be made, and re-placing the Pavement or Flagging in such State and Condition as it was in previous to the same being disturbed, or as near thereto as possible.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Ministers who shall officiate Fees to be in the Interment of the Dead in the said intended Cemeteries, shall and received by may and they are hereby required to ask, demand, take, and receive, ,n,bter8» of and from all and every Person and Persons liable to pay the same, all

Fees for Burials done and performed by them respectively in the said Parish of Liverpool, which shall of right belong and be due and payable to the Rectors of the said Parish for the Time being; and that such Minister and Ministers respectively shall from Time to Time keep and render a just and fair Account of, for, and concerning all such Fees, to and to ac-be from Time to Time by them respectively received, unto the Rector or count to the Rectors of the Two Portions or Medieties of the Rectory and Parish llectors-Church of Liverpool aforesaid for the Time being, and shall pay the said Fees so by them respectively to be received by equal Half-yearly Payments, on the Twenty-fourth Day of June and the Twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, the First Payment thereof to begin and be made on such of the said Days as shall first and next happen after the Consecration of the said intended Cemeteries respectively.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Cemetery or Cemeteries, or Burial Grounds, so to be purchased in Manner aforesaid, from and after the Consecration thereof respectively, shall be allotted and divided into so many Vaults and Graves as the said Rectors and Churchwardens and their Successors shall fix and determine, and that the same shall and may be disposed of and sold to any Person or Persons desirous of becoming Purchasers thereof, at such Prices or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be fixed by the said Rectors and Churchwardens, and their Successors; and the Monies arising from such Sale or Sales shall be paid and applied by the said Churchwardens and their Successors in aid of any Rate or Rates now made or to be hereafter made for and towards the Relief, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish

Power to Churchwardens for the Time being to fix Rates to be paid for Graves, and such Rates to be applied to Parish Purposes in aid of Church or Poor Rates.

Power to make Sewers from Burial Grounds.

1870

Restricting future Sale of Graves in Church Yards of St. Peter and St. Nicholas.

Power for the Churchwardens to Purchase Graves in St. Peter’s and St. Nicholas Church Yards, and to convey Graves in new Burial Ground in lieu.

Rate to be made lor Purchase c Burial Grounds.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxix.

of Liverpool, or for the Support of the Churches and Clergy thereof, as they in their Discretion shall think proper.

XXXVI. And whereas the Yards or Burial Grounds attached to the Parish Church of Saint Peter, and the Parochial Chapel of Our Lady and Saint Nicholas, in the said Parish of Liverpool, except a small Part of the latter, have from Time to Time been sold or disposed of to several of the Inhabitants thereof in Graves for the Interment of the Dead, and the same are filled in many Parts near to the Surface of the said Burial Grounds, and being situated in very populous Parts of the Town of Liverpool, it is very desirable, with a View to the Health of the Inhabitants in general, that no Part of the Ground undisposed of and forming a Part of the Burial Ground of the said Parochial Chapel should be sold for the Interment of the Dead; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for the Rectors or Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, or their Successors, to sell or dispose of any Part of the Ground in the Yard of the said Parochial Chapel, in which no Corpse has heretofore been interred, for Graves, or to permit or suffer, on any Terms, or for any Purpose whatever, such Ground to be disturbed or broken up.

XXXVII. And whereas it is desirable that the Church wardens for the Time being of the said Parish should have Power granted them to purchase by way of Exchange from the Proprietors of Graves in both or either of the said Burial Grounds attached to the said Parish Church of Saint Peter, and the Parochial Chapel of Our Lady and Saint Nicholas, their respective Interests therein, in order to prevent any Increase of Burials therein; be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Liverpool, and their Successors, either with or without the Consent of the Rectors of the said Parish, or their Successors, to purchase from the Owners or Proprietors of Graves in the Yards of the said Parish Church and Parochial Chapel, or either of them, all their Estate, Right, Title, and Interest in or to the Graves therein, and to grant and convey other Graves in lieu and satisfaction thereof in the Ground or Grounds intended to be purchased as and for a Public Cemetery or Cemeteries in the said Parish, under and by virtue of the Authority herein contained.

XXXVIII. And in order to raise Money for the Purchase of the said intended Cemeteries, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make a Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, on all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, occupy, or hold any House or Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound in the whole, on the full Annual Rent or Value of all and each of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Parish; and such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be made at any Time after the Expiration of Thirty Days from and after the passing of this Act, and shall be paid to,

1871

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxix.

raised and levied, and collected by any Collector or Collectors to be appointed by the said Churchwardens and Overseers for the Time being, or their Successors, and shall, when collected, be applied by them for the Purchase of the Land for the said intended Cemeteries, and other the Purposes of this Act, in the Manner herein mentioned : Provided always, that the Sum to be raised for the Purposes aforesaid, in any One Year, shall not exceed the Sum of Three-pence in the Pound.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Rate or Rates, Rates to be Assessment or Assessments, shall be payable Half-yearly. payable

r J 1 J Half-yearly.

XL. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Act not to contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to charge or make chargeable any Person or Persons to, with, or for any of the rat^daunore said Rates hereby directed to be made and levied, who shall not at the than a cer-Time of making the said Rates respectively be in the Possession of a Mes- tain Sum. suage or Dwelling House in the said Parish of Liverpool of greater Yearly Rent than Ten Pounds, but that the Owner and Owners of all Messuages and Dwelling Houses of the Yearly Rent of Ten Pounds and under shall in respect thereof be rated and be liable to the Payment of the Taxes by this Act to be imposed, and that the same Ways and Means shall be taken and pursued for the Recovery thereof as are before provided for the Recovery of the Rates before-mentioned; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Person Collectors or Persons to be appointed by the said Churchwardens and Overseers for empowered the Time being, and their Successors, Collector or Collectors of the r^ceive said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and he and they is and 1 a es* are hereby authorized and empowered to collect, receive, levy, and recover the same Rates or Assessments according to the Powers and Provisions of this Act.

XLII. Provided always, and to prevent Dispute touching the Designation who deem-of the Landlord or Owner, Lessee or Lessees intended to be made in cer- ed Occu-tain Cases liable to Rates by this Act, be it enacted, That the Person or Pier' Persons receiving or claiming to be intitled to the Rents of every House,

Tenement, or Hereditament, immediately payable by the Tenant or Occupier thereof, shall be deemed or taken to be the Landlord or Owner,

Lessee or Lessees of the same for the Purposes of this Act, and shall continue to be rated and liable to the Payment of all the Rates as hereinbefore mentioned, until some other Person or Persons shall be rated to or pay the same, unless the real Landlord, Owner, or Lessee shall compound for the same with the said Churchwardens and Overseers : Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall alter or impeach any Contract or Agreement which may have been, or may hereafter be made or entered into between any Landlord and Tenant, or any Landlords and Tenants.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Omission of or Omissions in Error in the Name of any Person or Persons, or of any Messuages, Tene- Rates ay ments, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Hereditaments, or Properties liable to be rectifietl* be rated for any of the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act, shall appear to the said Churchwardens and Overseers, it shall be lawful for the said

1872

Recovery of Rates.

Collectors to account.

4" GEORGII IV. CapAxxxix.

said Churchwardens and Overseers to cause to be added to the said Rate the Name or Names of the Person or Persons omitted, and a Description of the Property in respect of which he, she, or they ought to be rated, and every such Addition made to any of the said Rates shall be as valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Name of such Person or Persons, and a Description of such his, her, or their Property had been inserted in the original Rate at the Time the same was first made.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the Sum or Sums of Money at which he, she, or they shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Ten Days next after the same shall become due and payable as aforesaid, after Demand in Writing made thereof and delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, signed by any Person or Persons by virtue of this Act appointed Collector or Collectors of such Money so rated or assessed, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every Person so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Liverpool, which Warrant such Justices are hereby empowered and required to grant upon Proof made upon Oath of such Refusal or Neglect, and which Oath the said Justices, or One of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Amount of the said Rates or Assessments, and of all Arrears thereof, and the reasonable Costs and Charges attending such Proceedings, Distress, and Sale.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons to be appointed Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, who shall collect or receive any of the Monies arising by any such Rates or Assessments, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to deliver in Writing, under his and their Hand or Hands, to the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or unto such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing, and shall verify the same on Oath, which Oath any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough is hereby empowered to administer, of all Monies which he and they shall have collected and received by such Rate or Assessment, or which shall be in his or their Hands, Custody, or Power relating thereto, unto the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, and their Successors; and if any such Collector or Collectors shall refuse or neglect to collect and receive the Sums to be rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, or to account for such Money in his or their Hands, Custody, or Power, in Manner herein directed as aforesaid, every such Collector or Collectors so offending shall for every such Refusal or Neglect forfeit any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds; which Penalty, and also all the Money in the Hands, Custody, or Power of such Collector or Collectors, so due and owing from such Collector or Collectors to the said Churchwardens and Overseers, and their Successors, for or on account of such Rate or Assessment, shall and may be levied and recovered by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Liverpool, which 8 • Warrant

1873

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lxxxix.

Warrant such Justice is hereby required to give, on Proof of any such Refusal or Neglect, or that any Sum or Sums of Money is or are due and owing from such Collector or Collectors to the said Churchwardens and Overseers for or on account of such Rate or Assessment, on the Oath or Oaths (which Oath or Oaths such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) of any credible Witness or Witnesses, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Collector or Collectors so refusing or neglecting, or from whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be so to be accounted for, or due and owing for or on account of such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting such Penalty, and the Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear to be so due and owing to the said Churchwardens and Overseers for or on account of such Rate or Assessment, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Appeal. Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order,

Judgment, or Determination made or given by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, may, within One Month after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Borough of Liverpool aforesaid, the Party or Parties appealing first giving Fourteen Days Notice at the least or his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter and Cause thereof, to the Party or Parties against whom such Appeal shall be made, or whose Interests may be affected by such Appeal, and within' Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the said Borough, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the said Justices may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and all such Orders and Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distress not made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Dis- unlawful tress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making p^ant of the 6ame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect orm' or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

XLVIil. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of this Act shall Expence* of be paid by the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and by the Inhabitants Act.

[Local.'] 21 1 of

1874 4° GEORGII IV. Cap.bSxix.

of the said Parish, in equal Shares and Proportions, and that the Proportion so payable by the said Inhabitants shall be defrayed by the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said Parish, by and out of the Monies to be raised for the Repairs of the Churches of the said Parish.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Double Costs.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs on Demurrer, then and in any of the said Cases the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants have or hath by Law for Costs in any other Case.

Form of Conviction.

L. And be it further enacted, That each Conviction for any Offence against this Act shall be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect; videlicet,

\ the County of Lan- ID ’ , Day

• caster, to wit. J of in the Year of our

i Lord uf. B. is convicted before me

‘ C. D., One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said ‘ Borough, (specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and < where the same was committed, as the Case may be); and I do adjudge ‘ him, her, or them to pay and forfeit the Sum of i Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year

1 aforesaid.’

General LI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or

Saving. Successors, and to the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and to all and every other Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, all such Right, Title, and Interest of, in, to, and out of the same Piece of Ground so intended to be set apart as aforesaid, and the said new Church intended to be erected thereon, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made.

[Public Act.]

LII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

