A

COLLECTION

OF THE

PRIVATE ACTS printed by the KING’s PRINTER,

The printed Copies whereof may be given in Evidence,

PASSED IN THE

Fourth Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the FOURTH

Being the FOURTH SESSION of the SEVENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

1823.

All the STATUTES passed in the FOURTH Session of the SEVENTH Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

4° GEO. IV.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

I. AN Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have

* omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Executionyof Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand* eight hundred and twenty-four; and to allow Persons itp. m.ak^ And file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served Shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates. 3

II. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Trade between His Majesty's Possessions in America and the West Indies and other Parts of the World. 13

III. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on

Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, Foreign Spirits, and Sweets, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England; and for receiving the Contributions of Persons receiving Pensions and holding Offices; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three. 17

IV. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions by Exchequer Bills

for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three. 37

V. An Act to render valid certain Marriages. 41

VI. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three. 45

A TABLE of the STATUTES

VII. An Act to regulate the Appointment and Swearing into Office of the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, 49

VIII. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the Fifty-fourth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. 53

IX. An Act to repeal the Rates, Duties, and Taxes payable in respect of

Male Servants, Horses, Carriages, and Dogs, in Ireland. 57

X. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, intituled An Act for making

and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton, in so far as relates to the Application of certain Exchequer Bills therein mentioned. 61

XI. An Act for repealing certain of the Duties of Assessed Taxes; for reducing certain other of the said Duties 5 and for relieving Persons who have compounded for the same. 65

XII. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces

while on Shore. 73

XIII. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 113

XIV. An Act to continue for Five Years, and from thence until the End

of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts made in the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland. 185

XV. An Act to continue for Five Years, and from thence until the End

of the then next Session of Parliament, and to amend the Laws relating to Yeomanry Corps, in Ireland. 189

XVI. An Act to explain so much of the General Turnpike Act, as relates

to the Toll payable on Carriages laden with Lime for the Improvement of Land. 193

XVII. An Act to repeal certain Provisions of an Act passed in the Third

Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend certain Provisions of the Twenty-sixth 0/ George the Second, for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages. . 197

XVIII. An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors. SOI

XIX. An Act for further regulating the Reduction of the National

Debt. 205

XX. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers

and others on quartering Soldiers. 213

XXL An Act for granting and applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three. 217

XXII. An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into by the Trustees under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for apportioning the

Burthen

V

(Public General') 4° GEO. IV.

Burthen occasioned by the Military and Naval Pensions, and Civil Superannuations, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, 221

XXIII. An Act to consolidate the several Boards of Customs, and also

the several Boards of Excise, of Great Britain and Ireland. 229

XXIV. An Act to make more effectual Provision for permitting Goods

imported to be secured in Warehouses, or other Places, without Payment of Duty on the first Entry thereof. 237

XXV. An Act for regulating the Number of Apprentices to be taken

on board British Merchant Vessels; and for preventing the Desertion of Seamen therefrom. 289

XXVI. An Act to repeal the Duties on certain Articles, and to provide

for the gradual Discontinuance of the Duties on certain other Articles, the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, on their Importation into either Country from the other. 293

XXVII. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, respecting Justices of the Quorum in Cities and Towns Corporate. 801

XXVIII. An Act for the more speedy Reduction of the Number of

Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers in the Militia of Ireland, when not in actual Service. 305

XXIX. An Act to increase the Power of Magistrates, in Cases of Apprenticeships. 309

XXX. An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of certain

Articles subject to Duties of Excise, and certain other Articles the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, into and from either Country from and to the other. 313

XXXI. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act more effectually to prevent profane Cursing and Swearing. 321

XXXII. An Act for the Amendment of the Laws respecting Charitable

Loan Societies in Ireland. 325

XXXIII. An Act to make more effectual Regulations for the Election,

and to secure the Performance of the Duties, of County Treasurers in Ireland. ? 329

XXXIV. An Act to enlarge the Powers of Justices in determining Com-

plaints between Masters and Servants, and between Masters, Apprentices, Artificers, and others. 341

XXXV. An Act to enable Trustees or Commissioners under Acts of Parliament to meet and carry such Acts into Execution, although they may not have met according to the Directions of such Acts. 345

XXXVI. An Act to discourage the granting of Leases in Joint Tenancy

in Ireland. 349

XXXVII. An Act to amend an Act for the more speedy Return and

Levying of Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Recognizances estreated. 353

A TABLE of the STATUTES

XXXVIII. An Act for settling the Compensation to the Holders of certain Offices in the Courts of Law in Ireland, abolished under an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the same. 357

XXXIX. An Act to continue an Act of the last Session of Parliament,

for allowing a Drawback of the Whole of the Duties of Customs on Brimstone used and consumed in Great Britain in the making and preparing Oil of Vitriol or Sulphuric Acid. 361

XL. An Act to amend several Acts for the Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Scotland. sG5

XLI. An Act for the registering of Vessels. 339

XLII. An Act to amend the several Acts for the Assistance of Trade and Manufactures, and the Support of Commercial Credit, in Ireland. 397

XLIII. An Act to regulate the Amount of Presentments by Grand Juries, for Payment of the Public Officers of the several Counties in Ireland. 401

XLIV. An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks on Barilla imported into the United Kingdom, and to grant other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof. 409

XLV. An Act for allowing Persons to compound for their Assessed Taxes for the Remainder of the Periods of Composition limited by former Acts; and for giving Relief in certain Cases therein mentioned. 413

XLVI. An Act for repealing the Capital Punishments inflicted by several Acts of the Sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of King George the Second, and of the Third, Fourth, and Twenty-second Years of King George the Third; and for providing other Punishments in lieu thereof and in lieu of the Punishment of Frame-breaking under an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the same Reign. 421

XLVII. An Act for authorizing the Employment at Labour, in the Colonies, of Male Convicts under Sentence of Transportation. 425

XLVIII. An Act for enabling Courts to abstain from pronouncing Sentence of Death in certain Capital Felonies. 429

XLIX. An Act for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, 433

L. An Act for the Rebuilding of London Bridge, and for improving and making suitable Approaches thereto. 477

LI An Act to encourage the Consumption of Beer; and to amend the Laws for securing the Excise Duties thereon. 537

LII. An Act to alter and amend the Law relating to the Interment of the Remains of any Person found Felo de se. 553

LIII. An Act for extending the Benefit of Clergy to several Larcenies therein mentioned.

LIV An Act for allowing the Benefit of Clergy to Persons convicted of certain Felonies under Two Acts, of the Ninth Year of King George

the First and of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second; for making better Provision for the Punishment of Persons guilty of sending or delivering threatening Letters, and of Assaults with Intent to commit Robbery. 56\

LV. An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts now in force, so far as the same relate to the Election and Return of Members to serve in Parliament, for Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland. 565

LVI. An Act for maintaining in Repair the Military and Parliamentary Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and also certain Ferry-Piers and Shipping-Quays erected by the Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges. 601

LVII. An Act to defer the Commencement of the Duties and Drawbacks on Barilla, under an Act of this present Session of Parliament. 621

LVIII. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, an Act, made in the last Session of* Parliament, for suppressing Insurrections and preventing Disturbances of the Public Peace in Ireland. 625

LIX. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons

Mates, and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four. 629

LX. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. 645

LXI. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery in Ireland. 677

LXII. An Act to repeal the Duties upon Horses let to Hire for the Purpose of travelling in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof 5 and to provide for letting the same to farm. 729

LXIII. An Act to authorize the Advance of Money by the Commissioners under several Acts for the Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works, for the building, rebuilding, enlarging, or repairing of Gaols in England.

7 65

LXIV. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the building, repairing, and regulating of certain Gaols and Houses of Correction in England and Wales. 769

LXV. An Act to extend Two Acts of His late Majesty, for Distribution of Prize Money, to all Cases of Capture that have been made by Foreign Ships or Land Forces in Conjunction with His Majesty's Ships or Land Forces. 813

LXVI. An Act to authorize, in certain Cases, the Reduction of the Duties payable in Ireland, and the Alteration of the Duties and Drawbacks on the Importation and Exportation of Goods between Gi'eat

Britain and Ireland. 817

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LXVII. An Act to declare valid certain Marriages that have been solemnized at St. Petershurgh since the Abolition of the British Factory there. 3^1

LXVIII. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in Execution of the Acts therein recited. 825

LXIX. An Act to repeal certain Duties of Customs in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; to grant certain Bounties on Salted Provisions and Silk Manufactures exported; and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting the Duties of Customs. 841

LXX. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland. 877

LXXI. An Act for defraying the Charge of Retiring Pay, Pensions, and other Expences of that Nature, of His Majesty's Forces serving in India; for establishing the Pensions of the Bishop, Archdeacons, and Judges; for regulating Ordinations; and for establishing a Court of Judicature at Bombay. 909

LXXII. An Act to repeal the several Duties and Drawbacks of Customs chargeable and allowable in Ireland, on the Importation and Exportation of certain Foreign and Colonial Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and to grant other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof equal to the Duties and Drawbacks chargeable and allowable thereon in Great Britain. 917

LXXIII. An Act to facilitate the Recovery of Damages for Malicious Injuries to Property in Ireland. 1009

LXXIV. An Act for vesting in Commissioners the Bridges now building-over the Menai Straits and the River Conway, and the Harbours of Howth and Holyhead, and the Road from Dublin to Howth; and for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead. 1013

LXXV. An Act for enabling His Majesty to inclose Part of Kew Green, and for dividing and extinguishing Rights of Common over certain Lands in the Parish of Kew in the County of Surrey. 1077

LXXVI. An Act for amending the Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England. 1089

LXXVII. An Act to authorize His Majesty, under certain Circumstances, to regulate 4he Duties and Drawbacks on Goods imported or exported in Foreign vessels; and to exempt certain Foreign Vessels from Pilotage. , HOI

LXXVIII. An Act to grant additional Stamp Duties on certain Proceedings in the Court of Chancery and in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland. 1105

LXXIX. An Act for building additional Places of Worship in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland. 1113

LXXX. An Act to consolidate and amend the several Laws now in force with respect to Trade from and to Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, and to make further Provisions . s with

(Public General') 4° GEO. IV. ix

with respect to such Trade; and to amend an Act oi the present Session of Parliament, for the registering of Vessels, so far as it relates to Vessels registered in India. 1121

LXXXI. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company; and to authorize Soldiers and Sailors in the East Indies to send and receive Letters at a reduced Rate of Postage. 1137

LXXXII. An Act to authorize for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the temporary Removal of Convicts from the General Penitentiary. 1165

LXXXIII. An Act for the better Protection of the Property of Merchants and others, who may hereafter enter into Contracts or Agreements in relation to Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes intrusted to Factors or Agents. 1169

LXXXIV. An Act to repeal the Laws for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. 1173

LXXXV. An Act for empowering Commissioners, to be appointed by His Majesty, to enquire into the Forms of Process in the Courts of Law in Scotland, and the Course of Appeals from the Court of Sessions to the House of Lords. 1181

v ' "

LXXXVI. An Act to amend the Laws for collecting Church Rates, and Money advanced by the Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits of Ecclesiastical Benefices, and for the Improvement of Church Lands, in Ireland. 1185

LXXXVII. An Act to amend and render more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for preventing the administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland.

1205

LXXXVIII. An Act for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers between Great Britain and Ireland. 1213

LXXXIX. An Act to limit and regulate the Expence of certain Proceedings in the Courts of Justice in Ireland in the Particulars therein mentioned. 1221

XC. An Act to regulate the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland.

1225

XCI. An Act to relieve His Majesty's Subjects from all Doubt concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized abroad. 1233

XCII. An Act for extending the Annuity granted to Earl Saint Vincent to the present Viscount Saint Vincent, and the next Person to whom the Title of Viscount Saint Vincent shall descend. 1237

XCIII. An Act to divide the County of Cork, for the Purpose of holding additional General Sessions therein. 124L

XCIV. An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Spirits distilled from Corn or Grain in Scotland and Ireland, and upon Licences for Stills for making such Spirits; and to provide for the better collecting and securing such Duties, and for the warehousing of such Spirits without Payment of Duty. 1245

XCV. An

C

X

A TABLE of the STATUTES

XCV. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England. 1297

XCVI. An Act to provide, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament, for the better Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, and for the more effectual Government thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 1341

XCVII. An Act for the Regulation of the Court of the Commissaries of Edinburgh; and for altering and regulating the Jurisdiction of Inferior Commissaries in Scotland. 1365

XCVIII. An Act for the better granting of Confirmations in Scotland.

1373

XCIX. An Act to provide for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland for a limited Time. 1377

C. An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen millions seven hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills; for applying a certain Sum of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 1417

(Local 8f Personal, declared Public, 4° GEO. IV.

xi

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near the

Haw Passage, in the County of Gloucester, and for making convenient Roads thereto. 3

ii. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near to the

My the Hill, within the Parish and near to the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, to the opposite Side of the said River, in the Parish of Bushley in the County of Worcester; and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate with such Bridge, within the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, 53

iii. An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving

the Town and Borough of Darlington, in the County of Durham. 117

iv. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act of

His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Improvement of Portman Square, within the Parish of Saint Mary de-bone, in the County of Middlesex, 153

v. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Borough of Plymouth, and

Places adjacent, in the County of Devon, 161

vi. An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in

Repair, several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash in the County of Cornwall 201

vii. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually improving the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties • of Northampton and Lincoln; and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said Roads, from Bourn to Spalding in the said County of Lincoln, 213

viii. An Act for repairing and amending the Road from the City of

Peterborough through Oundle and Thrapston to Wellingborough in the County of Northampton, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto. 217

ix. An Act for building a Bridge and making a Causeway from Lang-

stone in the Parish of Havant in the County of Southampton, to Hay ling Island in the Parish of Hayling North in the said County, at or near a certain House there called The Ferry House; and for forming and making proper Roads, Approaches, or Avenues thereto. 229

x. An Act for erecting a Bridge over the Water of Lary, from Pomplilet Point, to or near to Great Prince Rock, in the County of Devon, 281

xi. An

XII

A TABLE of the STATUTES

xi. An Act for erecting and maintaining a new Court Room, Record

Rooms, and other Offices, for the County of Forfar. 297

xii. An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving the Roads from Union Point near Uelf eld to the Sea Houses in Eastbourne, and from Horsebridge to Cross in Hand, all in the County oi'Sussex. 309

xiii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Preston to

Garstang in the County of Lancaster. 325

# _ ... V"'

xiv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Stroud

h to Bisley in the County of Gloucester. a. -345

xv. An Act for repairing and improving the Roads from the Town of p Stockbridge to the City of Winchester, and from the said City of

Winchester to the Top of Stephen’s Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop’s Waltham in the County of Southampton, and from the said City of Winchester through Otterborne to Bar Gate in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and certain Roads adjoining thereto. 365

xvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from and out of the Road leading from Quebec in Leeds, to Homefield Lane End in Wortley, to communicate with the Road leading from Hudderfield to

vd Birstall, at Smithie’s Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York.

389

It

xvii. An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Roads between Newton Abbott and Brixham, Kingswear and Dartmouth, Shaldon and Torquay, and several other Roads communicating therewith, in the

% County of Devon. 405

xviii. An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal Company to borrow a further Sum of Money. 421

xix. An Act for the Improvement, more effectual Security, and Maintenance of the Harbour of Bridport, in the County of Dorset. 425

xx. An Act for amending an Act of the Third Year of His present

Majesty, for continuing and altering Six former Acts of Their late Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third* for enlarging the Piers and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York. 469

xxi. An Act for appointing Select Vestrymen, Governors, and Directors

of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the County of Middlesex; and for altering and amending Two Acts passed in the Thirteenth and Fifty-third Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, relating to the same. V «hihlT 473

xxii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading Worn the

Bolton and Blackburn Road in Sharpies, to the Blackburn and Preston Road in Hogliton, in the County of Lancaster, called the Sharpies and Hoghton Turnpike Road. 481

xxiii. An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping

in Repair the Road between the Towns of Cocker mouth and Workington in the County of Cumberland.!! 493

Xxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Garstang to the Town of Lancaster, and from thence to a r ' Place

(Local Sf Personal, declared Public, fyc.) 4° GEO. IV. xiii

Place called Heiring Syke, and the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of Slyne with Hest to Hest Bank, all in the County Palatine

of Lancaster. 505

xxv. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in

Repair several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, and the Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury. 525

xxvi. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act passed in

the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repealing an Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned. 541

xxvii. An Act for amending the Road from Offington Corner in the Parishes

of Broadwater and West Tarring, or one of them, in the County of Sussex, by Findon, Washington Hill Rock, and Ashington Common, to Dial Post, and from thence by Nep Castle to the Steyning Turnpike Road at West Grinsted Park in the said County; and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith. 553

xxviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green; and also the Road leading out of the last-mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowesley Bridge, all in the County of Derby. 569

xxix. An Act for amending the Road from the Devizes Turnpike Road, at

or near Somerham Brook, through Melksham, to the Horse and Jockey in the Parish of Box in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road, all in the said County. 581

xxx. An Act for improving the Roads from Darlaston Bridge, through

Newcastle-under-Lyme, to Butt Lane and Linley Lane, and from the Black Lion to Shelton Wharf, all in the County of Stafford. 593

xxxi. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Otley to Skipton

in the County of York. 617

xxxii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the

Ninth and Nineteenth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for building and completing a Bridge at Worcester over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto. 633

xxxiii. An Act to enable the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company

to vary and alter the Line of their Railway, and also the Line or Lines of some of the Branches therefrom, and to make an additional Branch therefrom, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the Act passed for making and maintaining the said Railway. 661

xxxiv. An Act to alter and amend Two several Acts passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His Majesty King George the Second, for the Purpose of enabling the Churchwardens, Overseers,

D and

XIV

A TABLE of the STATUTES

and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Saviour in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish.

o *vT • 681

XXXIV. for Pav^ng> lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving

the Town of Knaresbrough in the West Riding of the County of York\ and that Part of the Township of Scriven-with-Tenter gate which adjoins

the said Town, and is called Tenter gate, 685

xxxvi. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Rochdale, and the

Neighbourhood thereof, within the Parish of Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster, 721

xxxvii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Belfast, and the

Suburbs thereof. 7*S

xxxviii. An Act for establishing an additional Company for lighting the

City and Suburbs of Dublin with Gas. 785

xxxix. An Act for lighting with Oil Gas the Town of Liverpool and

certain Places adjacent thereto. 821

xl. An Act for lighting with Gas the public Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, and the Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings, within the King’s Town and Parish of Maidstone in the County of Kent, 865

xli. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Alfreton in the County of Derby to the Town of Derby, 905

xlii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Horsham in the County of Sussex, by Bewbush, to the Town of Crawley in the said County. 921

xliii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town of Mold in the County of Flint and the Town of Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between the Town of Ruthin in the said County of Denbigh and the Town of Wrexham aforesaid, and also Two several Branches of Road therefrom. 933

xliv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from East Teignmouth, through Dawlish, Starcross, and Kenton, to communicate with the Exeter Turnpike Road in the Parish of Exminster, all in the County of Devon, 945

xlv. An Act for more effectually amending the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill in the County of Chester; and for making and keeping in Repair the Road branching out of the said Road at Pwll-y-rhwyd to the Borough of Holt in the said County of Denbigh, 957

xlvi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Botley Turnpike Road on Curdridge Common in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, to the Gosport Turnpike Road at or near Filmer Hill in the Parish of Westmeon, with a Branch from the said Road on Corhampton Down to the Village of Corhampton, all in the County of Southampton,

969

xlvii. An Act for repairing and improving divers Roads in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, comprised in Three Districts, called the Ecclesliall, Newport, and Waiting Street District, the Newcastle and Ecclesliall District, and the Hilton and Honnington District. 981

xlviii. An

XV

(Local $ Personal, declared Public, tyc.J 4° GEO. IV.

xlviii. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane new Bradford through Haworth to Blue Bell near Colne, and from the Two Laws to Kighley, in the Counties of York and Lancaster. 1005

xlix. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Yorkshire District of the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirk by in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, and for making several Diversions therefrom, within the said West Riding of the County of York. 1017

1. An Act for repairing the Road from Sage Cross in the Town of Melton Mowbray in the County of Leicester to the Town of Grantham in the County of Lincoln. 1033

li. An Act for improving and maintaining in Repair divers Roads in the County of Stafford, leading from Newcastle-under-Lyme to Blyth Marsh, from Cliff Bank to Snape Marsh, from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, and from Shelton to Newcastle-under-Lyme. 1049

lii. An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving certain Roads, leading to and from Liskeard and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon. 1073

liii. An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads passing through or near the Town of Ilminster in the County of Somerset. 1089

liv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Wibsey Low Moor near Bradford, through Brig house, to Huddersfield, with Three Diversions or Branches from such Road, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1105

lv. An Act for more effectually amending the Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's Fields and the Bell Inn in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the West End of Long Bridge in South Lynn, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk \ and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Norfolk. 1117

lvi. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridg-ford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton. 1141

lvii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the City of Canterbury to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham in the County of Kent; and for lighting, watering, and watching Part of the said Road, leading into the said City of Canterbury. 1153

lviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Hole-house or Riding, near Greenfield to Saddleworth, to join the Stay ley Turnpike Road, and also to join the Halifax and Sheffield Turnpike Road, all in the West Riding of the County of York. 1181

lix. An Act for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of Newcastle-under-

Lyme,

xvi A TABLE of the STATUTES

Lyme, in the County of Stafford, so far as relates to the Uttoxeter District of the said Roads; and for making certain new Pieces of Road to communicate therewith, all in the said County of Stafford. 1201

lx. An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Castle Street at the End of the Town of Hinckley in the County of Leicester, to the End of the Town of Lutterworth in the same County. 1225

lxi. An Act for repairing and amending the Road from the Town of Market Harborough in the County of Leicester to the City of Coventry.

1241

lxii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Cambridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford to Cartgate in Martock, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset. 1257

lxiii. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road from Lutterworth to Market Harborough, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton. 1269

lxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the South End of Sparrows Herne on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkharnsted Saint Peter, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher’s Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham. 1281

lxv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Staplecross to Hornscross, and from Hornscross to the Turnpike Road near Brickwall House in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish oi' Beckley, and from Staple-cross to Bodiam Bridge and to the Turnpike Road at Silver Hill, all in the County of Sussex. 1301

lxvi, An Act for repairing and maintaining the Roads from Barnsley Common to Grange Moor and White Cross, and from the Guide Post in Barugh over Barugh Brook into the Township of Cawthorne, all in the County of York. 1317

lxvii. An Act for more effectually amending, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering through Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Buckingham.

1337

lxviii. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for rebuilding the Church and improving the Churchyard of the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the said Act. 1353

lxix. An Act for better supplying the City of Worcester and the Liberties thereof with Water; and for more effectually paving, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the said City. 1361

lxx. An Act for lighting and watching the Parish and Town of Greenwich in the County of Kent, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein.

1453

lxxi. An

(Local 8f Pensmah declared Public, fycf 4° GEO. IV. xvii

ixxi. An Act for regulating the Police of the Barony o! Gov bah, in the : County of Lanark; paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, erecting a Bridewell, and other Purposes relating thereto.* 1433

lxxii. An Act for lighting the Town and Burgh of Paisley, and Suburbs and Places adjacent, with Gas, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

1477

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Woolwich in the County of Kent. 1509

lxxiv. An Act for lighting with Gas the City of For/r, and the Suburbs and Vicinity thereof. 1541

lxxv. An Act for lighting, watching, and cleansing the Grange Road, and other Parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey. 1581

U |*| tJintlSt [■ ,i, || r» r | »i» *

lxxvi. An Act for explaining, amending, arid rendering more effectual an Act of His late Majesty, for draining certain Commons and Fens lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and for increasing the Rates thereby authorized, and imposing additional Rates for more effectually draining the said Lands. t 1625

lxxvii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Wadsley and Langset Turnpike Road, and extending the same in Two Lines to join the Huddersfield and Woodhead Turnpike Road, in the Townships of Upper-thong and Honley, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1653

i". -

lxxviii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the First, Twenty-first, and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helston, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge. 1669

lx^ix. An Act for better and more effectually improving and keeping in repair the Road leading from the Town of Kingsion-upon-Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton. 1681

lxxx. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Norwich to

\iFakenham, in the County of Norfolk. 1761

lxxxi. Anc Acf for amending and keeping in repair the Roads from Dover

f BkrFttm Downs, and from Dover to the Town of Folkestone, and from thence through the Parish of Folkestone to Sandgate, in the County of

Kent.

1713

4>

lxxxii. An Act for improving and keeping in repair the Road from Tar-porley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to the South-east End of Acton Forge, near Weverham, in the same County. 17^9

lxxxiii. An Act for amending and maintaining the Roads from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch and other Places, to Newtown River, and from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid through Wherwell to Andover, in the County of Southampton.

0 1741

E

lxxxiv. A11

xviii A TABLE of the STATUTES

lxxxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, and improving certain Roads in the several Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey and Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and Saint Paul, Deptford, and Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of

1765

lxxxv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the South End of Brown's Lane, in the Parish of Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Bedford Turnpike Road in the Parish of Lavendon in the County of Buckingham. 1805

lxxxvi. An Act for repairing, widening, and maintaining the Road leading from Horsham in the County of Sussex, through Dorking and Leatherhead, to Epsom in the County of Surrey, and from Capel to Stone Street, at Ockley, in the said County of Surrey. 1817

lxxxvii. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make an additional Tunnel through Harecastle Hill in the County of Stafford, and an additional Reservoir in Knypersley Valley in the said County; and to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts for making and maintaining the said Navigation, and the several Canals connected therewith. 1833

lxxxviii. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for erecting and maintaining Ferries across the River Tay, in the Counties of Fife and Forfar. 1853

lxxxix. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of His late Majesty, for building a new Church within the Town and Parish of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster; to vest the said Church and the Ground thereunto belonging in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Liverpool; to authorize the Purchase of Land in the said Town to be appropriated to the Use of Public Cemeteries; and to restrict the Burial of Corpses in the present Cemeteries of the Parish Church and Parochial Chapel there. 1857

xc. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and improving the Township of Halifax, and tor supplying the same with Water. 1877

xci. An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the Highways and other Public Places in the Parish of Sai?it Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey. 1957

xcii. An Act for improving, paving, lighting, cleansing, and watching the Town of Mansfield in the County of Nottingham. 2029

xciii. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town of Skipton in the West Riding of the County of York. 2101

xciv. An Act for the Erection of a Bridge across the River Shannon, and of a Floating Dock to accommodate Sharp Vessels frequenting the Port of Limerick. 2129

xcv. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to establish an additional Company for lighting certain Parts of the Metropolis and Parts adjacen t with Gas. 2177

xcvi. An Act to establish a Company for lighting with Gas the Town of

Northampton. 2193

xcvii. An

7

(Local Personal, declared Public, &'C.J 4° GEO. IV. xix

xcvii. An Act to amend and explain the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for lighting with Gas the Town of BrightheImstone, and to raise a further Sum of Money for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution. 2287

xcviii. An Act for lighting with Gas the several Parishes of Saint Boiolph Aldgate, and Saint Paul Shadwell, and certain Parts of the Parishes of Saint George in the East, otherwise Saint George Middlesex, and Saint John of Wapping, and of the Hamlets of Mile-end Old Town and Ratcliff, in the County of Middlesex. 2249

xcix. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Dublin Gas Works to raise more Money for the further lighting the City and Suburbs of Dublin with Gas. 2293

c. An Act for lighting the Town of Mansfield in the County of Nottingham with Gas. 2301

ci. An Act to establish a Company for lighting the Borough of Stamford in the County of Lincoln, and Saint Martin’s Stamford Baron in the County of Northampton, with Gas. 2341

cii. An Act for lighting with Oil Gas the City of Bristol and the Parish of Clftoii in the County of Gloucester, and certain Parishes adjacent thereto. 2S77

ciii. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repealing several Acts therein mentioned, for draining certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, near Mildenhall River, so far as relates to the Lands in the First District therein described, and for making better Provision for draining and preserving the said Lands. 2417

civ. An Act for amending and improving the Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton in the County of Devon. 2433

cv. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in repair the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair in the Town of Banbury in the County of Oxford, through Swalcliffe in the said County of Oxford, and through Brailes in the County of Warwick, to the Bridge crossing the River Stour in the Parish of Barcheston in the said County of Warwick. 2453

cvi. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Whitechapel Church in the County of Middlesex, unto Passing-ford Bridge, and through and to the End of the several Parishes or Places of Sheffield and Woodford, in the County of Essex, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 2465

cvii. An Act for amending the Road leading from the New Wall on the Parade in Castle ton in the Parish of Rochdale, through Middleton, to the Meer Stone in Great Heaton, and to the Town of Manchester, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for diverting certain Parts of the said Road. 2489

=* r '

cviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Bea-consfield in the County of Buckingham to Stoken Church in the County of Oxford. 2509

cix. An

XX

A TABLE of the STATUTES

cix. An Act for more effectually making and maintaining the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, and from Modbury to within Four hundred Yards of the Bridge over the Lary, and also a Road from Addistone Hill, in the Parish of Holbeten, to the Totness Road at Lady Down, in the Parish of Ugborough, in the County of Devon. "2521

cx. An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from Skipton in the County of York to Colne in the County of Lancaster. 2537

cxi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge in the County of Northampton to Stamford, and from Stamford to Bourn, in the County of Lincoln. 2557

cxii. An Act for making and repairing certain Roads from Redrow to Peathill in the County of Stirling. 2569

cxiii. An Act for more effectually improving and keeping in repair the Pier and Harbour of Minehead in the County of Somerset 2601

cxiv. An Act for altering and amending Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Thirty-third Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers within the City of London and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same. 2629

cxv. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for more effectually supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester and Salford, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 2657

cxvi. An Act to amend several Acts for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames, from the City of London, to the opposite Bank, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey. 2697

cxvii. An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in the Hamlet of Far Town, and Parish of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York. 2709

cxviii. An Act for extinguishing Tithes and Customary Payments in lieu of Tithes, and all Demands for Easter Offerings, within the London or City Liberty of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the City of London, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof. 27^1

cxix. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Gas Light and Coke Company, and to amend several Acts passed in the Reign of His late Majesty relating to the said Company. 274*1

cxx. An Act for repairing the Roads from Oxdown Gate in Popham Lane to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Hursley to Chandler's Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the Hundred at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swathling, in the County of Southampton, and from the said Turnpike Road at Romsey, through Ringwood, in the said County, to Longham Bridge and Wimborne Minster, in the County of Dorset. 2765

cxxi. An

(Local Personal^ declared Public. ^c.^. 4° GEO. IV. xxi

cxxi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from a Place called the Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the County of Stafford, to Stone Bridge, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the County of Warwick. 2781

cxxii. An Act for repairing the Roads from the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, to the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch _ in the County of Leicester, and from Harrington Bridge (heretofore Sawley Ferry) in the said County of Leicester, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swarcliffe Lane leading to Ashby-deda-Zouch aforesaid. 2793

cxxiii. An Act to enlarge the Powers of and render more effectual certain Acts of the Twenty-second and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, and the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes and Places in the said Acts mentioned, and to regulate the Fees payable to the Court thereby established. 2809

cxxiv. An Act to allow further Time for the Completion of the Docks, and other Works belonging to the London Dock Company. 2821

cxxv. An Act for altering the Time for holding General Annual Meetings for licensing Alehouses within the County of Middlesex, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace for the said County to remunerate High Constables. 2825

cxxvi. An Act for the better Government of the City of Limerick, and the due Appropriation of the Public Revenues thereof. 2833

101 UHfc «)

F

xxii A TABLE of STATUTES

> hoi: gmaobrii loi tlmdT -nii

v^Vvn’A lo darns4! odi ni -i*oU*v?YK ’io fiute/iwoT h i ju 1

PRIVATE ACTS,

> fco&saJ trung oi ovivto8 - ,f-p v,-'w -

PRINTED BY THE KING’S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Croydon in the County of Surrey. 3

2. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Molyneux Seel Esquire,

in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of a more convenient and compact Estate, to be settled to the same Uses. 17

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Quarter of Oullon, in

the Parish of Wigton in the County of Cumberland. 29

4. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving a certain Moor or Open

Pasture called Hawdon Field, otherwise Brown Moor, in the Parish of Warden in the County of Northumberland. 53

5. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Third, for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appropriating the Commons, Waste Grounds and Mosses, within the Manor or Township of Egton with Newland, in the Parish of Ulverston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 09

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of North Burton, otherwise

Cherry Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York. 77

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Byton in the County of

Durham. 97

J U8;.!u IO 1^9800

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thame and Sydenham in

the County of Oxford. d Odt 16 mu, 125

9. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townships or Divisions of

Whitwell and Selside, Skelsmergh and Crook, in the Parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland. 149

10. An Act for settling and securing Parts and Portions of the Lands and

Barony of Invermay, in the County of Perth, to and in favour of Alexander Hepburn Belshes Esquire, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by certain Deeds of Entail made by Barbara Hepburn and others, and Sir Patrick Hepburn Murray, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained therein; and for vesting in lieu thereof the Barony and Estate of Blackcastle, in the', Counties of Haddington and Berwick, in the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple. I69

11. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Provost and Scholars

of the King's College of Blessed Mary and Saint Nicholas of Cambridge, and the Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars of the College or Hall commonly called Clare Hall, in the University of Cambridge. 181

12. An

(Private, printed) 4° GEO. IV. xxiii

12. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act.

of His late Majesty King George the Third, for inclosing and improving Beam Heath, in the Township of Alvaston, in the Parish of Nantwich, in the County Palatine of Chester. 1^9

13. An Act to enable the Reverend Richard Buck Clerk, and Margaret

his Wife, and the Survivor of them, to grant Leases of a Moiety of the Coal Mines within the Estates devised by the Will of John Hull deceased, in the County of Lancaster. 205

14. An Act for exchanging an Estate in the County of Wilts, whereof

John Biddulph Esquire and Augusta his Wife, and Philip Jones Esquire and Sarah his Wife, have joint Power of Disposition, for Estates in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, settled by the Will of Sarah Richards, in Trust for the same Parties and their Children. 217

15. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of an Estate in the Parish of

Stone in the County of Stafford (to which Ann Unett, an Infant, is entitled in Tail), for an Estate of greater Value, belonging to John Wilkes Unett, and Elizabeth his Wife, and Lettice Unett. 229

16. An Act for confirming certain Exchanges made by Sir George Thomas

Baronet, deceased, and George White Thomas Esquire, deceased, of Estates at Yapton, Walberton, Madehurst, Bilsham, and Climping, in the County of Sussex. 237

17. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Right Honourable

Henry Hall Viscount Gage, and the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Chichester, of Estates in the County of Sussex. 26l

18. An Act for enabling the President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and

Members of the Philanthropic Society to purchase from the Corporation and other Persons entitled thereto the Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, upon which they have erected a Chapel, Buildings, and other Works, and such other Land adjoining thereto as may be required for the Purposes of their Charity. 273

19. An Act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session to ta^e an Account of the Debts and Burdens affecting and that may be made to affect the entailed Estate of Wemyss, in the Counties of Fife and Perth; and to sell the said Estate, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient to discharge the said Debts and Burdens. 281

20. An Act for vesting in Trustees an Estate in the Parish of Chieveley in the County of Berks, devised in strict Settlement by the Will of William Capel Esquire, deceased, and afterwards contracted to be sold by him, in order to effectuate the Sale thereof agreeably to such Contract. 297

21. An Act for exchanging certain Parts of the Estates devised by the

Will of the late Sir William Guise Baronet, in strict Settlement, for certain other Estates in the County of Gloucester; and for vesting other Parts of the said Estates in Trustees, to be sold for paying off Incumbrances, and for other Purposes. 305

22. An Act for authorizing the Investment of Monies belonging to the

Infant Sons of Sir Samuel Romilly, deceased, in the Purchase of certain Parts of his Daughter’s Share of his Real Estate, to be conveyed to Trustees upon certain Trusts. 305

A TABLE of the STATUTES

23. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Conger ston, otherwise

Congeston, in the County of Leicester. 337

24. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas

Viscount Wentworth in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same to the Right Honourable Richard William Penn Earl Howe, and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, or One of them, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the said Will. 365

25. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of* the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Land and other Hereditaments belonging to Sidney Sussex College, in the University of Cambridge, in Trustees for Sale, with Powers to lease on Fines; and for applying the Purchase Monies, and Monies to arise from Fines, in manner therein mentioned. 385

26. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the late Sir William

Fast Baronet, deceased, and Tenants under the See of Canterbury, to join in Grants of Building and Repairing Leases with the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being, of Lands in Lambeth Marsh held under the said See. 393

27. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell certain Parts of the Dominium directum or Superiority of the Entailed Estate of Park in the County of Banff, presently belonging to Thomas Gordon Esquire of Park, and to apply the Price to be obtained for the same in the Payment of the Debts affecting the said Estate. 409

28. An Act for changing the Site of the Hospital at Sheffield in the County of York, founded by the Right Honourable Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury; and for the better Regulation of the Affairs of that Charity. 421

29. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Edward

Mynors Esquire, situate in the Counties of Stafford and Leicester, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. 449

(Private, not printed) 4° GEO. IV.

XXV

PRIVATE ACTS*

NOT PRINTED.

30. AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of BasloW Jl\. and Hamlets of Bubnell, Curbar, and Froggatt, all in the said

Manor of Baslow, and in the Parish of Bakewell in the County of Derby.

31. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Hoff and Hoff Row, and Drybeck, in the Manor of Drybeck, Hoff Row, and Netherhoff in the Parish of Saint Lawrence, Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland.

32. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Allardyce Esquire with Dorothy Allardyce his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

33. An Act for naturalizing Augustus Fredrick William Hoffmann.

34. An Act for confirming an Agreement between Sir John Pakington Baronet, and the Trustees of the Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Henry Coventry Esquire, deceased, for charitable Purposes.

35. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Abthorpe in the County of Northampton.

36. An Act for naturalizing Philip Frederick Tinne.

37. An Act for naturalizing Andreas Christian Boode, and his Two infant Children Phebe Boode and John Christian Boode.

38. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Henry Cunliffe Esquire with Louisa his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again.

39. An Act for naturalizing Henry Robert Ferguson.

40. An Act for naturalizing Francis Allegati.

41. An Act for rendering valid and effectual the Powers of Sale and Exchange, and for the Appointment of new Trustees, in the Settlements made of Estates belonging to Richard Benyon de Beauvoir Esquire, pursuant to the Will of Richard Benyon Esquire, his late Father, deceased.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

INDEX

TO THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

AND TO THE

PRIVATE ACTS printed by THE KING’S PRINTER,

4° GEO. IV.

[Index removed.]

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty* 1823.

GEORGII IV.

JBritanniarum Regis, QUARTO.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-first Day of April, Anno Domini 1820, in the Firsts Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Fourth, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith:

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Fourth Day of February 1823, being the FOURTH SESSION of the SEVENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 1.

An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Croydon in the County of Surrey.

[19th March 1823.]

WHEREAS there is within the Manor of the Rectory of Croydon otherwise Bermondsey, in the Parish of Croydon in the County of Surrey, a certain Piece or Parcel or certain Pieces or Parcels of Common or Commonable Land or Ground, called Parsons Mead, containing by Estimation Twenty-nine Acres or thereabouts; and also a certain Piece or Parcel of Common or Waste Land or Ground, called Broad Green, containing by Estimation Three Acres or thereabouts:

And whereas Alexander Caldcleugh Esquire is Lord of the Manor of the Rectory of Croydon otherwise Bermondsey aforesaid: And whereas the said Alexander Caldcleugh and Elizabeth Caldcleugh Widow, John Keely,

Giles Long, and several other Persons, are Proprietors of or interested in the said Common, Commonable, and Waste Lands and Grounds respectively: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for consoli- 41G. 3. C. 109. dating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An 2G.4-c. 23. Act to amend the Law respecting the inclosing of open Fields, Pastures, Moors,

Commons, and Waste Lands in England : And whereas the said Common,

[Private,'] % Commonable,

4

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.\.

Commonable, and Waste Lands and Grounds are in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to the several Persons entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein; but such Division and Inclosure cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Appointment of the same, That Martin Nockolds of Tring in the County of Hertford, lnC~ Gentleman, shall be and he is hereby appointed the sole Commissioner for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Common, Commonable, and Waste Lands and Grounds, and for carrying this Act and the said recited Acts into Execution, in such Manner as herein-after is mentioned, and subject to such Regulations as are herein-after contained, and for exercising and executing all and every the Powers and Authorities vested in him by this Act or the said recited Acts, under and subject to such Directions and Provisions as are herein contained; and also under and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Directions, and Provisions, contained in the said recited Acts, as are not altered, varied, or otherwise provided for in and by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said Martin Nockolds, or any Commissioner to be appointed as herein-after is mentioned, shall die, neglect, or refuse, or become incapable to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, at any Time or Times before the same shall be wholly or completely executed, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value (such Value to be ascertained by the Rate for the Relief of the Poor within the said Parish) of the Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Common, Commonable, and Waste Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or their known Agents or Attornies, who shall be present at a public Meeting to be held for that Purpose in the Parish of Croydon aforesaid, in pursuance of a Notice to be given by Writing, to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Croydon aforesaid, at least Ten Days before such Meeting, and to be signed by any Two or more of the Proprietors and Persons interested as aforesaid, by Writing under their Llands, to appoint a fit and proper Person (not interested in such Division and Inclosure), to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the Commissioner so for the Time being dying, neglecting, or refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and that every such Commissioner who shall be so appointed as aforesaid shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting into Execution this Act and the said recited Acts, as if he had been originally named and appointed a Commissioner in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall have Power and he is hereby authorized to appoint some fit and proper Person to be his Clerk, for assisting him in carrying this Act into Execution; and such Clerk from Time to Time to remove, and to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person to succeed him in such Office as to the said Commissioner shall seem meet.

Power to elect a new Commissioner.

Commissioner to appoint a Clerk.

5

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. I.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to the said Allowance Commissioner as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings, and no more, for each and every Day of his Attendance touching the Execution of this and the said recited Acts, and that no Commissioner shall require or be entitled to receive any Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, except the said Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings per Day; and that at all Meetings to Commis-be held in pursuance of this Act the said Commissioner shall pay his sioner» &c: own Expences; and that the said Proprietors their Attornies and Agents shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall attend the pences at said Commissioner at any of his Sittings or Attendances, to be held in Meetings, pursuance of this Act; and that the Surveyor or Surveyors and Clerk appointed and to be appointed by the said Commissioner shall receive such Recompence or Remuneration for their respective Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Acts as the said Commissioner shall think just and reasonable.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to cause public Notice to be given by Advertisement to be inserted in some Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated in the said County of Surrey, of the Time and Place of his first and every other Sitting or Attendance, for the Execution of this and the said recited Acts, at least Ten Days before every such Sitting or Attendance, (Sittings or Attendances by Adjournment only excepted); and that the said Commissioner shall and may adjourn the said Sittings or Attendances from Time to Time, as he shall see Occasion, without giving any public Notice of such Adjournment; and all the Sittings or Attendances of the said Commissioner shall be held at some convenient Place in the Said Parish of Croydon.

Notice of the Sittings of Commissioner to be given.

Adjournment of Meetings.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or How other requisite to be given by the said Commissioner, in pursuance of this or the Notices are said recited Acts, shall be given by Advertisement, to be inserted in some to 1)6 S*ven-Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated in the said County of Surrey.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference Commis-shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be sioner to interested in the said Common, Commonable or Waste Lands or Grounds settle if-hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, touching or concerning their ference8* respective Rights and Interests in or over the same, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to examine into, hear, and determine the same:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner p0Wer to shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, assess Costs. Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in pursuance of this

or the said recited Acts, see Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for him, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as [Private."] he

6 4° GEORGII IV.

he shall think reasonable to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination shall be made, to be paid by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Surplus (if any), on Demand, to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold, after deducting the Expences attending such Distress and Sale.

Parties may try their Rights by an Issue at Law.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division or Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioner, or any other Commissioner to be appointed by this Act, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be set out, divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, or any Objection or Objections to such Claim or Claims, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so dissatisfied, to proceed to cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate in whose Favour any such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioner shall have been notified in Writing to the Party or Parties against whom such Determination shall have been so made, or to his, her, or their known Agent or Attorney; and thereupon the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so dissatisfied, shall proceed to a Trial at Law at the next Assizes for the said County of Surrey after such Notice, or at the following Assizes to be held for the said County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the same); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whomsoever, unless the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict, and order a new Trial to be had therein (which it shall be lawful for the said Court to do); and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall have been obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or

disallow

7

4° GEORGII IV. 1.

disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that if no such Action at Law shall be commenced, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall not proceed to Trial within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpose, then the Determination of the said Commissioner shall be binding, final, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided also, that no Difference, Suit, or Proceeding as aforesaid, nor any Difference or Dispute touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall impede or delay the said Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; but the Division and Inclosure hereby directed to be made shall forthwith be proceeded in, notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit, or Proceeding, as far as Circumstances will admit.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the same, such Action or Actions shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if such Event had not happened; and if any Person or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination shall as aforesaid have been made, and against whom any Action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate who might have broughr such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the same within the Time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons, as if actually living; and to serve the said Commissioner or his Clerk with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall be thereupon incumbent upon the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead; and Proceedings shall be thereupon had in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living, and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioner to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such Parties, except in Cases of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years; but in case the said Commissioner shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, he shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Inclosures and Encroachments which at any Time within Twenty Years now last past have been made from and upon the said Common, Commonable, and Waste Lands and Grounds, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, shall be deemed Part thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly.

Determination of Commissioner not objected to to be final.

Actions may be proceeded in and

brought after the Deaths of the Parties.

Possessor not to be molested without due Course of Law.

Encroachments within TwentyYears to be deemed Part of the Lands to be inclosed.

8

Incroach-ments for Twenty Years and upwards not to be allotted.

Date of In-

croachments to be determined by Commissioner.

Power to stop up Roads.

55 G.3. c. 68.

Old Roads not to be stopped up till new Roads are made.

Commissionertomake Drains, &e.

4° GEORGII IV. I.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Inclosure or Encroachment which shall have been made from or upon the said Common, Commonable, and Waste Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, for Twenty Years or upwards antecedent to the passing of this Act, shall be thrown open, divided, allotted, or inclosed under the Provisions of this present A£t, or the Provisions of the said first recited Act; nor shall any such Inclosure or Encroachment as last aforesaid, nor the Houses, Cottages, Buildings, and other Erections thereupon, be considered as Part of the said Common, Commonable, and Waste Lands or Grounds; nor shall the Title or Titles derived under such Inclosure or Encroachment be disturbed by this Act, or any thing herein contained; but no Allotment shall be made under or by virtue of this Act for or in respect of any such Inclosure or Incroachment.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Dispute shall arise as to the Space of Time during which any such Inclosures or Incroachments shall have been made or subsisted, the same shall be examined into and determined by the said Commissioner.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and may stop up, discontinue, divert, change, or alter any of the old or accustomed Footpaths, Horsepaths, private Drift, or public Highways or Roads, passing or leading over, through, or between any ancient inclosed Lands in the said Manor (if he shall be of Opinion that the doing so is proper), by and with the Concurrence and Order of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which the same shall be situate, in manner and subject to such Appeal as is given by the said first recited Act, and subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions mentioned and contained in an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways, in so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a public Highway; and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the stopping up of unnecessary Roads.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That none of the present Roads in, over, and upon the said Common, Commonable, or Waste Lands or Grounds, shall be shut up or discontinued until the new Roads which the said Commissioner shall set out and cause to be made, pursuant to this and the said first recited Act, shall have been properly formed and made safe and convenient for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages; any thing in the said first recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That for the better draining and improving the said Common, Commonable, and Waste Lands and Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, the said Commissioner shall and may set out and appoint such Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Banks, and Bridges to be made in, through, over, and upon the said Lands and Grounds, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner be necessary and proper; and the said Commissioner also shall and may, for the Purposes aforesaid, direct such Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Banks, and Bridges to be made in, through, over, and upon any of the inclosed Lands within the said Parish of Croydon, adjoining or lying adjacent to

the

9

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. l.

the said Common, Commonable, and Waste Lands and Grounds, as he shall think proper, so that the same be made with the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors for the Time being seised of or entitled in Possession to such inclosed Lands, or to the actual Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, for an Estate of Freehold of Inheritance, or of the Guardians, Husbands, Committees, Trustees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Owners or Proprietors who shall be then Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, and so that the said Commissioner do make such Compensation or Satisfaction to all and every the Person or Persons who may sustain any Damage thereby as he shall deem reasonable; and the said Commissioner shall and may and he is hereby required and directed in and by his Award, to order and determine by whom, and at whose Expence, and at what Time, and in what Manner the said Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Banks, and Bridges shall be made, and afterwards cleansed, scoured, repaired, and maintained : Provided always, that no Watercourse, Brook, or Stream shall be diverted or turned without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners for the Time being of the Lands from which such Watercourse, Brook, or Stream shall be diverted, and into which the same shall be turned, such Owners respectively being seised of or entitled in Possession to the said Lands, or to the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, for an Estate of Freehold or Inheritance, or without the Consent of the Guardians, Husbands, Committees, Trustees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Owners who shall be then Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized at any Time or Times after he hath made his Allotments, and before the Execution of his said Award, by Notice in Writing under his Hand, to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Croydon aforesaid, to order or direct all or any of the Rights of Common, or other Rights, in, over, or upon the said Common, Commonable, and Waste Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing; and that all such Rights as the said Commissioner shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, from the Time of affixing such Writing on the Church Door of the said Parish, cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished, or the Exercise thereof be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, in the first Place, allot, set out, and award, unto and for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for the Time being of the Manor of the Rectory of Croydon otherwise Bermondsey aforesaid, for and in lieu of his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest in and to the Soil of the said Common, Commonable, or Waste Lands or Grounds, so much and such Parts of the said Lands and Grounds, (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) as in the Judgment of the said Commissioner shall be a just Equivalent for the same.

[Private.] c XX. And

Commissioner may suspend or extinguish Rights of Common.

Allotment to the Lord of the Manor.

10

Allotments of the Residue.

Meeting for Objections to Allotments.

Separate Allotments for separate Titles.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 1.

XX. And be it further enacted, That after such Allotment shall have been made as aforesaid, the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required to set out, allot, apportion, and divide all the Residue and remaining Parts of the said Common, Commonable, and Waste Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst all and every the Persons and Person, Bodies and Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested therein, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions as by the said Commissioner shall be adjudged and determined to be a fair, just, and reasonable Compensation and Satisfaction for their several and respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioner shall have ascertained the respective Estates, Rights, and Interests of the said Owners or Proprietors, in the said Common, Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and also the respective Quantities, Shares, and Proportions by him proposed to be allotted to such Owners or Proprietors respectively in lieu thereof, the said Commissioner shall hold a Meeting, of which Eight Days previous Notice shall be given at some convenient Time and Place, when and where the said Owners or Proprietors may inspect a Map and Schedule of such intended Allotments; and if any of the said Owners or Proprietors shall upon such Inspection be dissatisfied with any of the proposed Allotments, the said Commissioner shall at such Time and Place as last aforesaid, or at some other Time and Place to be appointed by him for that Purpose, receive Statements in Writing of the Complaints and Objections of any Owner or Proprietor, or Owners or Proprietors, against any of such Allotments, and shall forthwith, or as soon after as conveniently may be, determine the same, and such Determination being reduced into Writing and signed by him, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties interested in any such Allotment or Allotments.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That where the Owner or Proprietor, or Owners or Proprietors of any of the said Common, Commonable, and Waste Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, shall hold his, her, or their respective Estates under various Titles, the said Commissioner shall, upon the Request of such respective Owners or Proprietors in Writing under their Hands, set out and distinguish in his said Award distinct and several Allotments for the Lands or other Hereditaments held under each Title; and where, from the Want of the necessary Information before the said Commissioner, or from any other Cause, his Award shall omit to make such Distinction as aforesaid in regard to different Titles, at any Time within Twelve Calendar Months next after making the said Award, Request shall be made to the said Commissioner, by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omission supplied by a separate Instrument, then and in every such Case the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and required to do every thing necessary for supplying such Omission, and so far as that Purpose shall require, to examine Witnesses, and in every other respect to proceed and act as if the Award had not been made $ and when he shall have obtained what he shall think sufficient Information, he is hereby also authorized and required, by any Instrument

under

11

4° GEORGII IV.

under his Hand and Seal, to ascertain and distinguish the various Titles, and accordingly to make distinct and several Allotments in the same Manner as is hereby required where such Distinction shall be made in the said Award; and every such separate Instrument, after having been duly executed by the said Commissioner, shall have the same Effect as if it were contained in the said Award, and shall be delivered to the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premises in Question shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioner, most properly belong for the Time being; and all Expences which shall be reasonably incurred in or about any such supplemental Instrument as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Person or Persons who shall have so requested the said Commissioner as aforesaid, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place, as the said Commissioner shall by Writing under his Hand appoint; and in case such Expences shall not be paid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby required, to raise and levy the same by such Ways and Means as any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by the said first recited Act can or may be raised and levied.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments by virtue of this Act, by any Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing, to mortgage, sell, dispose of, convey and assure the same, for all or any Part of his, her, or their Estate or Interest therein, or Right thereto, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner; and every such Mortgage, Sale, Disposition, Conveyance, and Assurance shall be of the same Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the said Award; and also, that it shall and may be lawful for any of the Owners or Proprietors of any Common Right upon the Common and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by any Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing, to mortgage, sell, dispose of, convey, and assure the same, or the Allotment or Allotments to be made and set out in respect thereof by virtue of this Act, separate and distinct from the Estate in right of which he or she is entitled to the same, in such Manner as he or she might have done at any Time after the Execution of the said Award.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to revoke, make void, impeach, annul, or alter any Conveyance, Settlement, Will, Mortgage, Charge, or other Deed or Deeds, or Instrument or Instruments whatsoever, relating to or affecting any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be allotted in pursuance of this Act, but that the several Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments which shall be so allotted, shall, immediately after the making of such Allotments, be, remain and enure to such and the same Persons, for such and the same Estates and Interests, and to such and the same Uses, and for such and the same Intents and Purposes, and with and subject to such and the same Powers and Authorities, Provisoes, Limitations, Conditions, Covenants, Agreements, Wills, Settlements, Trusts, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the Messuages, Lands, or other Hereditaments, in respect or in lieu whereof such Allotments shall be made were and stood limited and settled, or subject or liable unto at the Time of making such Allotments, or would have respectively remained limited,

settled,

Proprietor! may before Award sell their Common Rights.

Allotments to be held under the same Titles as the Lands in respect of which such Allotments shall be made.

12

4° GEORGII IV. 1.

settled, or subject and liable unto, if such Allotments had not been made.

Manner in

XXV. And whereas under or by virtue of a certain Act of Parliament,

which the passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George

Expences of the Third, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal the Inclosure from or from near the Town of Croydon in the County of Surrey, into the shall be Grand Surrey Canal in the Parish c/'Saint Paul, Deptford, in the County raised and of Surrey; and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dul-

patd. wich, and the District called Norwood in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal, the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal, in the Month of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, took and used for the Purpose of making a Railway thereon a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, containing One Acre, Part of the said Common or Commonable Land called Parsons Mead; and the Sum of Three hundred and seventy Pounds, being the Sum fixed by the Commissioners appointed by the said Act to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors for the Purchase of the said Piece or Parcel of Land, and for the Damages which should or might be sustained by the several Persons being Owners of or interested in the said Land, by the Means aforesaid, was paid by the said Company of Proprietors into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in the Manner directed by the said Act: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors, in the Month of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, took and used, for the Purpose of making an Addition to the Railway herein-before mentioned, a certain other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing Thirty Perches, other Part of the said Common or Commonable Land called Parsons Mead; and the Sum of Seventy Pounds, being the Sum fixed by the Commissioners appointed by the said Act to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors for the Purchase of the said last-mentioned Piece or Parcel of Land, and for the Damages which should or might be sustained by the several Persons being Owners of or interested in the said Land or Ground by the means aforesaid, was paid by the said Company of Proprietors into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in the Manner directed by the said Act: Now it is hereby further enacted, That the said Two several Sums of Three hundred and seventy Pounds, and Seventy Pounds, and the Funds or Securities in or upon which the same have been or shall be placed, and all Interest, Dividends, or yearly Produce which have been or shall be made thereof, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioner, and he shall receive the same, and pay and apply the same (or so much thereof as he shall find requisite), in or towards defraying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the same and the said recited Acts into Execution; and in case the said Sums, Funds, or Securities, Interest, Dividends, or Produce shall not prove sufficient for fully defraying the said Charges and Expences, then the said Commissioner shall and may raise so much more Money as shall be requisite for that Purpose, by Sale of such Part or Parts of the said Common, Commonable, and Waste Lands and Grounds, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as the said Commissioner shall in his Judgment think proper.

io

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. l.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Sales to be made by the said Commissioner in pursuance of this Act shall be made in the same Manner as Sales of Land for the Payment and Discharge of Expences attending Acts of Inclosure are by the said first recited Act directed to be made, and the Receipts of the said Commissioner for the Monies to arise from such Sale or Sales shall be a sufficient Discharge or Discharges to the Person or Persons paying the same; and such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall not be liable or obliged to see to the Application of such Monies, or be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof respectively; and the Lands which shall be respectively sold by virtue of this Act shall, on Payment to the said Commissioner of the full Purchase Money for the same respectively, be appointed and conveyed by the said Commissioner, by any Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing, to be by him sealed and delivered in the Presence of, and attested by One or more creditable Witness or Witnesses, to or in Trust for the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, or to such Uses and in such Manner as such Purchaser or Purchasers shall direct or require *, and all the Lands which shall be so respectively appointed and conveyed shall, immediately after the Appointment and Conveyance thereof respectively, be held in Fee Simple, and be absolutely discharged of and from all Right of Common and other Rights and Interests in, upon, and to the same respectively, and be subject and liable to such Orders, Directions, and Restrictions with respect to fencing, ditching, and inclosing the same, and with such Orders or Directions and Restrictions as shall be laid down and appointed in respect thereof, by the said Commissioner in and by his said Award, or by any Writing under his Hand.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Part of the said Sums so paid into the Bank of England by the said Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal as aforesaid, or the Funds or Securities in or upon which the same have been or shall be placed, and the Interest, Dividends, or Produce thereof, shall remain, after defraying all such Charges and Expences as aforesaid; or if any surplus Money arising from such Sale of Land as aforesaid shall remain in the Hands of the said Commissioner, then all such remaining or surplus Monies shall be by him paid and divided to and among the several Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure, in proportion to their respective Rights and Interests in the Land intended to be divided and inclosed; the Shares of such of the said Persons as shall be seised of the Allotments in Fee Simple to be paid to them, and the Shares of other Persons to be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioner in the manner prescribed in the said first recited Act with respect to Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Timber or Wood growing thereon (and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses); and the Receipts of the several Persons who shall be then in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the Rights or Interests in the Land to be divided and inclosed, or the Receipts of the Trustees, Guardians, or Agents of such several Persons, shall be good Discharges to the said Commissioner for the same.

13

Manner in which Sales are to be made by the Commissioner.

Disposition of the Surplus.

d

14

Persons advancing Money to be repaid with Interest.

Award to be made.

Accounts of Commissioner to be audited by a Justice of the Peace.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 1.

XXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money towards defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and carrying the same and the said recited Acts into Execution, such Person or Persons shall be repaid the same out of the Monies which shall be raised and received in pursuance of this Act, together with Interest for the same, after the Rate of Five Pounds for every Hundred, by the Year, from the Time or respective Times of advancing or lending the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, under the Authority of this and the said first recited Act, together with a proper Map or Plan of the said Common, Commonable, and Waste Lands and Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, thereto annexed, shall within Twelve Calendar Months after the Execution thereof, or so soon after as conveniently may be, be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, or his Deputy, who is hereby required to deposit and keep the same among the Records of the said County, so that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the said Premises, for the Reception whereof the Sum of Three Pounds shall be paid; and for the Inspection and Perusal whereof the Sum of One Shilling and no more shall be paid; and the said Award shall, from and after the Delivery thereof to the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, be deemed and taken to be enrolled, according to the Directions and within the Meaning of the said first recited Act; and a Copy of the said Award, and of the Map or Plan annexed thereto, written and drawn on Parchment, and examined and attested by the said Commissioner to be a true Copy of the same respectively, shall, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the signing of the said Award, be deposited in the Parish Church of Croydon aforesaid, for the Inspection of the several Persons interested therein, and be kept in a Box to be provided for that Purpose; and the said Award and the said Copy thereof, or any other Copy of the said Award, or of any Part or Parts thereof, attested by the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy (for every Sheet of which Copy containing Seventy-two Words Two-pence and no more shall be paid), shall from Time to Time, and all Times thereafter, be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained in all Courts whatever.

% A. a . 01 m |‘.< iftr/r 1 ' ‘....

XXX. And be it further enacted, That Once at least in every Year, during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing of this Act), the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to make a just and true Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by him received and expended in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement and Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by him laid before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey (not interested in the Inclosure), to be by him examined and balanced, and such Balance shall by such Justice be stated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioner; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Jusdce.

4

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 1. 15

XXXI. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Appeal to Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think himself, her- g. er self, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done or omitted to be done in pursuance of this Act or the said first recited Act, (other than and except

as to such Claims, Matters, and Things as are by this Act or the said first recited Act directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury; or where by any of the Provisions of this Act, or the said first recited Act, the Determinations, Orders,

Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioner are declared or directed to be final and conclusive), then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be holden for the said County of Surrey, within Five Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the Commissioner and to the Party or Parties concerned Thirty-one Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) at the said General Quarter Sessions, or at any subsequent General Quarter Sessions to which the said Justices shall adjourn any such Appeal, either for the Want of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, or for any other Cause which to the said Justices shall seem a sufficient Cause to adjourn such Appeal, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Cause or Matter of such Complaint, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs and Damages as they may think reasonable •, and by their Order or Warrant to direct such Costs and Damages to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without sufficient Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to the said Justices shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in manner aforesaid.

XXXII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Saving. Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors,

Executors, and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest,

(other than and except such as are meant and intended to be hereby barred and destroyed) as they, every, or any of them, could or might

have had, held, and enjoyed, of, in, to, or in respect of the Common, Commonable, and Waste Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, in case this Act had not been passed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by Evidence the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized Clause, to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges,

Justices and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

If 1

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 2.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Molyneuw Seel Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of a more convenient and compact Estate, to be settled to the same Uses.

[2d May 1823.]

WHEREAS Thomas Seel, late of Liverpool in the County of will of

Lancaster, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament Thomas Seel in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Thirtieth Day of Esq. dated May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and one, and ay

duly executed and attested so as to pass Real Estates, gave, devised, and appointed all the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Township of Huyton in the said County of Lancaster and in Knows ley in the said County, which he the said Testator had purchased; the Tithes of Huyton, which he the said Testator had purchased from Lord Sefton\ all the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments in Woolf all in the said County, which he the said Testator had also purchased; all his Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents and Hereditaments in West Derby in the said County, which he the said Testator had purchased, and in which he particularly meant to comprize the Fee Farm, Quit and other Rents payable from his late Wife’s settled Estates, it not having been his Intention, when he purchased the same, to exonerate those Estates so as to merge or otherwise destroy such Rents, but to keep the same as his own Right and Inheritance separate from such Estates, and all other his the said Testator’s Messuages, Lands,

[Private.] e Tenements,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 2.

Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments whatsoever, as well Freehold as Copyhold, whereof he was seised in Possession or Reversion, or over which he had any Power of Disposition, and every Part thereof, with the Appurtenances, unto Samuel Fazakerly, then of Fazakerly in the said County of Lancaster, Esquire, Robert Blundell, then of Liverpool aforesaid, Esquire, and John Webster, then of Croxieth in the same County, Esquire, all since dead, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, to the Uses and upon the Trusts therein-after declared and herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), in Trust to receive the Rents and Profits thereof, during the Life of his the said Testator’s Daughter Margaret Seel (since deceased), and to pay and apply the same from Time to Time as the same should be received, after all necessary Deductions for reasonable Repairs, for her sole and separate Use, free from the Power or Controul of any Husband with whom she might marry, and her Receipt alone to be a good Discharge for the same; and from and after the Death of his (the Testator’s) Daughter Margaret, to the Use of his Grandson, Thomas Unsworth, the eldest Son of his (the said Testator’s) Daughter Frances, and his Assigns, for and during the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of or for any Manner of Waste (other than the falling of Timber except for Repairs) and the suffering the Buildings to go into Decay for want of Repair; with Remainder from and after the Forfeiture or other Determination of that Estate by any Means in his Life-time, to the Use of the said Samuel Fazakerly, Robert Blundell, and John Webster, and their Heirs, during the Life of his said Grandson Thomas, upon Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders, therein-after limited, from being defeated or destroyed, and for that Purpose to make Entries and bring Actions as Occasion might require, but nevertheless in Trust to permit his said Grandson Thomas to receive and take the Rents, Issues and Profits thereof for and during the Term of his natural Life; with Remainder, from and after his Death, to the Use of the First Son of the Body of his (the said Testator’s) Grandson Thomas, in Tail Male; and for default of such Issue, to the Use of the Second Son of the Body of his the said Testator’s Grandson Thomas, in Tail Male; and for default of such Issue, to the Use of the Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, and all and every other Son and Sons of the Body of his (the said Testator’s) Grandson Thomas, severally and successively in Tail Male; and for default of such Issue, to the Use of his Grandson William Unsworth, Second Son of his (the said Testator’s) Daughter Frances, and his Assigns, for and during the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of or for any Manner of Waste (other than as aforesaid); with Remainder from and after the Forfeiture or other Determination of that Estate by any Means in his Life-time, to the Use of the said Samuel Fazakerly, Robert Blundell, and John Webster, and their Heirs, during the Life of his said Grandson William, upon Trust, by the Means aforesaid, to support the contingent Uses and Remainders thereinafter limited, from being defeated or destroyed, but nevertheless to permit his said Grandson William, and his Assigns, to receive and take the Rents, Issues and Profits thereof for and during the Term of his natural Life; with Remainder, from and after his Death, to the Use of the First Son of the Body of his said Grandson William, in Tail Male; and for default of such Issue, to the Use of the Second Son of the Body of his said Grandson William, in Tail Male; and for default of such Issue, to the Use of the Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, and all and

6 every

4° GEORGII IV. 2.

every other the Son and Sons of the Body of his said Grandson William, severally and successively in Tail Male; and for default of such Issue, to the Use of his Grandson Richard Unsworth, Third Son of his said Daughter Frances, and his Assigns, for and during the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of or for any Manner of Waste (other than as aforesaid); with Remainder from and after the Forfeiture or other Determination of that Estate by any Means in his Lifetime, to the Use of the said Samuel Fazakerly, Robert Blundell, and John Webster, and their Heirs, during the Lifetime of his said Grandson Richard, upon Trust, by the Means aforesaid, to support the contingent Uses and Remainders therein-after limited from being defeated or destroyed, but nevertheless to permit his said Grandson Richard, and his Assigns, to receive and take the Rents, Issues and Profits thereof for and during the Term of his natural Life; with Remainder, from and after his Death, to the Use of the First Son of the Body of his said Grandson Richard, in Tail Male; and for default of such Issue, to the Use of the Second Son of the Body of his said Grandson Richardin Tail Male; and for default of such Issue, to the Use of the Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, and all and every other Son and Sons of the Body of his said Grandson Richard, severally and successively in Tail Male; and for default of such Issue, to the Use of any after-born Son of his the said Testator’s said Daughter Frances, in Tail Male; and for default of such Issue, to the First Son of the Body of his (the said Testator’s) said Daughter Margaret, in Tail Male; and for default of such Issue to the Second Son of the Body of his said Daughter Margaret, in Tail Male; and for default of such Issue, to the Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, and every other Son and Sons of the Body of his said Daughter Margaret, severally and successively in Tail Male; and for default of such Issue, to Frances, the oldest Daughter of the said Testator’s said Daughter Frances, and her Assigns, for Life, with Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs, during the Life of such oldest Daughter, in Trust, by the Means aforesaid, to support the contingent Uses and Remainders therein-after limited from being defeated or destroyed, but in Trust to permit such oldest Daughter of the said Testator’s said Daughter Frances to receive the Rents and Profits during her Life, with Remainder after her Decease, in Trust for her First and other Sons, in Tail Male; with Remainder in like Manner to the next Daughter of his the said Testator’s said Daughter Frances for Life; with Remainder to the said Trustees, in like Manner to protect and to permit such Daughter to receive the Rents and Profits for Life; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of such next Daughter, in Tail Male, and so on to every succeeding Daughter of his (the said Testator’s) Daughter Frances, for Life, and to the Trustees to protect, but to permit her to receive the Rents and Profits for Life; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of such next and every succeeding Daughter successively in Tail Male; and for default of such Issue, to the First and other Daughters of his the said Testator’s said Daughter Margaret successively in Tail Male; and for default of such Issue, to the Use and Behoof of the Testator’s said Two Daughters, Frances and Margaret, as Tenants in Common, their respective Heirs and Assigns, for ever: And the said Testator did in and by his said Will declare, that all the foregoing Devises and Limitations, for the Benefit of his said Grandsons and their respective Issue, and of the Daughters of his said Daughters Frances and Margaret respectively, and

their

20

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 2.

their respective Issue, were, upon the express Condition that such Issue, Male and Female, as and when they should severally come into the Possession of his said Real Estates, or any of them, or be entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof, should drop their own respective Sirnames, and assume and use the Sirname of " Molyneux Seel," and the Arms of Molyneux, of the Family of the said Testator’s late Wife, and the Arms of "Seel," of his the Testator’s own Family; and in case any of them so coming into Possession should refuse or neglect to drop their respective Sirnames and assume the Sirname of Molyneux Seel, and such Arms as aforesaid, then the said Estates thereby devised to go and remain to the Person or Persons who by virtue of the Limitations aforesaid would be next entitled, in case such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting was or were actually dead; and in the said Will was contained a Power for the said Trustees, during the Life of the Testator’s said Daughter Margaret, and after her Death during the Minority of any Person entitled to a Life Estate or Life Interest under the said Will, to grant Leases of the said Estates, or any Part thereof, for any Term not exceeding Eight Years, at a Rack Rent, and under the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned; and also a Power for the Testator’s said Grandson Thomas, and every other Tenant for Life when respectively in Possession, to charge the said Estates with any Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds per Annum, as and for a Jointure to any Woman with whom he or they might intermarry: And whereas the said Thomas Seel departed this Life on or about the Twenty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, without having revoked or altered his said Will, leaving his said Daughters Frances and Margaret him surviving; and upon his Decease his said Daughter Margaret entered into the Possession of all the said Estates and Hereditaments devised by the said Will, and received the Rents and Profits during her Life: And whereas the said Margaret Seel, the Daughter of the said Testator, departed this Life on or about the Twenty-seventh Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, without having ever been married, leaving her Sister the said Frances Unsworth, the Mother, her Heiress at Law, her surviving: And whereas upon the Death of the said Margaret Seel, the said Testator’s Grandson Thomas Unsworth, now called or known by the Name of Thomas Molyneux Seel, entered into Possession of the Whole of the said Estates (devised by the said Will of the said Thomas Seel, his Grandfather) as Tenant for Life thereof, by virtue of the Limitations therein contained, and still continues in Possession thereof: And whereas the said Thomas Molyneux Seel hath obtained His Majesty's Licence and Permission under His Sign Manual to drop his own Sirname, and assume and use the Sirname of " Molyneux Seel," and the Arms of " Molyneux," of the Family of the said Testator’s late Wife, and the Arms of " Seel," of the Testator’s own Family, in compliance with the Direction in the said recited Will for that Purpose contained: And whereas the said Thomas Molyneux Seel is now a Bachelor, and has never been married: And whereas the said Frances Unsworth, the Testator’s Daughter, intermarried with Thomas Unsworth, on or about the Twenty-fifth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and hath Issue by her said Husband Four Children only, namely, the said Thomas Molyneux Seel, William Gillibrand Unsworth (in the said Will called William Unsworth only), Richard Blundell Unsworth (in the said Will called RichardUnsworth only), and Frances Seel Smale, who, on or about the Sixteenth Day of

January

21

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 2.

January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, intermarried with John Smale of Liverpool aforesaid, Doctor of Medicine, formerly Frances Seel Unsworth Spinster, (in the said Will called Frances Umworih only), but hath no Issue: And whereas the said Thomas Unsworth departed this Life on or about the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen : And whereas the said William Gillibrand Unsworth has attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, and is now a Bachelor, and has never been married: And whereas the said Richard Blundell Unsworth has also attained his Age of Twenty-one Years, and is now also a Bachelor, and has never been married: And whereas the said several Estates devised by the said recited Will are lying dispersed and scattered about, remote and distant from each other, and lie intermixed with other Freehold Estates of the said Thomas Molyneux Seel of great Value, of which he is possessed in Fee Simple, and which he is desirous to dispose of, and being in the Vicinity of the Town of Liverpool, it is conceived that they may be sold to great Advantage, in Lots or otherwise, to Merchants and other Persons connected with Trade in the said Town; and it would be very much for the Benefit of the said Thomas Molyneux Seel9 William Gillibrand Unsworth, Richard Blundell Unsworth, John Smale and Frances his Wife, and their respective Issue (if any), and also of the said Frances Unsworth and her Heirs, and all other Persons who are or may be interested in the said Estates under and by virtue of the said recited Will of the said Thomas Seel deceased, if the said Estates were vested in Trustees to be sold, and the Money arising from such Sale laid out under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of one or more large and compact Estate or Estates, such Estate or Estates to be settled in lieu of the said Estates so to be sold, and to the like Uses: But, inasmuch as by reason of the Limitations contained in the said recited Will of the said Thomas Seel deceased, such Sale and Purchase as aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Thomas Molyneux Seel, William Gillibrand Unsworth, Richard Blundell Unsworth, Frances Seel Smale, and John Smale, and Frances Unsworth, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act all and singular the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Tithes and Rents, Seats or Pews whatsoever, situate, lying, being, accruing, growing due, or arising in or within the said Townships of Huyton and Knowsley, Woolfall and West Derby, in the said County of Lancaster, late of or belonging to the said Thomas Seel deceased, and so devised by his said Will as aforesaid, which are more particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, together with their respective Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and all Timber and other Trees now standing or growing thereupon, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, yearly and other Rents, Issues and Profits of all and singular the said Premises, and of every Part and Parcel thereof, shall be vested in and settled upon, and the same are hereby vested in and settled upon John Wright of Henrietta Street, Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and John Gage of Lincoln's Inn, in the same County, Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and abso-[Private.] j* lutely

Estates vested in Trustees to be sold.

Trustee!.

22

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 2.

lutely acquitted, exempted, exonerated, and discharged of, from, and against all and every the Uses, Estates, Entails, Remainders, Limitations, Charges, Annuities, Rights, Trusts, Terms of Years, Povvers, Provisoes, Agreements, Declarations and Incumbrances whatsoever, in and by or by virtue and means of the said recited Will of the said Thomas Seel deceased created, limited, charged, expressed, declared, and made of and concerning the same several Hereditaments and Premises, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively (save and except any Leases or Agreements for Leases to or with the Tenants or Occupiers of the said Hereditaments, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, already made pursuant to the Power in that Behalf contained in the said recited Will), but nevertheless upon the Trusts, and to and for the Ends, Intents and Purposes herein-after expressed and declared of and concerning the same, that is to say, upon Trust that they the said John Wright and John Gage, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, with the Consent in Writing of the said Thomas Molyneux Seel, during his Life, and after his Decease, then by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Person or Persons who for the Time being would be entitled in Possession under or by virtue of the Limitations in the said recited Will contained, or any of them, to the Rents and Profits of the Premises so hereby settled and vested as aforesaid, in case this Act had not been made; and in case such Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, then by and with the Consent of the Guardian or Guardians of such Infant or Infants, absolutely sell and dispose of the said several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, and other Hereditaments and Premises so hereby vested in them the said John Wright and John Gage as aforesaid, and in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, described, or mentioned, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, either together or in different Lots or Parcels, and either by Public Sale or Private Contract, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, for the most Money, or for the best Price or Prices that can be reasonably had or gotten for the same; and upon Payment of the Money arising from the said respective Sales, in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, do and shall convey and assure the Hereditaments and Premises so respectively sold, with the Appurtenances, unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, and his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, or to or for such other Uses, Intents, and Purposes as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint in that Behalf, freed, acquitted, exempted, exonerated, and discharged, as aforesaid.

Purchase Monies to be paid into die Bank of England, in the Name of the Accountant General.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise from the respective Sales to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid, by the Person or Persons to whom such respective Sales shall be made, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his, her, or their Account there, " ex parte the Purchasers " of the Settled Estates of Thomas Molyneux Seel," pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-four; and as soon

10

at

23

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 2.,-

as conveniently may be after such respective Sums of Money shall have been paid into the Bank as aforesaid, the same (after deducting such Costs,

Charges, and Expences as herein-after mentioned) shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, by the said Thomas Molyneux Seel, during his Life, and after his Decease, by the Person or Persons who, under or by virtue of the said recited Will of the said Thomas Seel deceased, would for the Time being (if this Act had not been made) be beneficially entitled in Possession as aforesaid, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age, but if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian or respective Guardians, during his, her, or their Minority or respective Minorities, be laid out and invested under the Direction of the said Court in the Purchase of such Freehold or Copyhold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereof not more than One-sixth shall be Copyhold, to be situate as nearly contiguous and adjacent to one another as may be, and so as to form one or more large and compact Estate or Estates, as shall be approved of by the said Court; and from and immediately after the making of such Purchase or Purchases, the Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and other Hereditaments so to be purchased, shall be respectively conveyed, surrendered, settled, and assured to, upon, and for the Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the respective Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Declarations and Agreements, to, upon, and for, with, under and subject to which the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, and other Hereditaments which shall have been sold and disposed of under or by virtue of the Powers contained in this Act, were and stood at the Time of such respective Sales respectively limited, settled, and assured under or by virtue of the said recited Will of the said Thomas Seel deceased, or to, upon, or for, with, under, and subject to such and so many of those Uses, Trusts,

Intents and Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Declarations, and Agreements, as shall be then subsisting, undetermined, or capable of taking Effect, or as near and conformable thereto as may be and Circumstances will then permit.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money which Investing the shall be paid into the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, Money in in manner herein-before directed, or so much thereof as shall not be . directed by the said Court of Chancery, to be applied in the Payment of ecurltle9* the Costs and Expences, according to the Direction herein-after contained, shall in the meantime, and until the same shall be invested in the Purchase of Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforesaid, be from Time to Time laid out under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling, Transport or Exr chequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the Purchase of such Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the same, should they or any of them be paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills; provided that it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to make such General or Special Order or Orders (if necessary) that whensoever the Exchequer Bills of the Date of those in the Hands of the said Accountant General shall be in the Course of Payment by Government, and new Exchequer Bills shall be issued, such new Exchequer

Bilb

24

Certificates and Receipts to be good Discharges.

Court of Chancery to make an Order for taxing Costs,

4° GEORGII IV.

Bills may be received in exchange for those which are so in course of Payment, as shall be effectual for enabling such Receipt in exchange; and that in that Event the Interest of the old Bills shall be laid out as before directed with respect to the Interest when the said Bills are paid off; and all the said Bills shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until proper Purchases shall be found and approved as herein-before directed, and until the same shall, upon Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way by the said Thomas Molyneux Seel, or the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be beneficially entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid, or if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, be ordered to be sold by the Accountant General for completing such Purchase or Purchases, in such Manner as the said Court shall think just and direct; and if the Money arising by the Sale of such Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills, shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money when laid out, then and in such Case, and only in such Case, the Surplus which shall remain shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments directed to be purchased, in case the same had actually been purchased in pursuance of this Act, or the Representative of such Person or Persons, as Part of his, her, or their Personal Estate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of one of the Cashiers of the Bank of England to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England by the Person or Persons becoming the Purchaser or Purchasers of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, and other Hereditaments and Premises hereby authorized to be sold, or any Part or Parts thereof, of his, her, or their Purchase Money or respective Purchase Monies, or any Part thereof, shall from Time to Time and at all Times be a good and sufficient Discharge and good and sufficient Discharges to such Person or Persons, and to his, her, and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the said Purchase Money, or so much thereof for which such Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, shall be respectively so given; and after filing such Certificates and Receipts as aforesaid, such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall be and is and are hereby absolutely and for ever freed, acquitted, and discharged of and from the said respective Purchase Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication or Non-application of such respective Purchase Monies, or any Part thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, and the said Court is hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time to make such an Order as the said Court shall think fit, for taxing or settling all Costs, Charges, and Expences which have been or shall be incurred in preparing or passing this Act, and in making the several Applications to the said Court in pursuance thereof, and in making and completing the respective Sales of the said several Hereditaments hereby made saleable, and investing all or any of the

25

4° GEORGII IV.

the Monies which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England\ in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise in carrying the Trusts and Purposes of this Act into complete Execution; and also from Time to Time to make such Order as the said Court shall think fit, for Payment of such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid out of the Monies which shall arise from the said respective Sales under this Act, and which shall be so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Money arising from the Sale of the Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills to be purchased as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery from Time to Time to make such further Order or Orders as the said Court shall think fit.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in the meantime and until such Rents and respective Sales shall be made as aforesaid of the Hereditaments and Prj>fits dll Premises hereby authorized to be sold and comprized in the Schedule Completed hereunto annexed, they the said John Wright and John Gage, or the Sur- to ^received vivor of them, or the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, shall permit and by Thomas suffer the Rents and Profits thereof to be had, received, and taken by the Molyneux said Thomas Molyneux Seel, or by such Person or Persons as would respec- ee ' tively have been entitled thereto, and ought to have received the same, in

case this Act had not been made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Appointment John Wright and John Gage, or either of them, or any Trustee or Trustees of newTrus-who shall be appointed in ttie Room or Stead of them, or either of them, tees 011 tlle as herein-after mentioned, or their or any of their Heirs or Assigns, shall

die or be desirous to be discharged from, or shall refuse or decline, or be- Trustees, come incapable to act in the Trusts and Powers hereby created, or shall go to reside out of Great Britain before the said Trusts shall be fully performed and executed, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, on a Petition to be preferred by the said Thomas Molyneux Seely or by the Person or Persons who for the Time being, under or by virtue of the Limitations in the said recited Will, or any of them, shall be beneficially entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments hereby respectively made saleable as aforesaid, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age; but if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian or respective Guardians during his, her, or their Minority or respective Minorities, to appoint any Person or Persons named by the said Court to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Room or Stead of the Trustee or Trustees so dying, or desiring to be discharged, or refusing or declining or becoming incapable to act, or going to reside out of Great Britain as aforesaid; and thereupon all the said Trust Estates, or such of them as shall remain unsold, shall with all convenient Speed be conveyed and transferred in such Manner as to become legally and effectually vested in such new Trustee or Trustees solely, or jointly with the continuing Trustee or Trustees, as the Circumstances of the Case shall require, upon the same Trusts, and for the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, as are herein declared of and concerning the same, or such of them as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking Effect; and such new Trustee and Trustees shall to all Intents and Effects, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever, have all [Private.'] , the

26

General Saving of Rights.

Evidence

Clause.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 2.

the Powers and Authorities of the Trustee or Trustees in whose Room or Stead he or they shall be so substituted or appointed.

VIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than and except the said Thomas Molyneux Seel, and his First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and also the said William Gillibrand Unsworth, and his First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and also the said Richard Blundell Unsworth, and his First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and also the future and after-born Son and Sons (if any) of the said Frances Unsworth, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and also the said Frances Seel Smaley and her First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and also the said John S/nale, and also the future and after-born Daughter and Daughters (if any) of the said Frances Unsworth, and the First and other Sons of such future and after-born Daughter and Daughters, and the Heirs Male of the respective Bodies of such last-mentioned First and other Sons, and also the said Frances Unsworth, and her Heirs, and the Heirs of the said Margaret Seel deceased, and also of the said Thomas Seel, the Testator, and all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever having or lawfully or equitably claiming, or who shall or may hereafter have or claim any Estate, Right, Title, Term, Interest, Charge, or Incumbrance whatsoever of, into, upon, out of, or concerning the said respective Hereditaments comprized in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, and so hereby vested in Trust to be sold as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, under or by virtue of the said recited Will of the said Thomas Seel deceased, or any of the Uses, Trusts, or Limitations therein contained, or otherwise howsoever in respect or on account thereof,) all such Estates, Rights, Titles, and Interests of, in, to, or out of the said Hereditaments and Premises so hereby vested in Trust to be sold as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, as they, every or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or would or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

The

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 2.

27

The SCHEDULE to which the aforegoing Act refers.

QUANTITY.

RENTAL.

All that Capital Messuage or Mansion House, situate in Huyton, in the County of Lancaster, called or known by the Name of Hurst House, with the Outbuildings, Gardens, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances thereto belonging; and also all that Cottage, with its Appurtenances, now in Possession of John Dalber; and also all that other Messuage and Tenement situate in Huyton aforesaid, called or known by the Name of Mill House Farm, with the Outbuildings and Appurtenances thereto belonging; and also all those several Fields, Closes, and Parcels of Land, lying and being in Huyton aforesaid, and in Knowsley in the said County, to the said Messuages, or one of them, belonging, or therewith, or with one of them, now or heretofore usually occupied and enjoyed, commonly called the Orchard, the Kemp’s Meadow, the Pleasure Meadow, the High Hurst, the Little High Hurst, the Low Hurst or Lower High Hurst, the Land Hey, the Wood, the Damstead, the Marled Hey, the Daisy Hill, the Lower Part of the Higher Steep Trash, the Little Meadow, the Old Meadow, the Mill Hey, the Barn Croft, the Passage, the Garden Croft, the Round Wood, and Damstead Clough, the Roundwood Field, the Hurst Meadow, the Mill Hey, and the Plantation, all which said Lands and Hereditaments before mentioned contain together by Estimation, or thereabouts, of the large Measure of Eight Yards to the Rod or Perch

A. r. P.

£ s. d.

41

3 11

In Hand.

Except and reserved unto Henry Case, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, all Mines and Delfs of Coal and Cannel, lying, being, or to be found within or under the same Lands and Premises, other than within the Lands on which the said Capital Messuage, called the Hurst House, and the Buildings thereto belonging stand, and the Gardens, Courts, Folds, Pleasure Grounds, and Plantations to the said Messuage, called the Hurst House, belonging, and within the said several Closes, called the Kemp’s Meadow, the Pleasure Meadow, the Garden Croft, the Passage, and the Barn Croft, which are not meant to be included in the Exception.

Also all that other Capital Messuage or Mansion House, and Tenement, with the Appurtenances, commonly called and known by the Name of Dam House, situate, lying, and being within the Manor of Huyton aforesaid, or in the Manor of Woolfall, within Huyton or Roby, in the said County of Lancaster, some or one of them, together with the several Closes, Fields, and Parcels of Land to the said Capital Messuage belonging or therewith enjoyed, commonly called and known by the several Names of the Croft, fronting the House, the Cobler’s Croft, the Little Meadow, the Little Dam Hey, the Great Dam Hey, divided in Three Parts, the Dam Meadow, the Lady Croft, and the Closes, formerly called the Blackfields, but afterwards the Little Black Hey and the Great Black Hey, the Great Cowley Hey, and the Little Cowley Hey, the Barn Hey, the Tarrier’a Croft, and the Closes formerly called the Moss Crofts, afterwards the Nearer Moss Close and the further Moss Close; all which said Premises contain in the whole, by common Estimation, of the large Measure of Eight Yards to the Rod or Perch -

29

1 27

175 0 0

Also all that Messuage or Tenement, with the Seat or Pew in the Parish Church of Huyton, and the Barn, Orchard, Folds, and other the Appurtenances thereto belonging, situate, lying, and being in Huyton aforesaid, and the several Fields, Closes, or Parcels of Land thereto belonging, commonly called and known by the several Names of the Pitt Hey, the Rush Hey, the Barn Hey, the Barley Hey, the Lower Part of Great Ashton’s Hey, the Higher Part of Great Ashton’s Hey, and Little Ashton’s Hey, containing by Estimation of the Measure of Eight Yards to the Rod or Perch

Also all those Two Messuages or Cottages, and other Buildings, situate and being in Woolfall aforesaid; and all those several Closes, or Parcels of Land, situate and being in Woolfall aforesaid, belonging to or held with the said Cottages, or one of them, commonly called or known by the several Name.

14 0 2

70 0 0

(continued.)

28 4° GEORGII IV.

QUANTITY . RENTAL.

and Names of the Gardens, the Stack or Slack Crofts, Newell’s Croft, Poverty A. R. P. £ s. d.

Nook, the Long Score Acre, Little Park, Great Park, the Wash Meadow, the Clover Hey, the Crab Tree Orchard, and the Smithy Croft, containing by Estimation, of the Measure of Eight Yards to the Rod 10 3 34 65 0 0

Also all that Messuage or Cottage and Garden, situate, lying, and being in Huyton aforesaid, and the several Closes, Closures, or Parcels of Land thereto belonging, commonly called and known by the several Name and Names of the Old Meadow, the Pingott, and the Brook Meadow, containing in the whole or thereabouts, of the Measure aforesaid - - 6 0 2 30 0 0

Also all those Two Closes, Closures, or Parcels of Land, with the Appurtenances, situate, lying, and being in Huyton aforesaid, commonly called and known by the Names of the Highfield Cross Hey, and the Paddock, containing by common Estimation, of Eight Yards to the Rod - 1 2 20 In Hand.

Also all that Part and Parcel of Wood-land, lying and being in Huyton Hey Wood, betwixt the Woodgate, next adjoining to the Hall of Huyton Hey, and a certain Parcel of Wood-land, formerly leased to one Henry Brownbili, containing in the whole by common Estimation of the Measure aforesaid - - - 2 2 0 In Hand

Also all that Chief Rent, Free Rent, Fee Farm or other Rent of 7s. yearly issuing and payable out of or from a certain Messuage or Tenement, called or known by the Name of the Newhall, and the several Closes and Parcels of Land thereto belonging - - In Hand.

Also all those several Rents of Is. 8d. each, called Seek P.ents, severally issuing and payable out of divers Messuages and Lands, called Molyneux’s and Woolfall’s, situate in Huyton aforesaid - In Hand.

Also all those the Great Tithes yearly coming, growing, increasing, or renewing out of and in all and every or any of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, in or within the Township or Hamlet of Huyton aforesaid, and Woolfall in the Parish of Huyton aforesaid; and all Moduses, Compositions, and Payments whatsoever, in lieu of Great Tithe, within the said Township or Hamlet of Huyton and Woolfall, with all and every the Tithe Barns, and the Grounds and Soil whereon the same stand or formerly stood, within Huyton and Woolfall aforesaid, or either of them In Hand.

Copyhold held of the Manor of West Derby : Also all that Messuage and Tenement, with the Appurtenances, situate, lying, and being near Club Moor, within West Derby, containing by Estimation, of the Measure there used (being 7\ yards to the Rod) - 3 0 0 22 10 0

And also all that Close, Closure, or Parcel of Land, with the Appurtenances, situate and being near Club Moor aforesaid, commonly called and known by the Name of the Sand Hey, containing of the Measure aforesaid, or thereabouts, be the several Dimensions of all the aforesaid Premises a little more or less - 1 2 22 12 5 7\

Total - 1110 4

Jos. Bushell.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

8

\ 4

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 3.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Quarter of Oulton, in the Parish of Wigton in the County of Cumberland.

[2d May 1823.]

WHEREAS there are within the Township or Quarter of Oulton, in the Parish of Wigton in the County of Cumberland, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, containing together One thousand Acres or thereabouts: And whereas John Taylor Esquire is Lord of the said Township or Quarter in which such Commons and Waste Grounds are situate, and is entitled to the Soil and Royalties of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and is also Owner or Proprietor of certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements within the said Township or Quarter of Oulton, and in respect thereof the said John Taylor, his Lessees or Tenants, is or are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds : And whereas the said John Taylor and Thomas Barnes, John Barnes, John Todd, John Robinson9 Joseph Felly and others, are entitled to the Tithes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, and other Tithes, arising, renewing, and growing due within the said Township or Quarter of Oulton (except such Parts as belong to the Vicar of the said Parish of Wigion9 and to Sir IVastel Brisco Baronet respectively), or to certain ancient Moduses or prescriptive Payments in lieu thereof, and other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments within the said Township or Quarter: And whereas the said Thomas Barnes, John Barnes, John Todd, John Robinson, Joseph Felly and Elizabeth Kennedy, and divers other Persons, are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in respect of certain Messuages, Tenements, Lands, or other Hereditaments within the said Township or Quarter; [Private.] and

30 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 3.

and the said Commons and Waste Grounds in their present State are of little Use or Advantage, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be of great Benefit to the Persons interested therein, and of public Utility, if the said Commons and Waste Grounds were to be divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Properties and Interests therein; and if the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and all the ancient Lands entitled to Right of Common thereon, were exonerated from the Payment of Tithes and all other Ecclesiastical Dues whatsoever (except as hereinafter is excepted); but such Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of 41G. 3. C. 109. the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts : And whereas another Act was passed in the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 1&2G.4. intituled An Act to amend the Law respecting the inclosing of Open c. 23. Fields, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, in England: May

it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Appointment present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That of Commis- Richard Atkinson of Bassenthwaite in the County of Cumberland, Gentle-sioner. man, and his Successors, to be appointed in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and is hereby appointed sole Commissioner for setting out, dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in Manner and according to the Rules, Orders, Powers, and Directions contained in this Act and the said first recited Act, so far as the Powers, Regulations, Directions, and Provisions in the said recited Acts are not altered or controlled by or repugnant to the Provisions contained in this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Richard Atkinson, or any Commissioner to be appointed in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall, before the Completion of the said Division and Inclosure, die, or neglect, refuse, decline, or become incapable to act for the Space of Forty Days when Occasion shall require his Attendance for carrying this and the said recited Acts into Execution, it shall be lawful for the Lord of the said Township or Quarter, and the major Part in Value (to be ascertained according to the Land Tax Assessment) of the several Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Person by them or any of them duly authorized by Writing under the Hand or Hands of such Owner or Owners, who shall be assembled at any public Meeting to be held for that Purpose within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity as aforesaid shall happen or be known to them, or so soon after as conveniently may be, of which Meeting or Meetings at least Twenty-one Days Notice shall be given in Writing by any Two of such Proprietors, to be affixed on the Church Door of the said Parish of Wigton, and by Advertisement to be inserted in one or more of the Newspapers printed in the said County of Cumberland, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands to nominate and appoint another Person

10 (not

For appointing future Commissioner.

31

4° GEORGII IV. 3.

(not interested in the said Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Stead of the Commissioner so dying, neglecting, refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every such new Commissioner so to be appointed shall have the same Powers and Authorities for carrying the Purposes of this and the said recited Acts into Execution, as if he had been expressly named and appointed by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner may and he Appointment is hereby authorized to appoint some fit and proper Person to be his Clerk, of clerk* for assisting him in carrying this and the said first recited Act into Execution; and to remove such Clerk, and from Time to Time to appoint some other fit and proper Person to succeed him in such Office, as to the said Commissioner shall seem meet.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner is hereby Surveyors to authorized to appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons to be Sur- be appointed, veyors,and Assistants to such Surveyors, for the Purpose of forming, completing, and repairing the Roads under the said intended Division or Inclosure; and from Time to Time to displace and remove any such Person

or Persons so to be appointed, and to appoint any other Person or Persons in his or their Room, and to make such Surveyor or Surveyors, Assistant or Assistants, such Recompence for his and their Labour, Skill, and incidental Expences, as to the said Commissioner shall appear just and reasonable.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Oath to be be capable of acting as a Surveyor in the Execution of the said first re- taken by Sur-cited Act or this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the vey°r*

Oath or Affirmation following; that is to say,

£ T do swear, [or, being one of the People called

* Quakers, do solemnly affirm,] That I will faithfully, honestly, *

* and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Ability, exe-i cute and perform the Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a 4 Surveyor by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the 6 Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title

* of this Act\ according to Equity and good Conscience, without Favour

‘ or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whom-‘ soever. So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Cumberland to administer, and who is hereby required to administer the same; and such Oath or Affirmation, when so taken and subscribed by such Surveyor, shall be annexed to and enrolled with the Award of the said Commissioner.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall at his Survey to be Discretion cause a fair, correct, and particular Plan and Valuation of the made of said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted Commons; and inclosed, to be made and reduced into Writing by him, or such Person or Persons as he shall direct or appoint, or shall use any Map or Survey of the said Commons and Waste Grounds made at or before the Time

of passing this Act, which shall in his Judgment and to his Satisfaction be

a just

32

but not of ancient In closures.

Notice of Meetings.

Other Notices how to be given.

For settling Disputes.

4° GEORGII IV. 3.

a just and true Map or Survey thereof; but that it shall not be necessary or incumbent on the said Commissioner to cause any Admeasurement, Plan, or Valuation to be made of the Messuages, Cottages, Gardens, Homesteads, or ancient inclosed Lands or Grounds within the said Township or Quarter of Oulton, but only of such Part or Parts thereof (if any) as the said Commissioner shall judge expedient or necessary, any thing in the said first recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

J ‘ \ '* *' ' — - r . \ ' f? ' ’ ‘ • I.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall cause Notice in Writing to be given, in Manner herein-after mentioned, of the Time and Place of holding his First, Second, and Third Meetings for the Purpose of putting this and the said first recited Act into Execution, at least Fourteen Days before such respective Meetings; and the said Commissioner shall and may, after his said Third Meeting, from Time to Time appoint such special or other subsequent Meetings for carrying into Execution the Trusts, Powers, and Authorities hereby and by the said first recited Act vested in him as he shall think proper, giving in like Manner Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of the Time and Place where each such special or subsequent Meeting is to be holden; but the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and empowered, if he shall see Cause, without giving any Public Notice, to adjourn and continue his said First, Second, and Third Meetings, or any of them, or any such special or other subsequent Meeting as aforesaid, from Time to Time as he shall see convenient, provided that all Meetings of the said Commissioner shall be holden within Eight Miles of Oulton.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Notices.are required to be given to any Person or Persons under this or the said first recited Act, the Delivery of the same, so far as concerns the said Commissioner, at the usual Place of Abode of the said Commissioner, or at the Office or usual Place of Abode of his Clerk, and so far as concerns all other Persons, the Delivery of the same at the usual Places of Abode of such Persons respectively, shall be deemed good Service of the same; and that Notice of the Meetings (except those by Adjournment) of the said Commissioner, and of the Perambulation of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and all other Public Notices directed by this Act or the said first recited Act to be given, shall be in Writing, and shall be given by affixing the said Notices respectively, on some Sunday in the Forenoon before or during Divine Service, on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Wigton aforesaid, and also by causing the same to be inserted in some one or more Newspaper or Newspapers published at Carlisle in the said County of Cumberland, or in some other Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated in the said County.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said Division and Allotments touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, with all convenient Speed, to proceed to hear and determine such Claims and Objections upon his own View, or Examination of Witnesses

upon

33

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 3.

upon Oath, to be administered by him, or by such other Evidence, Proof,

Ways and Means as by him shall be adjudged proper; and the said Commissioner shall make and signify his Determination in Writing of and concerning the Premises under his Hand, within Six Calendar Months next after such Claims or Objections shall be respectively made as aforesaid, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and such Determination shall be conclusive to and upon all Parties whomsoever, save and except as herein-after mentioned : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner shall, Power to upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection assess Costs, or Objections, to be delivered in pursuance of this or the said first recited Act, see Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the same* rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division or Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioner, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of Common or other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon or out of the Lands or Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, or inclosed, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Objection or Objections to such Claim or Claims, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so dissatisfied, to cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in whose Favour any such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next alter the Determination of the said Commissioner shall have been notified in Writing to the Party or Parties against whom such Determination shall have been so made, or to his, her, or their known Agent or Attorney; and thereupon the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so dissatisfied, shall proceed to a Trial at Law at the then next or the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Cumberland, after such Action or Actions shall have been commenced \ and the De-

\Private.~\ I fend ant

Allowing Parties to try their Rights by an Issue at Law.

34

4° GEORGII IV.

fendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept of one or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted on, may be tried and determined, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the same); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic or Corporate whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that if no such Action at Law shall be commenced as aforesaid, or if any such Action shall be commenced, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall not proceed to Trial within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpose, then the Determination of the said Commissioner shall be binding, final, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided also, that if any of the Parties in any such Action to be brought as aforesaid, shall die pending the same, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but may be proceeded in as if no such Death had happened.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or case of Death Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have fore^ctions" been mac^e?and against whom any such Action or Actions might have been brought. brought if living, shall die before any Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Party or Parties who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the same within the Time so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioner with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs of the Person or Persons so dead, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein, and the Costs shall follow the Event, and be recoverable in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living, and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioner to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any of such Parties (except in Cases of Encroachment made within the Period of Twenty Years as herein-after mentioned); but in case the said Commissioner shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so

9 in

Right of Possession not to be determined by ti e Commissioner.

If no Action the Commissioner’s Determination to be final.

Death of Parties not to stop Proceedings at Law.

Provision in

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 3. 35

in Possession, he shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up, or recovered from such Per’soh or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Difference, Suits not to Suit, or Proceeding as aforesaid, nor any Difference, Suit, or Proceeding delay the Intouching the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall closure’ impede or delay the said Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, but the Division and Inclosure hereby directed to be made shall be proceeded in notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit, or Proceeding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Persons interested in Death of the said intended Inclosure shall die before the said intended Division shall Parties not be made and perfected, or before the said Commissioner shall have made I? °J?stnic!

i ' the Execution

his Award touching the same, the Powers and Authorities hereby given of the Act. unto and vested in the said Commissioner shall not be in anyways determined or suspended by such Death or Deaths, but that the said Commissioner and his Successor shall and may proceed in and execute the said Powers and Authorities, and every of them, in such or the like Manner as he might have done if such Person or Persons had not died; and that the Part or Parts, Share or Shares of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, which such Person or Persons so dying would have been entitled to, shall be taken by the Person or Persons who shall upon the Death of the Person or Persons so dying be entitled to the same, and such Person or Persons shall accordingly accept and fence, and have, hold, and enjoy the same accordingly, to their respective Estates and Interests in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotment or Allotments shall be made.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of all and every Action and Actions relating to the said Commons or Waste Grounds, or to the respective Boundaries or Soil thereof, or any Part thereof, and which in the Consequences thereof shall or may extend or be likely to extend to the common and general Interest of the Parties concerned in the Division and Inclosure of the said respective Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, shall be deemed and considered to be Part of and paid in such Manner as the General Expences of the Division and Inclosure of the said Commons and Waste Grounds are herein-after and hereby directed to be paid; but if the Matters in Dispute in any Action or Actions hereafter to be commenced shall affect only the Party or Parties claiming the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and the general Right of Common shall not be affected thereby, then the whole of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of prosecuting and defending such last-mentioned Action or Actions shall be paid and defrayed by the Party or Parties claiming such Right of Soil in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall by Writing under his Hand direct or appoint; but the same Costs, Charges, and Expences shall not be paid or discharged by or out of any Monies to be raised for defraying the general Expences of this Act j and the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and required to adjudge and determine whether such Question or Questions is or are solely confined to Right of Soil, and would or would not tend to increase or be for the Benefit of the Right of Common, or other Interest of the

Parties

Costs in determining Right of Soil to be paid as the General Expences of the Inclosure are to be paid.

36 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 3.

Parties claiming Rights of Common upon the said Commons or Waste Grounds, and if it shall appear to the said Commissioner that the same would affect only the Party or Parties claiming the Soil, and that the Right of Common or Waste Grounds or Extent thereof could not be increased or extended thereby, then the said Costs shall be borne and paid by the Party or Parties who shall be exclusively interested therein, and in such Proportions, Manner, and Form as the said Commissioner shall by Writing under his Hand direct or appoint, and shall not be deemed or considered as Part of the said said general Expences to be incurred and paid by virtue and in Execution of this Act.

To prevent

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of

cutting Turf, this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to cut, dig, or carry away any Turves, Flacks, Sods, or any Part of the Soil or Surface (except Peats and Turves from his, her, or their respective Shares of Moss), in, upon, or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without the Licence of the said Commissioner in Writing under his Hand first had and obtained for that Purpose, which Licence the said Commissioner is hereby empowered to grant; and that if any Person or Persons (except as aforesaid) shall cut, dig, grave, pare, subvert, take, or carry away any such Turves, Flacks, or Sods, or any Part of the said Soil or Surface, without such Licence, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalty may be levied and recovered by the said first recited Act herein-before referred to; One Half of which Penalty or Penalties shall go and be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Half thereof shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place within which the Offence shall be committed, for the Benefit of such Poor respectively.

Encroach*

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments taken or

ments. made from or on any Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, within Twenty Years before the passing of this Act, shall be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Commons and Waste Grounds respectively from or on which the same wrere respectively taken in or made, and shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all such Encroachments shall be allotted to the Person or Persons who shall at the Time of making the Allotments be in Possession of such Encroachments, or in Receipt of the Rents or Profits thereof, in lieu of the Whole, it sufficient for that Purpose, or if not, then in Part of the Share or Allotment of the said Commons and Waste Grounds to which such Persons shall be respectively entitled by virtue of this Act; and such Encroachments in making such Allotment or Allotments shall be estimated according to the Value of the Land or Ground so taken in or encroached upon, and without considering the Value of any Erections or Buildings thereon; and if the Person or Persons who shall be in Possession of such Encroachments respectively, or in the Receipt of the Rents or Profits thereof, shall be entitled to no Allotment, or to an Allotment not equal to the Value of such respective Encroachments, but shall be willing to purchase the same, then the said Commissioner shall ascertain the Price

thereof.

37

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 3.

thereof, or of such Part thereof as shall exceed the Value of the Allotments to be made to such Possessor or Possessors thereof in respect of his or their other Property, in ascertaining which Value the said Commissioner shall not estimate the Buildings or other Improvements thereon; and Upon such Person or Persons paying such Price thereof to the said Commissioner at such Time or Times as he shall for that Purpose direct, the said Commissioner shall give and sign his Receipt or Receipts for the same, and execute a Conveyance thereof, and shall thereupon allot to the Purchaser or Purchasers every such Encroachment, or such Part thereof as shall be so purchased; and the same shall upon such Payment and Conveyance become and be vested in such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and his, her, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, without any further Assurance, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever, and the said Commissioner shall apply the Purchase Money to arise thereby as Part of the Monies to be raised for defraying the general Expences of this Act; and if any Surplus shall remain after Payment of such Expences as aforesaid, such Surplus shall be divided amongst the several Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Shares as shall be in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests; and the Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple shall be paid to them respectively, and the Shares of such other Proprietors of and in such Surplus Money shall be applied and disposed of in manner directed by the said first recited Act, in those Cases where any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses; provided that if any Question or Dispute shall arise touching the said Encroachments, or which of them shall 'be so deemed to be Part or Parcel of the said Commons or Waste Grounds, such Disputes shall be referred to the Determination of the said Commissioner, but no such Determination shall prevent any of the Parties from trying their Rights at Law in respect of any Matter of Title to the said Encroachments.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to stop up any old or accustomed Road or Roads passing' or leading through any Part of the old Inclosures within the said Township, in respect whereof any Allotment shall be set out upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and to set out and appoint any hew or other Road or Roads in, upon, or over any of the said old Inclosures, with the Concurrence of Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Cumberland, and subject to the Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Rights of Appeal contained in, and in the Manner directed by the said first recited Act with respect to the stopping up of any old or accustomed Road or Roads, and also subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions mentioned and contained in an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty-King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Tear of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, so far as the same relates to Notices of Appeal a gams t turning or diverting a Public Highway, and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the stopping up of un-L Private^] j, necessary

For altering or stopping up Roads.

55 G, 3, c. 68.

38

.4° GEORGII IV. Cap.S.

necessary Roads, but subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, as in the said Acts mentioned.

ft -i ' . ,' . 1 # ^■

Commis-

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and sioner to may scour out and widen all such Brooks, Streams, Ditches, Drains, niake Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, and Bridges within the said Township or Quarter of Oulton, and also shall and may^et out, order, and direct such new Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Watergates, Banks, and Bridges to be made of such Depth and Breadth, and in such Situations and Directions as the said Commissioner shall think proper, as well in, through, over, and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, as also in, through, and over any ancient Inclosures or other Lands and Grounds within the said Township or Quarter of Oulton, or any Part or Parts thereof (making such Satisfaction to the Owners, Lessees, or Tenants of such ancient Inclosures or other Lands or Grounds for the Damage, if any done thereby, as he shall judge reasonable); and the said Commissioner shall and may and he is hereby authorized and required, in and by his general Award, to order and direct by whom and at whose Expence, and at what Times and in what Manner the said Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Watergates, Banks, and Bridges shall be thereafter repaired, cleansed, scoured, and maintained : Provided always, that no such Brook or Stream shall be turned or diverted without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds from which any such Brook or Stream shall be diverted, or into which any such Brook or Stream shall be turned.

Gaps to be

XXI. And be it further enacted, That convenient Gaps or Openings shall ■eft. be left in the said Fences and Inclosures for such Space of Time next ensuing the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, for the Passage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages as the said Commissioner shall in and by his Award direct and appoint.

Allotment

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall lor Stone and and he is hereby authorized and required, according to the best of his Gravel. Skill and Judgment, to assign, set out, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Township or Quarter a. proper Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds for Watering Places for Cattle, for the common Use and Benefit of the Lord or Lords of the said Township or Quarter, and the other Land Owners and Tenants within the same Township or Quarter respectively for the Time being; and shall also in like Manner set out and appropriate any other Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds for getting Sand, Gravel, and other Materials for making and repairing such Public and Private Roads as shall be set out and appointed or continued within the said Township or Quarter in pursuance of this Act, and according to the Directions herein contained, or for any other Purpose or Purposes which to the said Commissioner shall seem necessary and expedient; and the same Allotment or Allotments, when so set out, shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Township or Quarter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed, taken, or construed to extend, to preclude or prevent the Surveyor or

Surveyors

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 3.

Surveyors appointed by the said Commissioner within the said Township or Quarter for the Time being from getting Materials within any other Lands or Grounds for the Repairs of the Highways, agreeably to the t Laws now in force or to be made for repairing the Roads within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ik n

M. 1

8

/ i;

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Land to be and he is hereby authorized and empowered to sell by public Auction, in sold for pay manner by the said first recited Act directed, in Lots not exceeding Twenty Acres each, so much of the said Commons and Waste Grounds A as he may judge expedient, towards paying the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining this Act and carrying the same into Execution: Provided always, that if there shall be any Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale, the same shall be applied in the Manner directed by the said first recited Act with respect to Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses; but in case the Purchase Monies arising by such Sale shall not be sufficient to defray all the Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, then the Deficiency thereof shall be made up by the several Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions, within such Time, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner shall direct, nominate, or appoint; and in case any Person made subject to the Payment of any Money towards such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, shall neglect to pay his or her Share or Proportion thereof within the Time to be appointed by the said Commissioner as aforesaid, the same shall and may be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said first recited Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who Ring Fences shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Land so to be allotted of Land sold and sold as aforesaid, his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns, shall be subject b° tiiePur and liable to the making and keeping in Repair such Parts of the Ring or chaser. other Fences thereof as shall be directed by the said Commissioner, and also to the due Observance and Performance of all Orders, Matters,

Charges, and Directions relative thereto, to be made and directed by the said Commissioner in and by his general Award; and also to all Rights,

Liberties, and Privileges of the Lord of the said Township for the Time being, or his Lessees or Assigns.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall in Allotment the next Place set out, allot, and appoint unto and for the Lord of the for Right of aforesaid Township or Quarter of Oulton., such Quantity of the said Com- Soi!’ mons and Waste Grounds respectively as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner be equal to One-fourteenth Part or Share in Value of the said Commons and Waste Grounds; which said Allotment of One-fourteenth

Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds is hereby declared to be in lieu> of and as a full Compensation for the Right and Interest of the Lord or Lords of the said Township or Quarter in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds (except as herein-after is mentioned);

provided

40 4° GEORGII IV.

provided that the said Allotment of One-fourteenth Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds to the said Lord of the said Township shall from and after the same shall have been set out and divided, be Tithe-free.

Allotment of

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall 1 e 1 ue‘ and he is hereby required to set out by Metes and Bounds, and allot in Severalty, the Residue of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, after the several Allotments and Appropriations herein-before mentioned shall be made, unto and amongst the Lord of the said Township of Oulton, for and on account of his Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments within the said Township or Quarter, and for no other Messuage, Tenement, Lands, and other Hereditaments whatsoever, and the several other Persons, Owners, and Proprietors of Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common or other Rights in or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, for and on account of their respective Messuages, Lands, Tithes, and Tenements within the said Township or Quarter, in Proportion to their several and respective Rights and Interests therein; such Allotments to be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioner by and according to the Value of the respective Messuages, Lands, Tithes, and Tenements.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Execution of the Award directed to be made in pursuance of this or the said first recited Act, all and every the Allotments herein-before directed to be made, in respect of any Lands or other Property held under the Lord of the said Township of Oulton, shall be and are hereby declared to be Freehold to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, subject and without Prejudice nevertheless to the Right of the Lord or Lords of the said Township, to the Mines, Minerals, Stones, Slates, Royalties, Liberties, Privileges, Powers, and Authorities, or any of them, hereby reserved to him and them.

Certain Al-

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful lotments may to and for the said Commissioner, if he think it proper and expedient so

and fenced to at any ime or T*11163 after the passing of this Act, and before all

before the the Allotments to be made by virtue thereof shall be staked out, and the whole are Rights and Interests of all the Proprietors shall be fully ascertained, to set

completed. out and allot to any such Proprietors, upon Application in Writing made to the said Commissioner for that Purpose, any Parcel or Parcels of Land as Part of the Allotments to be made to such Proprietors respectively, and by Writing under his Hand to authorize and empower such Proprietors respectively to fence, occupy, and enjoy the same in Severalty, paying Such annual Rents in respect thereof, until the whole of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act shall be ascertained and staked out, as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint; which Rents shall be applied by the said Commissioner towards Payment of the Expences of obtaining this Act and carrying the same into Execution; and the said Commissioner shall have all such Remedies for the Recovery thereof as Landlords now have, or shall at any Time hereafter be entitled to, for the Recovery of Rent in Arrear.

Allotments to be Freehold.

Cap. 3.

4

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 3.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, who shall or may be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments in or upon the said Commons or Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, by virtue of this Act, or who shall or may be Owners or Proprietors of any Common Right or other Right upon the said Commons or Waste Grounds, to give, grant, bargain, sell, demise, mortgage, limit, convey, and dispose of the same, or all or any Part of his, her, or their Estate or Interest therein or Right thereto (but no further or otherwise), either separate and distinct from or along with any Estate in Right of which he, she, or they is or are entitled to the same, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner; and every such Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, Demise, Mortgage, Limitation, Conveyance, or Disposition thereof shall be of the same Force and Validity as if the same were made after the Execution of the said Award; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner and he is hereby authorized and required to award each such Allotment so sold or disposed of, or set out in lieu of any Common Right or other Right so sold or disposed of, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or other Person or Persons entitled to the same by virtue of any such Sale or Disposition; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time before the Execution of the said Award have sold or shall sell his, her, or their Right, Interest, or Property in, over, or upon the said Commons or Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof* to any Person or Persons, the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and required to make an Allots ment or Allotments of Land unto the Purchaser or Purchasers undef every such Sale, or to his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, as convenient to any other Allotment or Estate of such Purchaser as reasonably may be, for or in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so sold as aforesaid; and every such Purchaser, and his or her Heirs and Assigns, shall and may from and after the Execution of the said Award hold and enjoy the Land so to be alloted to him or her as aforesaid, in the same Manner, and for the same (but for no further or other) Estate and Interest, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale might or could have held or enjoyed the same in case such Sale had not been made.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Part or Share, Parts and Shares of the said Commons and Waste Grounds which shall upon such Division as aforesaid be allotted to, for, or in respect of any Estate or Estates in Grant or Lease, when the Grantee or Grantees, Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants is or are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons or Waste Grounds during the Term of their respective Grants or Leases, shall be allotted unto, and be had, held, inclosed, and enjoyed by the respective Grantor or Grantors, Proprietors or Owners of the Estates so granted or leased, in respect whereof the same shall be allotted, according to their several Estates and Interests therein respectively; and none of the Grantee or Grantees, Lessee or Lessees, or Tenants of such Estates in Grant or Lease, shall have any Right to any such Allotment, or any Part thereof, but all and every such Grantee or Grantees, Lessee or Lessees, shall receive and be paid or abated, by Yearly or Half-yearly Payments or Abatements, during the Continuance of their respective Terms from their Grantor or Grantors respectively, such Sum

f Private/ or

41

Owners may dispose of their Allotments prior to the Award.

Satisfaction to be made to the Lessees for the Loss of Common Right.

42

Directions respecting Peat Mosses.

Power to en franchise Customary Tenements.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 3.

of Sums of Money as the said Commissioner shall fix, determine, order and direct, upon the Application or Applications either of the said Grantor or Grantors, Grantee or Grantees, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner be a fair, reasonable, and full Compensation for the Common Rights of the said Grantees or Lessees respectively during the Continuance of their said several Terms, which they could or might have enjoyed in or upon the said Commons or Waste Grounds in case this Act had not been passed, and which Determination, Order, and Direction of the said Commissioner shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all such Grantor or Grantors, Grantee or Grantees.

XXXI. And whereas the Lord and several of the Tenants of the said Township or Quarter of Oulton, and others not Owners or Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Township or Quarter, are or claim to be entitled unto and have enjoyed the Right of digging Peat and Turf upon certain Peat Mosses or Mossy Ground within the said Township or Quarter, particularly appropriated for that Purpose, and it would be beneficial to the Lord of the said Township or Quarter, and the Proprietors of Lands within the same, if the said Peat Mosses were to be allotted to the Persons in Possession thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Commissioner that the Lord of the said Township, or any of the Tenants thereof, or any other Persons, are entitled to the exclusive Property in any such Peat Mosses, the said Commissioner shall and is hereby required to set out and allot the same to such Person or Persons accordingly : Provided always, that in the Admeasurement of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Proportions thereof to be allotted to the respective Proprietors, the said Peat Mosses so to be set out to the Persons entitled to the exclusive Property therein shall be included : Provided also, that in case the said Commissioner shall judge proper that certain of the said Peat Mosses, or Parts or Shares thereof, now lying scattered and dispersed, should be united with and lie contiguous to each other, the said Commissioner shall and is hereby required to set out the same in such Manner as to him shall seem most convenient and beneficial, and the Grass and Herbage of the said Peat Mosses shall either be sold or allotted or disposed of in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall in his Discretion order and direct: Provided further, that in case the said Commissioner shall judge proper, he is hereby authorized and directed to value each Part or Portion of the said Mosses, and to sell and dispose of the Grass and Herbage growing and renewing thereon, first giving the Owner or Proprietor the Option or Privilege of purchasing the same, and the Money to arise from such Sale to be applied towards defraying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution.

XXXII. And whereas there are within the Township of Oulton aforesaid, divers Customary or Tenant-right Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, holden of the Lord of the said Township as Customary or Tenant-right Estates of Inheritance, under and subject to several Yearly Customary Rents, and Twenty-penny Fines certain, and other Fines certain, payable on the Death of the Lord, and Death or Alienation of each Customary Tenant, and under and subject to other Dues,

Duties,

43

4° GEORGII IV. 3.

Duties, Customs, Heriots, Payments, Boons, and Services; be it therefore further enacted, That such Owners of the said Customary or Tenant-right Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall, within Three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, by themselves or their Agents, signify in Writing to the said Commissioner their Intention of enfranchising, releasing, and discharging their respective Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, as herein-after is mentioned, by Portions of the said Commons or Waste Grounds, but not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, to set out, allot, and award unto the Lord of the said Township so much of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner be a fair and adequate Satisfaction and Equivalent for the Right and Interest of the said Lord of the said Township of and in the Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, whereof the said Commissioner shall have received Notice of such Enfranchisement as aforesaid; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be in lieu of and Compensation for the Enfranchisement of the said Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereof such Notice shall be given as last aforesaid, and for the releasing and discharging of the same Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, for ever thereafter, from all Rents, Fines,

Dues, Duties, Customs, Heriots, Payments, Boons, and Services which would otherwise become due and payable for or in respect of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so as the said Premises may for ever thereafter remain and continue enfranchised and Freehold, but subject nevertheless to be holden of the Lord of the said Township, either by the Rents which shall have been theretofore paid or payable in respect thereof, or by any less Rent or Rents, or without Rent, as shall be agreed on: Provided always, that the said Allotment or Allotments to be made to the said Lord of the said Township as aforesaid, on account of the said Enfranchisements, shall be taken out of and deducted from the several Shares and Allotments which the respective Owners of the said Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, giving such Notice as last aforesaid, would be entitled to, in a due and fair Proportion, so as that each Person’s Allotment shall be less and abate in Proportion, in order to make up the several Allotments to the said Lord as aforesaid, and such several Allotments to be made to him shall be laid together in One Plot or Parcel of Land contiguous to the other Allotments of the said Lord as much as conveniently may be, and shall be allotted accordingly by the General Award of the said Commissioner.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Allotments in Commissioner shall, after specifying the Allotments made in lieu of such respect of Enfranchisements in and by his General Award, declare all such Custo- Customary mary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, where such Tenementsto Compensation shall have been made as aforesaid, to be enfranchised, and in the Award, the Tenures by which the same are holden, and the Rents, Fines, Heriots,

Boons, Suits, Payments, and Services incident thereto, to be discharged and extinguished, and that the same Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively shall from thencefoith be and be deemed and taken to be Freehold.

44

Allotments in lieu of Tithes.

Money to be paid where the Allot-

4° GEORGII IV. 3.

XXXIV. And whereas it would be of Advantage to the Persons interested if the same ancient Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as well as the several Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, were exonerated from all Tithes, Moduses, Prescriptions, and other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever, except such Parts as belong to the Vicar of the Parish of Wigton, and Sir IVastel Brisco respectively as aforesaid \ be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall set out and allot unto and for the several Owners and Proprietors of such Tithes, in separate Allotments proportionate to the respective Interests of the said Proprietors, so much of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioner, be deemed equivalent in Value to and a full Satisfaction and Recompence for all Tithes, Moduses, Prescriptions, and other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever (except as aforesaid) due and payable to such several Owners and Proprietors, which otherwise would or might or could arise, renew, or become due or payable, or which they or any of them would or otherwise might or could claim or be entitled to, as well from or out of, or for or in respect of the aforesaid ancient Inciosures and other the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments already inclosed, or any of them, and also from or out of or for or in respect of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or any Part thereof respectively: Provided always, that the said several Allotments so to be made in lieu of Tithes and Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments, as well of the said old Inclosures as of the said Commons and Waste Grounds (except as before excepted), shall be taken out of and deducted from the several Shares and Allotments which the respective Owners or Proprietors of the said several old Inclosures, and other the ancient Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments within the said Township or Quarter, would be entitled to in a due and fair Proportion, according to the Value at which the said Tithes, Moduses, Prescriptions, and other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments (except as aforesaid) for or in respect of the said several old Inclosures and other the ancient Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, already inclosed, of each Person entitled to any Allotment or Allotments in respect thereof, and in a fair and due Proportion, according to the Value at which the said Tithes, Moduses, Prescriptions, and other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments (except as aforesaid) which could or might arise or become due or payable for or in respect of the several Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Township or Quarter, to be respectively made to each Person entitled thereto, shall be respectively estimated, fixed, and ascertained by the said Commissioner, so as that each Person’s Allotment shall be less, and abate in the Proportions above mentioned, in order to make up the said Allotments in lieu of the said Tithes, Moduses, and Prescriptions: Provided also, that the several Allotments to be made to the said several Owners and Proprietors as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for all the said Tithes, Moduses, Prescriptions, and Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments, due and payable to the said Proprietors as aforesaid, shall, in case they respectively require the same, be laid contiguous either to the ancient Inclosures or to the new Allotments of the said several Proprietors.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the several Shares or Allotments of the respective Owners or Proprietors of the

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 3.

the said Commons and Waste Grounds (after setting out and allotting to the said several Owners and Proprietors for their own Use the Plots or Parcels of Common immediately in front of and adjoining to their respective Tenements) shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner be insufficient or inadequate in Value for the Purpose of exonerating from Tithes, as well the said several ancient Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments already inclosed within the said Township or Quarter, as also the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, then and in every such case the said Owners or Proprietors whose Allotment or Allotments shall be insufficient or inadequate for the Purposes aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall respectively pay or cause to be paid to the several Owners and Proprietors of such Tithes, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, such Sum or Sums of Money as in the Judgment of the said Commissioner shall be a just and full Compensation and Satisfaction for all such Tithes, Moduses, Prescriptions, and other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments for which the Owners or Proprietors of the said Commons and Waste Grounds may not be possessed of Common Right sufficient to make Compensation for the Tithes thereof as aforesaid; and that all and every Sum and Sums of Money to be received for the Exoneration of Tithes in pursuance of this Act shall be respectively paid to such Owners and Proprietors of the said Tithes, Moduses, Prescriptions, and other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments, in such Proportions as they shall be respectively entitled thereto; and the Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants thereof in Fee Simple shall be paid to them respectively, and the Shares of such other Persons respectively shall be paid and applied in Manner directed by the said first recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, with respect to Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay such Sum or Sums of Money at the respective Days and Times to be appointed for Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, by any Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making Default in Payment as aforesaid, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, wheresoever the same shall be found, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale being first deducted, together with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed on such Sum or Sums of Money from the Time the same shall be directed to be paid by the said Commissioner as aforesaid; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, or any other Person or Persons authorized by him, to enter upon and take Possession of the Lands or Tenements belonging to the Person [Private.or

45

ments are insufficient for remunerating Tithe Owners.

Recovery of Money ordered to be paid in Compensation for Tithes.

46 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 3.

or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, and which shall have been discharged from Tithes by virtue of this Act, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof, until thereby or therewith or otherwise such Sum and Sums of Money, and the Costs and Charges so ordered and directed by the said Commissioner to be paid by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and all Interest on such Sum and Sums of Money, to be computed from the Time the same shall by the said Commissioner be directed to be paid as aforesaid, and also all Costs, Charges, and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry upon and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the same Premises shall be fully paid and satisfied.

Not to pre-

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in judice Vica- this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect or prerial Rights. judice the Vicarial Tithes arising or renewing within the said Township or Quarter, or to authorize or empower the said Commissioner to appoint any Money Payments or other Compensation in lieu thereof, but that all such Tithes shall be received, held, and enjoyed by the Vicar of IVigton aforesaid, and his Successors for the Time being, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been passed.

Extinguishment of Tithes.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Tithes, Moduses, Prescriptions, and all other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever (except as before excepted), as well for or in respect of the said several ancient Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments already inclosed within the said Township or Quarter, as also for and in respect of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed (except as aforesaid), shall within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Allotments to be made in lieu of such Tithes, Moduses, Prescriptions snd other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments shall have been set out and divided as aforesaid, and the Consideration Monies in aid of such Allotments shall have been paid in Manner herein-before mentioned, cease and be for ever extinguished, and no longer paid or payable; and the Allotments or Portions of the said Commons and Waste Grounds so to be set out in lieu of such Tithes, Moduses and Prescriptions, shall be specified in the General Award of the said Commissioner: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of any other Person or Persons lawfully entitled to any Tithes or Prescriptions in lieu thereof within the said Township or Quarter of Oulton, and not herein especially provided for or excepted, but that the same shall be held and enjoyed by such Person or Persons in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been passed.

Allowing

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

Exchanges and for the said Commissioner to set out, allot, and award any Lands, to be made. Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Township and Quarter of Oulton, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said

6 Commissioner,

4° GEORGII IV. 3. 47

Commissioner, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives (by and with the Consent of the Lessor or Lessors thereof, but not otherwise), or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable to act for themselves, himself, or herself (such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other Parties consenting respectively); and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever : Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate:

Provided always, that the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Partitions, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioner shall order and direct.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Wills and Act contained shall extend or be construed or adjudged to revoke, alter, Settlements make void or invalidate any Will or Settlement whatsoever, or to preju- be af" dice any Person having or claiming any Jointure, Dower, Portion, Rent,

Debt, Charge or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act or the said first recited Act, but that the respective Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be subject to such and the same Wills, Settlements, Uses, Trusts,

Limitations, Powers, Provisoes, Conditions, Remainders, Reversions,

Rents, Services, Debts, Charges and Incumbrances, as the several Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Allotments shall be respectively made, were and stood subject unto at the Time of passing this Act; and that such Allotments shall, in respect of all such Wills,

Settlements, Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Powers, Provisoes, Conditions, Remainders, Reversions, Rents, Services, Debts, Charges and Incumbrances, be deemed and adjudged to be Part and Parcel of the ancient Tenements for which such Allotment shall be so made respectively.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep, Lambs, or Asses shall For regulat-be depastured in any of the said new intended Inclosures (except in such ing the keep-Allotments where there shall be no Quickset Fences) during the Space of SheeP* Seven Years next after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner,

48

Commissioner’s Allowance.

Commissioner’s Accounts to be settled by Two Justices.

Award to be deposited.

Appeal.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 3.

sioner, unless the Persons so respectively depasturing or keeping Sheep, Lambs, or Asses do, at their own Expence, effectually guard and fence their Neighbours’ Quicksets adjoining to such Inclosures respectively in which Sheep, Lambs, or Asses shall be depastured or kept as aforesaid, so as to prevent any Damage or Injury from being done to such Fence or Fences and Quicksets by any Sheep, Lambs, or Asses; and that in case any Person shall turn in or keep any Sheep, Lambs, or Asses in any such Allotment or Allotments, without raising and keeping up such protecting Fences as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any adjoining Allotment or Allotments from Time to Time to enter into the Allotment or Allotments where any Sheep, Lambs, or Asses shall be so turned in or kept as aforesaid, and from Time to Time to take, drive away, and impound the same as Cattle damage feasant.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies to be raised for the general Purposes of this Act, there shall be paid to the said Commissioner the Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, for each Day he shall be employed in travelling to and from and attending the Execution of this or the said first recited Act; and that as well the said Commissioner, as also all the Proprietors and other Persons whomsoever, shall pay their own Expences at all Meetings to be holden under the Authority of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That once at least in every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the passing of this Act) the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this or the said first recited Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by him laid before Two Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Cumberland, (not interested in such Inclosure) to be by them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justices stated in the Book or Books of Account to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioner; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioner (after having been enrolled in manner directed by the said first recited Act) shall be deposited in the Parish Church of Wigton aforesaid.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this or the said first recited Act, then and in every such Case (except in such Cases where the Determinations of the said Commissioner is hereby or by the said first recited Act declared to be final, binding and conclusive, or where an Issue at Law shall be had as herein-before mentioned), he or she may appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be holden for the County of Cumberland, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioner

49

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 3.

and to the Party or Parties concerned Fourteen Days previous Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices not interested in the Premises, in such Sessions assembled, are hereby required to hear and determine the Mattter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein and to award such Costs as to them shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant of Distress and Sale; and every Order and Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to and upon all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall and they are hereby required to award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them shall seem reasonable, and which Costs shall be levied in manner aforesaid; provided that the said Justices in their General Quarter Sessions shall not, by any Order or Orders on any Such Appeal, alter, impeach, prejudice, or disturb any Allotment or Allotments which shall have been before sold or conveyed by the said Commissioner under the Authority of this or the said first recited Act.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Saving the this Act contained shall be construed or adjudged to defeat, lessen or Llrd^the6 prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lord of the said Township Manor< or Quarter, his Heirs or Assigns, or any of the future Lord or Lords of the said Township for the Time being, of, in, and to the Piece of Water called the Tarn (with liberty nevertheless for the Tenants of the said Township to water their Cattle and wash Sheep at a Place to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioner), or of, in, and to the Coal, Lead,

Tin, Copper, and all other Quarries of Marble, Stone, or Slate, Minerals or Metals within and under the said Commons and Waste Grounds intended to be inclosed as aforesaid, or of, in, or to the Seigniories and Royalties, Franchises, and Liberties, incident and belonging to the said Township, but that the said Lord, and all and every Person and Persons claiming by, from, under, or in Trust for him as Lord of the said Township or Quarter, and all succeeding Lord and Lords and Owners thereof for the Time being, shall and may at all Times for ever hereafter have, hold, take, and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Piscaries, Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives,

Felons of themselves, and put in Exigent, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays,

Forfeitures, Escheats, and also free Liberty of hunting, hawking, fishing, and fowling, for the said Lord, his Heirs and Assigns, Lords of the said Township or Quarter of Oulton, his and their Gamekeepers and Servants, and all others duly licensed by him or them, in, over, and upon the customary Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be enfranchised as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, and all other Royalties, Liberties, Franchises,

Privileges, Pre-eminences, and Jurisdictions whatsoever, to the said Township or Quarter, or to the Lord or Lords for the Time being, incident,

[Private.'} % appertain-

50 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 3.

appertaining, or belonging, or which have been anciently used, exercised, and enjoyed by the Lord or Lords of the said Township ( except such as are expressly taken away by this -Act), as could or might be claimed by him or them as Owner or Owners of the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they could or might have held and enjoyed the same, in case this Act or the said first recited Act had not been passed; and that the said Lord, and all the future Lords and Owners of the said Township or Quarter for the Time being, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind soever, within or under the said Commons and Waste Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, as well those not opened as those already opened, and to have, enjoy, and be vested with all convenient and necessary Ways, Way leave, and Liberties of laying, making, and repairing Waggonways and other Ways in, over, and along the same or any Part thereof, and of search* ing for, winning, and working the said Mines and Quarries, and leading and carrying away the Coals, Lead, Tin, Copper, Stone, Lime, Slate, Metals, and Minerals to be gotten thereout, or out of any other of his, her, or their Lands or Grounds, and of making Pits, Shafts, and Pitrooms, Heaprooms, Drifts, Levels, and Watercourses, and erecting and using Fire and other Engines, Lime Kilns, and all and every other Matters and Things now in use, or hereafter to be invented for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, in, upon, through, over, or along the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, and ail other Powers, Privileges, and Authorities for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Lord or Lords of the said Township or Quarter for the Time being, or any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, shall, after such Inclosure made as aforesaid, win, work, and lead away any Coal, Lead, Tin, Copper, Stones, Lime, Slate, Metal, or Minerals, lying within or under any of the Allotments or Inclosures so to be made as aforesaid, or Lands and Tenements in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, then and in such Case such Person or Persons so winning, working, and leading away the same, or hunting upon the said Hereditaments, shall make full and reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of Ground occasioned thereby, or in the making or using Waggonways or other Ways, and any other Matters or Things, according to the Powers herein reserved or granted to the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, to the Person or Persons who shall be in possession of such Ground at the Time or Times of such Damage or Spoil.

I Cl -Jk • .-dl. \ J,

Allowing

XLVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may

LandOwners be lawful to and for the several Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tene-rialTfor their ments within the said Township and District to whom Allotments shall be own Use. made as aforesaid, their Heirs and Assigns, to dig for, take, and carry away, within, upon, from, or under their respective Allotments, Clay, Sand, Stones, and Gravel for the Improvement of their respective Lands or Grounds, or for any other Purpose or Purposes for which such Materials may be used, so as the same be used by them respectively within the

9 - said

Satisfaction to be made for Damages in working Mines, &c.

4° GEORGII IV. 3.

said Township or District, and so as the same be not sold or otherwise disposed of, and so as no Damage or Obstruction be thereby done or given to the working of any Mine or Mines, Colliery or Collieries, Pit or Pits, Quarry or Quarries, Delf or Delfs, Work or Works carrying on or to be carried on by the Lord or Lords of the said Township or District for the Time being, his or their Stewards, Agents, or Workmen respectively.

XLIX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Saving of Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, R,£hts* Executors, and Administrators, (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments or Compensation shall be made in pursuance of the said first recited Act or of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interest as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them or in Remainder after them), all such Right, Title, and Interest, as they, every or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed, in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, in case this Act had not been passed.

L. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Act to be several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized P*,nted by to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so pr^J^ing s printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 4.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving a certain Moor or Open Pasture called Hawdon Field, otherwise Frown Moor, in the Parish of Warden in the County of Northumberland.

[2d May 1823.]

WHEREAS the Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland is seised of or entitled to the Soil of a certain Moor or Open Pasture called Hawdon Field, otherwise Brown Moor, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, and all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries within and under the same; and which said Moor or Open Pasture contains by Admeasurement Five hundred and forty Acres One Rood and Thirty Perches; and the said Duke of Northumberland is also entitled to all Rights of Pasturage in and over the same, except such Rights of Pasturage as belong to other Persons, as herein-after mentioned: And whereas George Dodd of Pitland Hills, in the said County of Northumberland, Yeoman, as Owner of certain Lands and Grounds called Ridley's Close, adjoining the said Moor or Open Pasture on the East or Northeast Side thereof, is entitled, in respect of the said Lands and Grounds called Ridley's Close, to depasture Sixteen Stints on the same Moor or Open Pasture called Hawdon Field, otherwise Brown Moor, but has no farther or other Interest therein: And whereas [Private.0 an

54

4° GEORGII IV. Cap A.

an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late 41G. 3. C. 109. Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas an Act was passed in the First and Second c*23>G 4 Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law respecting the inclosing of Open Fields, Pastures, MoorSy CommonSy and Waste Lands in England: And whereas it would be advantageous to the Parties interested in the said Moor or Open Pasture if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, in the Manner herein-after mentioned; but inasmuch as the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Moor or Open Pasture shall, as soon as conveniently may be, be set out, divided, and allotted unto the said Duke of Northumberland and George Dodd, and such other Person or Persons (if any) as are or may be interested therein, according to Commission- their several and respective Rights and Interests, by William Bates ers. of Hallington ‘in the County of Northumberland, Gentleman, and

John Leighton of Broomhouses in the same County, Gentleman, who are hereby appointed Commissioners for that Purpose, and for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, and under and subject to the Directions herein contained, and to such of the Rules, Orders, Regulations, Restrictions, and Directions respectively contained in the said recited Acts, as are not repugnant to or varied, or controlled by, or otherwise provided for by this Act; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or either of them, or for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, to administer to the said Commissioners or either of them, the Oath or Affirmation directed by the said first recited Act to be taken by Commissioners.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners of future 1 hereby appointed, or either of them, shall die or shall neglect to act Commission- for the Space of Three Calendar Months, when Occasion shall require ers- their Attendance on the Business hereby committed to their Charge,

or shall refuse to act, or be rendered incapable of acting by Sickness or by any other Cause whatsoever, before the Powers and Authorities hereby and by the said herein-before recited Acts vested in them shall be carried into Execution, a new Commissioner or Commissioners shall and may be appointed and nominated in the Place or Places of him or them so dying, neglecting, or refusing to act, or rendered incapable as aforesaid, in Manner following; that is to say, in case the said William Bates shall die, neglect, or refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, the Owner of the Soil of the said Moor or Open Pasture, or the Guardian or Guardians of any Owner of the Soil of the said Moor or Open Pasture, being an Infant or Infants, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, for the Time being, shall and may, by any Instrument in Writing under his or her Hand, nominate and appoint a proper Person, not being beneficially interested in the

55

4° GEORGII IV.

said intended Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person so interested, to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said William Bates; and in case the said John Leighton shall die, neglect, or refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, the said George JDodd, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the said Lands and Grounds called Ridley*s Close, or his, her, or their Agent for the Time being, shall and may, by any Instrument in Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Person (not being beneficially interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person so interested,) to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said John Leighton; and in case of the Death of any Person to be hereafter nominated and appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, or of his Neglect or Refusal to act, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, the Person or Persons respectively by whom such Commissioner was nominated and appointed (their respective Heirs or Assigns,) shall in like manner nominate and appoint another Commissioner in his Room, and so from Time to Time, as often as any Vacancy shall happen by such Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity of every such new Commissioner or Commissioners so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid; and every Person who shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for putting this and the said recited Acts in Execution, as if he had been nominated and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act; which said several Instruments of Nomination and Appointment shall be inrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner, as in and by the said herein-before recited Acts or this Act is directed, concerning the Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Power to and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint appoint a a Clerk or Clerks to assist them in carrying this Act into Execution, c,erk-and from Time to Time to remove and appoint another or others, in his or their Room, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet; and to pay to such Clerk or Clerks all such fair and reasonable Charges and Disbursements as the said Commissioners shall judge right and proper.

IV. And for the Purpose of setting and determining any Difference Umpire to be or Dispute that may arise between the said Commissioners, touching appointed-or concerning any of the Matters or Things to be by them done and performed in pursuance of this Act, or of the said recited Acts, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, immediately after the taking and subscribing the Oath or Affirmation by the said first recited Act directed to be by them taken and subscribed, by Writing under their Hands, to choose, nominate, and appoint some fit, proper, and skilful Person (not interested in the said Lands and Grounds, and not being an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person so interested), who shall be willing and consent to act as Umpire; and such Umpire is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine any such Difference or Dispute as may arise between the said Commissioners, touching

any

56

Appointment of future Umpires.

Umpire to take an Oath.

Oath.

Surveys to be made.

4° GEORGII IV. CapA.

any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Inclosure, and the Judgment and Determination of the said Umpire therein shall be deemed and considered to be the Judgment and Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall be final and conclusive upon the said Commissioners, and upon all other Persons concerned in the said Division and Inclosure, so far as the Acts of the said Commissioners are by this Act, or by the said recited Acts, made final and conclusive.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Person so nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners or Umpire shall die or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid, then and in any such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to nominate and appoint one other fit and proper Person to act as Umpire in the Room or Stead of the Person so dying, refusing to act, or becoming incapable of acting, and so from Time to Time as often as any Person so nominated and appointed an Umpire shall die or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting; and in case any such Umpire shall neglect to settle and determine any Difference or Dispute within Thirty Days after the same shall have been referred to him by the said Commissioners, such Neglect shall be and be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act as Umpire, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath or Affirmation following; (that is to say,)

c j A.B. do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do

< 1 solemnly affirm,] That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly,

< according to the best of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform

« the Powers and Authorities reposed in me as Umpire, by virtue of c an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty ‘ King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of this Acf], ‘ according to Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour or ‘ AffectioU, Prejudice or Partiality. So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for either of the said Commissioners to administer, who is hereby required to administer the same; and such Oath or Affirmation, when so taken and subscribed by such Umpire, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That true and exact Surveys and Admeasurements shall be taken, and fair Plans made, of the said Moor or Open Pasture so intended to be divided and allotted, if the said Commissioners for the Time being shall not be satisfied with the Map or Survey made at the Time of passing this Act, some Time before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, or as soon after as conveniently may be, by Thomas Bell of the Town and County of Newcastle-upo?i-Tyne, Land Surveyor, or in case of the Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity by Sickness, or any other Cause whatsoever, of the said Thomas Belly for the Space

57

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 4.

of Three Calendar Months, when Occasion shall require his Attendance on the Business of taking and making such Surveys or Admeasurements and Plans, then the same shall be made and taken by such other fit and proper Person, being an experienced Surveyor of Lands (not beneficially interested in the said Division, nor an Agent to any Person so interested), as the Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being shall by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands from Time to Time nominate and appoint.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Surveyor to or Persons shall be capable of acting as Surveyor as aforesaid, until take an Oath: he shall have taken and subscribed before the said Commissioners, or one of them, an Oath or Affirmation in the Form following; (that is to say,)

‘ t A.B. do swear, [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do Oath. c solemnly affirm,] That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly ‘ act according to the best of my Skill and Judgment in surveying f and admeasuring the Moor or Open Pasture intended to be divided ‘ and inclosed by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled, {here insert ‘ the Title of this Act,] and in making true Maps or Plans thereof, to ‘ be laid before the Commissioners for putting the said Act into Exe-‘ cution. So help me GOD.*

Which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or either of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to administer when and as often as Occasion shall require; which Oath, and also the Instrument or Instruments of Appointment of any new Surveyor, shall be respectively enrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner, as by the said first-recited Act or this Act is directed concerning the Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

Allowance to Commission-

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Umpire shall be paid or allowed, by the Parties interested in the said Division, the Sum of Three Guineas each (and no more) for every ers> Umpire, Day they shall attend and be employed at any Meeting or Meetings, and Survey°l or going to or returning from thence, or otherwise howsoever, in executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given to them, including their Expences; and the Surveyor shall be paid such Sum or Sums of Money for Plans, Maps, Surveys, and Attendances, as are usually paid on the Division of Commons.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Notice of and they are hereby required to cause Public Notice to be given upon Meeting^ some Sunday before Divine Service, by Writing to be affixed on the principal Outer Door of the Parish Church of Warden aforesaid, of the Time and Place of their First and every other Attendance for the Execution of this Act, at least Ten Days before any such Meeting shall be holden, (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and the said Commissioners shall and may adjourn any such Meeting from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, for the further and due Execution of this Act; and all the Attendances of the said Commis-[Privatef] p sioners

58

Commissioners to settle Disputes:

But not to

determine

Titles.

Commissioners to assess Costs.

Power to try disputed Claims at Law.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap A.

sioners shall be held within the said Parish of Warden, or within Eight Miles of the Boundary thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, touching or concerning the Rights, Interests, Shares, and Proportions which they or any of them shall have or claim to have of and in the said Moor or Open Pasture hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division an4 Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to examine into, hear, and determine the same : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine the Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of such Parties; but in case the said Commissioners shall be of opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Possession shall have been given up by such Person or Persons, or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment, or other due Course of Law.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered, at their Discretion, upon Request made to them by the Party or Parties in whose Favour they shall make their Award or Determination, to order and adjudge such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, for the Use and Benefit of such Party or Parties, upon or against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, Complaint or Complaints, shall be thereby disallowed (as the Case shall happen), and by Warrant under the Hands of the said Commissioners to levy such Costs and Charges by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such last-mentioned Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and in case there shall be no Goods and Chattels whereby to levy the same, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose favour such Costs shall be awarded, to recover the same by Action or Actions of Debt or on the Case, in which it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff’ to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum specified in the Order of Adjudication made by the said Commissioners, in consequence of such Order of Adjudication, without setting forth any other Proceedings therein had.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to any Right of Common of Pasture, or other Right or Interest in, over, or upon the said Moor or Open Pasture herein directed to be

io divided

59

4° GEORGII IV. CapA.

divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, or any Objection or Objections to such Claim or Claims, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so dissatisfied, within Three Calendar Months after such Determination shall be made and notified in Writing to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their known Agent or Attorney, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions at Law, in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose favour such Determination shall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted upon, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the same), and may be tried at the then next or the following Assizes for the County of Northumberland after the Commencement of such Action; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, unless the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners or Umpire shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials : Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching such Claim or Claims, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Moor or Open Pasture hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to in due Time, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought within the Time before limited, or not proceeding therein as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive on all Parties.

XIV. Provided also, That if any of the Parties in any such Action Actions not to be brought as aforesaid, shall die pending the same, such Action to abate by shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no paerat^sof such Death had happened.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person How to be or Persons in whose favour any such Determination of such Commis- brought after sioners or Umpire as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom a 1>arty dies, any such Action might have been brought if living, shall die before

any such Action shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing such Action, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who might have brought such Action against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the same, within the Time so limited as

aforesaid,

60 4° GEORGII IV. Cap A.

aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk to the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties so dying might have been served therewith if living; and it shall be thereupon incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living, and the Bights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action.

Saits not to

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be

Execution of comnienced or prosecuted, touching or concerning the Title of any

thh Act n ° Person m or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, for or in respect of which any Right or Interest in, over, or upon the said Moor or Open Pasture hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, shall be claimed, such Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder the Commissioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act, or the said recited Acts; but the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Suit or Suits, and the Allotment and Allotments may be had and taken by the Person or Persons who, upon the Determination of such Suit or Suits, shall become entitled to the same.

The Death of Persons not, to hinder the Commissioners from pro-ceedingin the Inclosure.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and IncJosure, shall die before the same shall be completed, the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the said Commissioners shall not be thereby determined, but the said Commissioners shall proceed in the Execution of the Powers given to them by this Act, or the said recited Acts, in such Manner as they might have done in case such Person or Persons had not died, and the Share or Shares of the Party or Parties so dying shall be allotted to the Person or Persons who shall by Law become entitled to the same, and shall be accepted and fenced by him, her, or them, according to the Directions of this Act, or the said recited Acts, and he, she, or they shall be liable to the Charges and Expences, and other Conditions of this Act and the said recited Acts.

Allotment for

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Panunfe sha^ anc^ ^iey are hereby required, in the first Place, to set out, allot, and appoint to the Person and Persons, other than the Owner of the Soil of the said Moor or Open Pasture, having Right of Pasturage upon the said Moor or Open Pasture called Hawdon Field, otherwise Brown Moor respectively, so much and such Part and Parts of the same Moor or Open Pasture as shall be a fair Compensation and Satisfaction for their respective Rights and Interests thereon.

Allotment of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall the Residue, and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to set out, allot, and appoint all the Residue of the said Moor or Open Pasture to the

Owner

4° GEORGII IV. Cap A. H

Owner of the Soil thereof, in lieu and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for his or her Right and Interest in the Soil and Pasturage of the whole of the said Moor or Open Pasture, and also for his or her Consent to the Division and Inclosure thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall ?xtl^UKSh*of and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to pP°stu!age* 0 be published as aforesaid, to appoint the Day or Time when all Rights

of Pasturage and of all other Rights in and over the said Moor or Open Pasture intended by this Act to be divided and inclosed shall cease and be extinguished, and such Rights shall from and after such Publication cease and be for ever extinguished; and also the said Commissioners shall and may, by any Writing to be published as aforesaid, make such Order and Regulations for preventing any Person from committing Waste or Destruction upon any Part of the said Moor or Open Pasture, in the mean time and until the Division thereof shall be effected and the Allotments made, as to the said Commissioners shall seem expedient, all which Directions, Orders, and Regulations of the said Commissioners shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties claiming to be interested; and the said Commissioners shall set and impose such Penalties or Forfeitures on Persons not conforming thereto, not exceeding Five Pounds on any one Person for one Offence, as they shall think necessary; which Penalties or Forfeitures shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and for such Uses and Purposes as the said Commissioners, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, or by their Award, shall order or appoint; and if Default shall be made in Payment, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, and he is hereby authorized and required, by any Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, together with reasonable Costs, rendering the Overplus (if any), on Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to di-said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, in case they ver^rJk°p shall think proper, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices up s of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Northumberland,

in the Manner and subject to Appeal as in the said first-recited Act is mentioned, and also subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions mentioned in an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend 55G.3. c. 68. an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, in so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a Public Highway, and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the stopping of unnecessary Roads, to stop up, divert, or turn any old or accustomed Road or Roads, Way or Ways, Path or Paths, Track or Tracks, passing or leading through and over the said Moor or Open Pasture; and that every such Road or Footway as shall be so stopped up, altered, diverted, discontinued, or changed, shall be deemed Part of the Lands to be divided and allotted pursuant to this Act, and shall be divided [Private.G and

62 4° GEORGII IV.

and allotted accordingly as Part thereof: Provided always, that none of the present Roads, Ways, Paths, or Tracks leading through and over the said Moor or Open Pasture shall be shut up or discontinued, until the several Roads and Ways intended to be and remain Public Roads or Highways shall be set out in Manner by the said first-recited Act directed, and until the same shall be properly fenced and . made safe and convenient for the Passage of Horses, Cattle, and Carriages.

to Allot"S d'

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

ments° " said Commissioners to give such Directions, either by their Award, or any Writing under their Hands, respecting the Allotments upon the said Moor or Open Pasture, as they shall think proper, and such Directions shall be observed and carried into execution.

Settlements,

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing &c. not to be in this Act contained shall extend or be construed, deemed, adjudged, or taken to make void, or in any wise affect any Grant, Assurance, Limitation ot Use, Declaration of Trust, or any Deed, Settlement, or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, Rent, Incumbrance, or other Claim or Demand out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands or Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed; but that the Lands and Grounds so to be allotted shall, immediately after such Allotments are made as aforesaid, respectively be, remain, and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the Persons to whom the same shall be allotted shall from thenceforth stand and be seised and possessed thereof respectively, to such and the same Uses, Trusts, Estates, and Purposes, and subject to such and the same Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Provisoes, Reversions, Remainders, Powers, Remedies, Leases, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made or taken as aforesaid, are now limited, or shall be subject and liable to at the Time of such Division and Allotment.

Expences of

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences the Act. of soliciting, obtaining, and passing this Act, and of surveying, planning, and measuring, dividing and allotting the said Moor or Open Pasture, and of making Highways or Roads, and of all other the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the Execution of this and the said recited Acts, and not herein otherwise directed to be paid, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the said Moor or Open Pasture shall be respectively made, his, her, or their Heirs, in proportion to the real Value of their respective Allotments so to be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners; and the several and respective Shares and Proportions of all such Fees, Payments, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, shall be payable and paid by such Persons respectively, to such Person or Persons, at such Time or Times, as shall by the said Commissioners, either before or after the Execution of their Award as aforesaid, be ordered, directed and appointed, in Writing under their Hands respectively, Twenty Days before the Time appointed for

such

4° GEORGII IV. 4. «3

such Payment; and in case such Persons so directed to make such Payments shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of such Charges and Expences, or any Part thereof, within the Time to be limited by the said Commissioners, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be levied and recovered in manner directed by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Parties Proprietors, interested in the Division intended to be hereby made, their Attor- P*y nies, Solicitors, and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when Expences at they shall attend the said Commissioners at any of the Meetings to be Meetings, holden in pursuance of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Tenants^for to and for any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and to and for borrow^ any Person to whom any Allotment shall be made by virtue of this Money.

Act, being a Tenant for Life or in Tail, and also to and for the Husband, Guardian, Committee, Trustee, Attornies or Agents of the said Persons interested as shall be under Coverture, Minor, Lunatic, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for himself or herself for the Time being, or for the said Commissioners, (in case the said Parties interested in the Division intended to be hereby made shall refuse or neglect), by Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time to charge the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted and assigned to him or her by virtue of this Act, with such Sum or Sums of Money, to be applied for the Purposes before mentioned (and for no other), as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, not exceeding Five Pounds for each Acre of the Lands and Grounds so to be allotted; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money with Interest, the Person borrowing the same respectively may, by Indenture or other Deed under his or her Hand and Seal, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, grant, mortgage, demise, and assure the said Lands and Grounds intended to be divided and allotted as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term or Number of Years, or otherwise, unto or in trust for such Person or Persons as shall advance and lend such Money; so as every such Grant, Mortgage, Demise, or other Security, shall be made with a Proviso or Condition for Re-entry, or to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be assigned, surrendered, or re-conveyed, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied, and do also contain a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest of the Money thereby secured during his, her, or their respective Lives, so that no Person afterwards becoming possessed of any such Lands or Grounds shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession shall have commenced; and that every Grant, Mortgage, or Demise so to be made, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the General Award to be Award to be made by the said Commissioners, pursuant to the Directions of the deposited

said with the

64

Clerk of the

Peace for Northumberland.

Commissioners Accounts to be audited by a Justice of the Peace.

General

Appeal.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap A.

said first-recited Act and this Act, and such Plans or Surveys as may be annexed thereto, shall be lodged and deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, to remain with the Records of the Court of General Quarter Sessions there, to the end that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person interested in the said Division; which said Award and Plans, and every other Award and Instrument to be lodged with the said Award, shall and may be inspected at all seasonable Times, upon reasonable Notice of the Party requiring such Inspection.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That once at least in every Year during the Execution of this Act, (such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing of this Act) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a just and true Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement and Account, wrhen so made out, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, (not interested in the Inclosure) to be by him examined and balanced; and such Balance shall by such Justice be stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done or omitted to be done in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act (other than and except such Acts, Orders, and Determinations of the said Commissioners or Umpire as in and by this and the said recited Acts are directed to be binding and conclusive, or where an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned), he, she, or they may appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hoi den for the said County of Northumberland within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Thirty Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices, not interested in the Premises, in their said General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such

5 r Costs

65

4° GEORGII IV.

Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in manner aforesaid.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, and Interest of the Owner of the Soil of the said Moor or Open Pasture hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, his or her Heirs and Assigns, of, in, and to all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind soever, lying or being within or under the said Moor or Open Pasture hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner to all Intents and Purposes as he or she could or might have held and enjoyed the same if this Act had not been passed; and that the Owner of the Soil of the said Moor or Open Pasture, his or her Heirs and Assigns, and bis or her Tenants and Lessees, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, win, work, and enjoy exclusively all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind soever, within and under the said Moor or Open Pasture hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and within and under every Part thereof respectively, and the Allotments thereof in pursuance of this Act, together with all convenient Ways and Wayleaves, and also Liberty of making and repairing Waggon Ways and other Ways in, through, over, and along the same, or any Part thereof and also for searching for, winning, and working the said Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and leading and carrying away the Lead Ore, Lead, Coals, Stones, Fossils, and other Things to be gotten thereout, or out of any other Mines, Minerals, Quarries, or Collieries belonging to the Owner of the Soil of the said Moor or Open Pasture, his or her Heirs or Assigns, and of making Pits, Shafts, and Sumps, Pit Rooms and Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, and Watercourses, and of repairing, amending, and upholding the same, and of erecting, building, and using Houses, Drawkilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire-Engines and other Engines, Mills, and other Erections and Buildings, and of altering, changing, and pulling down and carrying away the same, or all or any of the Materials thereof, at their free Will and Pleasure, and to do, execute, and perform all such other Works, Acts, Deeds, Matters and Things, either now in use or hereafter to be invented, as shall or may be necessary or convenient for the full and complete Working, Use, and Enjoyment of such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries hereby reserved, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as they might or could have done in case this Act had not been passed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Owner of the Soil of the said M oor or Open Pasture hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, his or her Heirs, or any Person or Persons claiming under him, her, or them, shall, after such Inclosure and Allotment made as aforesaid, search for, win, or work any Mine or Mines, Minerals or Quarries, lying and being within and under any of the Allotments or Inclosures to be made as aforesaid, or lead or carry away the Produce of or from any such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, then and in such case the said Owner of the Soil of the said Moor or Open Pasture,

[Private.] y his

Saving the Rights of the Owner of the Soil.

Compensation for Damages in working Mines.

General

Saving.

4° GEORGII IV. CapA.

Ins or her Heirs or Assigns, or 6uch Person or Persons so claiming under him, her. or them, shall make a reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of Ground occasioned thereby, or by the erecting or building any Houses, Drawkilns, Erections, Buildings. Fire Engines or other Engines, Mills, or other Erections, or by the altering, changing, repairing, amending, rebuilding, pulling down or carrying away the same, or any of the Materials thereof as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who shall be in Possession of such Grounds at the Time or Times of such Damage or Spoil.

XXXII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, (other than and except the Owner of the Soil of the said Moor or Open Pasture, and the other Person or Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Right or Interest for which such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns), all such Estates, Rights, Titles, and Interests, as they, every or any of them, had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the Moor or Open Pasture hereby directed to be divided and allotted before the passing of this Act, or could or might or ought to have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been passed.

Evidence

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed Clause. by the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appropriating the Commons, Waste Grounds and Mosses, within the Manor or Township of Egton with Newland, in the Parish of Ulverston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[12th 1823.]

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appropri- 42G.3. c. 41, ating the Commons, Waste Grounds and Mosses within the Manor or Township of Egton-with-NewIand, in the Parish of Ulverston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, the Commissioners thereby appointed for carrying the said Act into execution were by the said Act authorized and empowered to sell the Herbage of several Parcels of Peat Moss, marked or meered out, and the Soil beneath the same, and the Encroachments which they should find to have been made on the Commons, Waste Grounds and Mosses within Twenty Years then last past (except as in the said Act is excepted), and also such Parts and Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as, together with the Herbage of the said Parcels of Peat Moss and Soil beneath the same, and the said Encroachments,

Private.] e would

70

41 G. 3. C. 109.

Former Act to be in force.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 5.

would in the Judgment of the said Commissioners produce by such Sales Money sufficient to defray the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing the said recited Act, and of effectuating the said Inclosure, and other the Purposes in the said recited Act particularly mentioned j and if there should be any Surplus of the said Money, such Surplus should be applied in Manner directed by an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the said Commissioners have sold several Parcels of Peat Moss, Encroachments, and Common and Waste Grounds, as authorized and empowered by the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and have received divers Sums of Money in Payment of the same : And whereas the said Commissioners have completed the Division and Inclosure of the said Commons, Waste Grounds and Mosses, and effectually completed all and every Matter and Thing ordered or directed, or necessary or requisite to be done under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and made up an Account of all Monies by them received and expended in the Execution of the said last-mentioned Act; by which there appears to be in the Hands of the said Commissioners a Balance or Surplus Sum of Money, amounting to Two thousand seven hundred Pounds, or thereabouts: And whereas by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, it is directed that the Balance of the Money received by the Commissioners upon the final Settlement of Accounts should be immediately repaid to the Land Owners, in proportion to the Sums respectively paid by them : And whereas the Land Owners interested in the said Inclosure have not paid any Sum or Sums of Money for or on account of the Charges or Expences mentioned in the said Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or in any way relating to the said Inclosure : And whereas by the Sale of such Lands the several Allotments to be made by the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty were proportionably decreased; it is therefore just and equitable that the said Surplus Money should be divided amongst the several Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure, in proportion to their respective Rights and Interests therein; but as the same cannot be effectuated without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters and Things whatsoever therein contained, and the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and all and every the Powers and Provisions therein contained (save and except such as are varied, altered, or repealed by, or as are repugnant to the Powers and Provisions of the said first-recited Act) shall be and the same is and are hereby declared to be in as full Force and Effect, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act

io . into

71

4° GEORGII IV. 5.

into Execution, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Persons and Bodies Corporate or Politic, who shall have or claim any Right or Interest to or in any Part or Share in the said Surplus Money, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners appointed lor the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or to the surviving Commissioners or Commissioner, at some Meeting to be appointed by such Commissioners or Commissioner for the Purpose, of which Ten Days Notice shall be given, as directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or within such further Time, if any, as such Commissioners or Commissioner shall for some special reason think proper to allow for that Purpose, an Account or Description in Writing, signed by them or their respective Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Agents, of such their respective Rights or Interests, and also in what Rights and for what Estates and Interests they claim the same respectively; or on Non-compliance therewith, every of them making default therein shall, as far only as respects any Claim so neglected to be delivered, be totally barred and excluded of and from all Right and Interest in or to the said Surplus Money, and of and from all Benefit and Advantage in or to any Share or Part thereof; all which said Claims or Accounts shall at all seasonable Times, until after the Division of the said Surplus Money, be open to the Inspection and Perusal of all Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the Premises, their respective Agents or Attornies, who may take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom respectively; and if any Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, interested or claiming to be interested in the Premises, shall have any Objection to offer to any such Account or Claim, the Particulars of such Objection shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by them or their respective Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Agents, and shall be delivered to such Commissioners or Commissioner at or before some other Meeting of such Commissioners or Commissioner, to be by them or him appointed for that Purpose; and no such Objection shall afterwards be received, unless for some legal Disability or special Cause, to be allowed by such Commissioners or Commissioner.

Claimants of Rights in Surplus Money to deliver to the Commissioners Accounts of Particulars, or shall be excluded; which Claims may be inspected, and Copies taken.

Objections to Claims to be delivered to the Commissioners at or before the Meeting appointed for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference or Dispute shall commis-arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in sioners to the said Surplus Money, touching or concerning the Right thereto, or to se.ule any Part thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Rights and In- D,sPutes* terests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the same, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and is hereby authorized to examine into, hear, and determine the same; and their or his Determination therein shall be binding and conclusive, save and except as herein-after mentioned.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case there shall pointmernof be only Two surviving Commissioners, and any Difference shall arise between an Umpire such Commissioners touching or concerning any Matter or Thing to be in case there done by them by virtue or in execution of this Act, such Commissioners shall from Time to Time, when and so often as any Difference of ^ving com_

Opinion missioners.

72 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 5.

Opinion shall arise, by Writing under their Hands, appoint some fit and proper Person (not interested in the Premises, nor being the Attorney or Agent of any Person so interested) to be an Umpire between them; and the Matter upon which such Difference of Opinion shall or may arise shall be referred to and shall be settled and determined by such Umpire, whose Determination shall be made in Writing, and shall be binding and conclusive upon such Commissioners, and shall be deemed and taken to be the Determination of such Commissioners; and such Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and for the Purposes aforesaid (but not for any other Purpose) such Umpire shall have and he is hereby vested with the same Powers and Authorities as by the said recited Acts and this Act are given to or vested in such Corn-Umpire to missioners: Provided also, that no Person shall be capable of acting as take an Oath, an Umpire in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath or Affirmation, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

q ‘ T do swear, [or, being One of the People called

‘ *■" Quakers, do solemnly affirm], That I will faithfully, impartially, and ‘ honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and c perform the several Powers and Authorities vested and reposed in me 4 as an Umpire, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here insert the

* Title of this Act] according to Equity and good Conscience, and without

* Partiality, Favour, or Affection, Prejudice, or Malice to any Person or Persons whomsoever. So help me GOD.’

‘ [Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words ‘ So help me God/]

Which Oath or Affirmation such Commissioners, or either of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer; and such Oath or Affirmation, and also the Writing appointing such Umpire, and also every such Determination of such Umpire, shall be annexed to the Award of such Commissioners.

Power to V. And be it further enacted, That in case such Commissioners or

assess Costs. Commissioner shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them or him in pursuance of this Act, see cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and is hereby empowered, upon Application made to them or him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they or he shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of such Commissioners or Commissioner or Umpire shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so

distrained

4U GEORGII IV. Cap. 5.

distrained and sold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said Surplus Money, or any Part thereof, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of such Commissioners or Commissioner, or Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to any Rights or Interests in or to the said Surplus Money, or any Part thereof, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so dissatisfied with the Determination of such Commissioners or Commissioner or Umpire, to cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, and within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of such Commissioners or Commissioner or Umpire shall have been notified in Writing to the Party or Parties against whom such Determination shall have been so made, or to his, her, or their known Agent or Attorney; and the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so dissatisfied as aforesaid, shall proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters so determined by such Commissioners or Commissioner or Umpire, at the then next Assizes to be holden for the said County of Lancaster, or at the Assizes next following the said then next Assizes to be holden for the same County, after such Action or Actions shall have been commenced; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file Common Bail, or appear thereto and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims and the Right or Rights thereby insisted on may be tried and determined, such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the same-, and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had thereon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do if the said Court shall think proper; and each and every of the Parties in such Action or Actions, for whom or in whose Favour the same shall be determined, shall be entitled to his, her, or their Costs of Suit against the others or other of them, to be taxed by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be brought; and after such Verdict or Verdicts, Judgment or Judgments, shall be obtained and not set aside by the Court, such Commissioners or Commissioner shall, and they and he are and is hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials : Provided always, that all such Determinations of such Commissioners or Commissioner as aforesaid, which shall not be objected to, or which being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting shall not cause such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties whomsoever.

[Private.'] / VII. Pro-

73

Allowing Parties to try their Rights by an Issue at Law.

Determinations of Commissioners not objected against to ba final.

74

In case of Death of Parties before Actions brought, the same to be carried on and defended in their Names.

Actions brought not to abate by Death of Parties.

For paying Expences of the Act.

Remainder of Surplus Money to be divided among Persons interested.

4° GEORGII IV.

VII. P-ovided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any Action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall be brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, it shall be lawful for the Party or Parties determined against and dissatisfied (the Notice in that respect herein-before required to be given having been duly given), to bring such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, within such limited Time as aforesaid, as if he, she, or they was or were actually living, and to serve the Clerk to such Commissioners or Commissioner with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the deceased Person or Persons might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Process shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights and Interests of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any or either of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the same, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened, and the Rights and Interests of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners or Commissioner shall, and they and he are and is hereby directed and required, from and out of the said Surplus Money, in the First Place to pay and defray the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, with lawful Interest for any Money advanced or to be advanced for the Purpose, and in the next Place all other the Costs, Charges, and Expences of them or him such Commissioners or Commissioner, Umpire, Clerks, Agents or Attornies, in carrying the same into Execution.

X. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the said several Claims shall have been settled and determined in manner herein mentioned, such Commissioners or Commissioner shall, and they and he are and is hereby directed and required to divide and pay over the Remainder of the said Surplus Money unto and amongst the several Persons entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, and the Receipts of the several and respective Persons to whom such Commissioners or Commissioner or Umpire shall in manner aforesaid adjudge the same to belong, or their Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, shall be good, sufficient, and effectual Releases and Discharges to such Commissioners and Commissioner for the Money paid to them respectively, and be sufficient Releases and Release to such Commissioners and Commissioner, each and every of them, of, for, from, and against any Claim or Demand of any Person or Persons whomsoever, of, in, to, for, or in respect of such Surplus Money, or any Part or Parts

i o thereof

75

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 5.

thereof respectively, any Clause, Matter, or Thing contained in the said recited Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all such Receipts, together with the Account of the Claims, Rights, and Interests of the said several Persons entitled as aforesaid, shall be kept and deposited with the Clerk of such Commissioners or Commissioner; and the same are hereby declared to be good Evidence for such Commissioners and Commissioner, or any of them, against all Persons whomsoever, in all or any Court or Courts of Law or Equity.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application

shall be paid, or adjudged or determined to be paid, by virtue of this Act, ^ca-

by such Commissioners or Commissioner, to any Body or Bodies Politic, pacitatedPer-Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor or Admi- sonsamount-nistrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or in re- ing to 200/* spect of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, Feme Covert, or any Cestuique Trust,

or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Manor for Township of Egion with Newland are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be invested in the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled upon and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, and Limitations, as the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in right whereof such Money shall be so paid or adjudged, or determined to be paid, were settled, limited, or assured; and in the meantime and until such Purchase can be made, such Money shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte such Commissioners or Commissioner, without Fee or Reward, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would be entitled to the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased with such Money, in or towards the Discharge of any Debts or Incumbrances affecting the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in right whereof such Money shall be so paid, or adjudged or determined to be paid, or until the same shall upon the like Application in a summary way be laid out, by Order of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; and in the meantime and until such Order can be made, such Money may, by Order of the said Court, be laid out in some of the Public Funds or on Government or Real Securities, and the Dividends or Interest arising therefrom shall, by Order of the said Court, be paid to such Person or Persons as would for the Time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased, conveyed, or settled.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Money if iess than shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or 2001. and amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in every such case the not exceed-same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being lng 20*‘ entitled thereto, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Lunacy, Disability, or other

Incapacity,

76

If less than 201.

Act to be printed by the King’s Printer.

4° GEORGII IV. 5.

Incapacity, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be apptied in the Manner before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by such Commissioners or Commissioner (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in such case the same shall be paid to the Use of the Person or Persons who such Commissioners or Commissioner shall adjudge to be entitled thereto, in such Manner as such Commissioners or Commissioner shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Lunacy, or other Disability or Incapacity, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, to or for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[12th May 1823.]

r HERE AS there are within the Parish of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York, several Open and Common Fields, Balks, Commons and Waste Lands, computed to contain in the whole One thousand nine hundred and twenty Acres or thereabouts: And whereas David Burton Fowler Esquire is Lord of the Manor of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton aforesaid, of which Manor certain Parts of the Lands in the said Parish are holden by Copy of Court Roll, and as such Lord the said David Burton Fowler is also seised of or entitled to the Soil of such Parts of the Balks, Commons and Wastes within the said Parish as are situate within the Limits of that Manor: And whereas William Beverley Esquire is Lord of the Manor of Beverley Chapter, of which Manor other Parts of the Lands within the said Parish are holden by Copy of Court Roll, and as such Lord the said William Beverley is also seised of or entitled to the Soil of such Parts of the Balks, Commons, and Wastes within the said Parish as are situate within the Limits of the said Manor of jBeverley Chapter And whereas the Right Honourable George O'Brien Earl of Egre-monty the said David Burton Fowlerf and several other Persons, are Proprietors of the Lands in the said Open and Common Fields, and entitled to Rights of Common in the said Balks, Commons, and \_Private.~\ u Wastes:

/ 8

41 G. 3. c. 109.

2 G. 4. c. 23.

Commissioners.

Two Commissioners may act.

Appointment of new Commissioners.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 6.

Wastes: Aiul whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas an Act was passed in the Second YTear of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Law respecting the inclosing of Open Fields, Pastures, Moors, Commons and Waste Lands in England : And whereas the Lands of the respective Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and the Cultivation and Management thereof in their present State is inconvenient, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors and Persons interested, if the said Open and Common Fields, Balks, Commons and Wastes were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the said several Proprietors and Persons interested, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests; but such beneficial Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Hall of Scarborough in the County of Yon1*, Gentleman, John Lee of Leckonf eld Parks in the said County, Gentleman, and Cornelius Collett of Beverley in the said County, Gentleman, and their Successors to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed the Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Balks, Commons and Wastes within the Parish of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton aforesaid, and for carrying the several other Purposes of this Act into Execution, with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Clauses and Regulations of the said recited Acts as are not varied or altered or otherwise provided for by this Act.

II. Andbeitfurther enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Thingsdone by any Two of the said Commissioners, at any Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners to be held in pursuance and execution of the Provisions and Directions herein contained, shall to all Intents and Purposes be binding and conclusive, and equally valid and effectual as if the same were transacted by all the said Commissioners : Provided nevertheless, that all the said Commissioners shall be present at the Time of making the Valuation, Division, and Allotment under or by virtue of this or the said first recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any One of them, the said John Hall, John Lee, and Cornelius Collett, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him, die, refuse, neglect or become incapacitated to act, then and in every such Case William Pilldngton of Thorne in the said County, Gentleman, shall be, and he is hereby appointed a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of such One of them the said John Hall, John Lee, and Cornelius Collett, as shall first die, refuse, neglect or become

incapacitated

79

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 6.

incapacitated to act; and if either of the Survivors of them the said John Hall, John Lee, and Cornelius Collett, or if the said William Filkington shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby and by the said first recited Act vested in him, die, refuse, neglect or become incapacitated to act, then and in every such Case John Bower of Smeathalls in the said County, Gentleman, shall be, and he is hereby appointed a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of such One of the surviving Commissioners and the said William Filkington, as shall next die, refuse, neglect or become incapacitated to act; and each of them, the said William Filkington and John Bower, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this and the said recited Acts into Execution in all respects whatsoever, as the Commissioner or Commissioners whose Place or Places he or they shall supply was or were vested with by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Power to ap and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a Clerk Pin^ a or Clerks, and from Time to Time to remove, and to appoint another L er or others in his or their Room, as to them the said Commissioners shall seem meet.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, Appoint-and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time ment of and at all Times after the passing of this Act, as they shall see Survey°r* necessary or as Occasion shall require, to nominate and appoint One or more fit and proper Person or fit and proper Persons to be a Surveyor or Surveyors for making all such Surveys, Admeasurements, or Plans, and reducing the same into Writing, and specifying and setting forth such Particulars as are in that Behalf directed under or by virtue of the said first recited Act and this Act, or any other Particulars which the said Commissioners may direct or require.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Surveyor to shall be capable of acting as a Surveyor in the Execution of this and take an the said recited Acts, until he shall have taken and subscribed 0atl1, an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

4 J do swear, [or being one of Surveyor’s

the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm,] That I will Oath.

faithfully, impartially, and honestly do, execute, and perform the several Duties incumbent upon me as Surveyor by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the 4 Fourth, intituled An Act, &c. [here insert the Title of this ActJ\

according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality to any Person or Persons whomsoever. So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners or any One of them, or any Justice of the Peace of the said East Riding, are or is hereby empowered and required to administer; and the said Oath or

Affirmation

80

Notice of Meetings.

Proprietors and Agents to pay their own Expences at Meetings.

Notices, how to be given.

Commissioners to settle Disputes.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 6.

Affirmation when so taken and subscribed by such Surveyor for the Time being, shall be annexed to and enrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to give or cause Notice to be given in the Newspapers called the Hull Advertiser and the Yorkshire Gazette, or one of them, or in some other Newspaper printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton aforesaid, and also in the Parish Church of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton aforesaid, upon some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by a Writing to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Parish Church o¥ North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton aforesaid, of the Time and Place of their first and every subsequent Meeting for executing the Powers hereby and by the said recited Acts vested in them, at least Ten Days before any such Meeting shall be held (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); so that such Place of Meeting, whether by Adjournment or otherwise, do not exceed the Distance of Eight Miles from the Parish Church of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall and may adjourn themselves from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, for the Execution of this and the said recited Acts.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners shall be so made and given by Advertisement, to be inserted in the said Newspapers called the Hull Advertiser and Yorkshire Gazette, or one of them, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Shares, Rights, or Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have oft in, or to the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or touching or concerning the respective Shares or Allotments which they or any of them ought to have of or in the same, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the same : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever.

81

4 GEORGII IV. Cap. 6.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Persons in Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable the nQtSbtQS8^n said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties, con- moiested trary to the Possession of any of such Parties (except in Cases of En- without due croachments made within the Period of Twenty Years); but in case Course of the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion against the Right of the aw*

Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given

up by or taken from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners Power to shall, on the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, assess Costs. Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this

or the said recited Acts, see Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, on Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in wrhose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Allowing Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Parties to try interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division or Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon, or out of the Lands or Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, or inclosed, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Objection or Objections to such Claim or Claims, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate so dissatisfied, to cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose Favour any such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioners shall have been notified in Writing to the Party or Parties against whom .such Determination shall have been so made, or to his, her, or their [Private.~\ x known

82 4° GEORGII IV.

known Agent or Attorney; and thereupon the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate so dissatisfied, shall proceed to a Trial at Law at the then next or the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of York, after such Action or Actions shall have been commenced; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file common Bail, and accept of One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims and the Right or Rights thereby insisted on may be tried and determined, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the same); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials : Provided always, that if no such Action at Law shall be commenced as aforesaid, or if any such Action shall be commenced, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall not proceed to Trial within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpose, then the Determination of the said Commissioners shall be binding, final, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

If any of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any the Parties Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the die Proceed- same> such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be abate"01l° proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

In case of

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Death of or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall Parties after have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might minarioTof ^ave keen brought if living, shall die before any such Action or the Com- Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the missioners, Time herein-before limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall and before ke lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corpo-brou°ht, the rate’ or Collegiate, who might bring such Action or Actions against same to be the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the same within the Time carried on so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as if actually and defended ]jvjng5 and to serve the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, with Name^ Process for commencing such Action or Actions in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, shall, as soon as it can conveniently be done, give Notice of such Process having been served upon them or him, to the Heir or Heirs, or Devisee or Devisees of the Person or Persons so dying; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, Devisee or Devisees, or other Person

83

4° GEORGII j Cap. 6.

Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Right of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, in case they shall think proper, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of c]osufes. the Peace acting in and for the East Riding of the said County of York, in the Manner and subject to Appeal as in the said first recited Act is mentioned, and also subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions mentioned in an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An 55G,3. c. 6S. Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways, in so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a public Highway, and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the stopping up of unnecessary Roads, to stop up, divert, or turn any old or accustomed Road or Roads, Way or Ways, Path or Paths, Track or Tracks, passing or leading through any Part of the old Inclosures, or over any Part of the said Parish of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton; and that every such Road or Footway as shall be so stopped up, altered, diverted, discontinued or changed, and not leading through any old Inclosures, shall be deemed Part of the Lands to be divided, allotted, and inclosed pursuant to this Act, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly as Part thereof; provided always, that none of the present Roads, Ways, Paths or Tracks within the said Parish of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton, shall be shut up or discontinued until the several Roads and Ways intended to be and remain public Roads or Highways shall be set out in Manner by the said first recited Act directed, and until the same shall be properly fenced and made safe and convenient for the Passage of Horses, Cattle, and Carriages.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, Allotment if they shall think it necessary (but not otherwise), after setting out for Gravel the Roads and Ways in Manner directed by the said first recited Act, p,ts‘ allot and award unto the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, not exceeding Three Acres, as they shall think most proper, for digging and getting Stone or Gravel for the Repairs of the Highways and public and private Roads within the said Parish; and that the same Parcel or Parcels, when set out, shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments within the said Parish for the Time being, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall by their Award direct or appoint.

84 4° GEORGII IV.1 Cap. 6.

Allotments

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners

Sonof the°r s*la^’ ant* are ^ereV required to set out, allot, and award unto Wastes. e anc* for the Lord or Lords of the Manor of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton aforesaid, such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One-sixteenth Part of all the Balks, Commons, and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed within the Limits of the said Manor of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby also required to set out, allot, and award unto and for the Lord or Lords of the said Manor of Beverley Chapter such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One-sixteenth Part of all the Balks, Commons, and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed within the Limits of the said Manor of Beverley Chapter; the same Allotments to be in lieu and satisfaction for the several and respective Rights of such Lords to the Soil of the Balks, Commons, and Wastes within their said respective Manors.

Itobxlein bns tJoA. smi . to mfttv Yd

V"

Allotment of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said the Open Commissioners shall have deducted and allotted Lands for the Roads, Fields. Stone Pits, and other Purposes, and made the several other Allotments before mentioned, they shall in the next Place set out, allot, and award all the Residue and Remainder of the said Open Fields by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who at the Time of making such Allotment shall be entitled to any Estate, Property, Right, or Interest therein, accord ing to their respective Rights and Interests, and in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions as by the said Commissioners shall be judged and determined to be a Compensation and Satisfaction for the several and respective Lands and Grounds of each gf the said Proprietors.

Allotment of

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall the Com- an(j they are hereby required in the next Place to set out, allot, and Wasteand award all the Residue and Remainder of the said Balks, Commons,

Lands. and Waste Lands, by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst the several Owners or Proprietors of ancient Messuages or Cottages, or Sites thereof respectively, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Balks, Commons, and Waste Lands, according to the Number of such ancient Messuages, Cottages, and Sites, without regard to the Quantity or Value of the Lands appurtenant or belonging thereto.

When Right

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the of Common Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, or at such earlier is to cease. ^me as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, and of which Notice shall be given Twenty-one Days at the least preceding such Time, in the Parish Church of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton aforesaid, immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing

to

4° GEORGII IV, CapM. 85

to be affixed on one of the principal outer Doors of the said Church, all and all Manner of Rights of Common, Rights of Pasturage, and other Rights and Interests within, out of, or in respect of the Open Fields, Balks, Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Per- Allotments son or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allot-

ments under, or by virtue of this Act, to give, grant, bargain, sell, Award> an(j demise, mortgage, limit, convey, and assure the same or any Part Common or Parts thereof for all or any Part of his, her, or their Estate or In- Rights se-terest therein or Right thereto, at any Time before the Execution Parately. of the Award of the said Commissioners; and every such Gift, Grant,

Bargain, Sale, Demise, Mortgage, Limitation, Conveyance, and Assurance shall be of the same Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the said Award; and also that it shall be lawful for any of the Owners of any Common Rights upon the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, to sell and dispose of the same, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made and set out in respect thereof, by virtue of this Act, separately and distinctly from the Estate in Right of which they, he, or she are or is entitled to the same, in the same Manner as they, he, or she might have done at any Time after the Execution of the said Award.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases at Leases, Agreements and Tenancies at Rack Rent, now subsisting Rack Rnt of any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to to be vo,d* be divided and enclosed, or which by virtue of this Act shall be exchanged, and of all Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the said Parish of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton, held therewith, or included in such Lease or Leases respectively, shall cease and be void at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands order and direct, so that the respective Lessors or Landlords of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments do, before or at the respective Times at which such Leases or Tenancies shall be directed to cease, make and pay such Satisfaction to the respective Lessees or Tenants for the Loss or Injury (if any) which they shall sustain by the Determination of such Leases respectively, as shall be mutually settled and agreed upon between them, or as the said Commissioners, being thereto required by either of the Parties, shall ascertain and direct: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease or Leases of Land,

Part of which lies within the said Parish of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton, and Part in any adjoining Parish or Parishes, all and every such Lease or Leases at Rack Rent now subsisting, so far as the same relate to the Premises in the said Parish of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton, may and shall be vacated; but where any Lands shall have been taken in Exchange, which Lands shall be under Lease, and wholly situate in an adjoining Parish or Parishes, the Lease or Leases of such last-mentioned Lands shall not be vacated.

y

86 4?GJlORGIIi IV*

sionerstodi

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners rect the° " s^all, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, Course of by some Writing or Writings under their Hands, order and direct the Husbandry. Course of Husbandry that shall be used in, over, and upon the Open Fields, Balks, Commons, and Waste Lands, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, until the Time they shall have made and completed the said intended Division and Allotments, as well with respect to the Laying Down, Ploughing, Fallowing and Tilling thereof, and the Sowing of Seeds amongst the Corn growing in the Spring of the Year, after the Allotments are set out, as to the Stocking and Eating the Fallows or Stubbles, and also to the Cutting of Whins, Furze, Thorns, or Bushes upon the Lands intended by this Act to be allotted and inclosed; ail which Orders and Directions shall be binding and conclusive upon all Persons interested, their Farmers and Tenants. t>mk has sd3 m d sd fan?, .li toll Jtajoims isi . • u - HVZX

Recompence

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, for Crops, by some Writing or Writings under their Hands, ascertain, order, and appoint what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be made to the Owner or Owners of any Crops of Corn or Grain growing at the Time of the said intended Division and Allotments, for the said Crops, by the Person to whom the Land on which such Crops are growing shall be allotted; and in case of Non-payment thereof at the Time and in the Manner to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons to whom such Recompence and Satisfaction shall be directed to be made as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Servants or Agents, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds on which such Crops shall be growing, and to cut, reap, and carry away the said Crops, and dispose thereof to his, her, and their own Use; and also that the said Commissioners shall, by some Writing or Writings under their Hands, ascertain, order, and appoint what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be paid, and by whom, to any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of Lands in the Parish of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton aforesaid, as well for the Ploughing, Tilling, and Manuring of any Land which shall be allotted to some other Person or Persons, for the Profit and Advantage which any such Person or Persons to whom the said Land shall be allotted will obtain thereby, as for any Loss or Disadvantage which any such Tenant or Tenants, Occupiers of Land, may sustain by means of the said Division and Inclosure; and if in either of the said Cases last mentioned such Recompence and Satisfaction shall not be made at the Time and in the Manner to be appointed by the said Commissioners, theu the said Commissioners shall and may by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever (which Warrant or Warrants they are hereby directed and empowered to grant accordingly), cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons required to make such Recompence and Satisfaction as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

4° GEORGII IV.l «7

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Glebe Lands belonging to

the Rector of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton aforesaid, shall, tobefenjled; for the first Time, be inclosed by and under the Direction of the said Commissioners, with such good and sufficient outer Fences, and such Carriage Gates, and good Oak Posts, and Three good Rails for the same, as the said Commissioners shall deem most proper and necessary, and at the joint Charges of all the other Proprietors, to be ascertained, assessed, and raised by the said Commissioners, in the same Manner as the Costs and Charges of this Act are to be ascertained, assessed, and raised as herein-after mentioned; and all the said Outfences and Carriage Gates shall for ever afterwards be maintained and kept in Repair by the Rector for the Time being, on such Sides or Parts as the said Commissioners shall award, order, and direct.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the and laid said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to together, set out, allot, and award unto and for the said Rector of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton aforesaid, and his Successors, in lieu of and

in exchange for such detached Part or Parts of the said Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rector, as the said Commissioners shall consider inconvenient to be held and enjoyed along with the Remainder of the said Glebe Lands, such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be a full Equivalent for such detached Glebe Lands, and as shall in their Judgment be convenient to be held and enjoyed with the Remainder of the said Glebe Lands; and thereupon the said detached Glebe Lands, in respect whereof such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, shall be deemed and form Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and enclosed amongst the several Proprietors who would have been entitled to their proportionate Shares of the Lands so allotted to the said Rector, in case such Exchange had not been made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments Allotments which shall be set out and allotted by virtue of this Act, shall be t(> be fenced, inclosed and fenced in such Manner, and the Fences shall be made

and for ever thereafter maintained, supported, scoured out, and kept in Repair by and at the Expence of* such Person and Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint in and by their Award.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs, Horses, No Sheep, Asses, Mules, Horned Cattle, Pigs, or Geese, shall be depastured or &c-t? be kept in any of the said new intended Inclosures during the Space of ikept ln AJ' Fourteen Years from the Execution of the Award of the said Founeen °r Commissioners, unless the Persons respectively so depasturing or Years, keeping such Sheep or Lambs, Horses, Asses, Mules, Horned Cattle,

Pigs, or Geese therein, do at their own Expence effectually guard and fence the Quick wood Hedges of any other Person’s Allotment adjoining to such Inclosures respectively, in which Sheep or Lambs,

Horses, Asses, Mules, Horned Cattle* Pigs, or Geese shall be depastured and kept as aforesaid, so as to prevent any Damage or Injury i , being

88

No Cattle to be turned into the Roads.

Herbage of the Roads vested in the Surveyors of the Highways, & c.

jfjy/

f9lf)

Lands held under different Titles to be distinguished.

4° GEORGII IV.

being done to such Fences or Quicksets by any such Sheep or Lambs, Horses, Asses, Mules, Horned Cattle, Pigs, or Geese.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award of the said Commissioners, turn or put, or cause to be turned or put, or knowingly suffer to be turned or put any of his, her, or their Horses, Asses, Mules, Beasts, Sheep, Lambs, Swine, Cattle, or Geese into any of the Roads to be set out by virtue of the said first recited Act and this Act, which shall be fenced on both Sides thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons whose Hedges, Fences, Crops, or Grounds shall be damaged thereby, or any other Person or Persons, to impound the same; and that after the Execution of the said Award of the said Commissioners the Herbage and Produce as well of the Roads to be set out as aforesaid, as of the Ground to be set out as aforesaid for getting Stone, Lime, Gravel, and other Materials for the Repairs of the Highways, shall be vested in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish for the Time being, and shall by him or them be publicly let to the best Bidder or Bidders, for the Purpose of mowing or depasturing, under such Regulations as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time appoint, and the Rents and Profits thereof shall be applied towards the Reparation of the several Highways within the Parish of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton aforesaid, and shall be accounted for by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways in the same Parish annually, on or about the First Day of October, at a Vestry or other Public Meeting to be called for that Purpose, in the said Parish of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton; and such Surveyors shall account for the Rents and Profits thereof in the same Manner as they are accountable for other Money that shall come to their Hands, as Surveyors of the Highways, and shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties for Neglect or Default thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be allotted, partitioned, or exchanged by virtue of this or the said first recited Act, shall hold their respective Lands or Hereditaments by different Tenures, or for different Estates, or under different Titles, the said Commissioners shall ascertain and distinguish the Lands or other Hereditaments held by each of such Tenures, for each of such Estates, and under each of such Titles respectively, and shall accordingly in the said Award set out and distinguish distinct and several Allotments for such respective Lands or other Hereditaments; and where from the want of the necessary Information before the said Commissioners, or from any other Cause, their Award shall omit discriminating as herein-before is mentioned such different Titles and different Estates, and different Tenures, and at any Time within the Space of Five Years from and after the making of the said Award request shall be made to the said Commissioners by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omission supplied by a separate Instrument or Instruments, then and in every such Case

the

89

4° GEORGII IV. CapM.

the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do every Thing necessary for supplying such Omission, and so far as that Purpose shall require, to examine Witnesses, and in every other respect to proceed and act as if the Award had not been made; and when they the said Commissioners shall have obtained what they shall think sufficient Information, they are hereby also authorized by any Deed under their Hands and Seals, to ascertain and distinguish the Difference of Tenures, Estates, and Titles respectively, and accordingly to make distinct and several Allotments in the same Manner as is hereby required where such Determination should be contained in the said Award; and every such separate Instrument, after having been duly executed by the said Commissioners, shall have the same Effect as if it was contained in the said Award, and shall be delivered unto the Person or Persons upon whose Request the said Omission shall have been supplied, or the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premises in question shall in the Opinion of the said Commissioners most properly belong, for the Time being; and all Expences which shall be reasonably incurred in and about any such supplementary Instrument as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Person or Persons who shall have so requested the said Commissioners as aforesaid, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Allotments which Allotted shall be made in respect of Freehold Lands shall be deemed of Free- Lands to be hold Tenure, and all the Allotments which shall be made in respect of the same of any Copyhold Tenements shall be deemed of Copyhold Tenure, thoseTn Heu and shall be holden of the Lords of the same respective JVIanors, under of which the same Rents, Tenures, Payments, Customs and Services as are the7 are now due and payable for the Copyhold Tenements in respect of made* which such Allotments shall be made; and the Proprietors to or for whom such Copyhold Allotments shall be made, shall, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, or as soon after as conveniently may be, be admitted Tenants to the Lords of the said respective Manors, for such Copyhold Allotments, without paying any Fine to the Lords of the said respective"

Manors for such first Admission; but after such first Admission the said Allotments respectively shall be at all Times held under and subject to such and the like Uses, Estates, Tenures, Fines and other Payments, as the present Copyhold Lands, Common Rights or other Rights and Interests in lieu whereof such respective Allotments shall be made, are now held under and subject to.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein or in Settlements the said recited Acts contained, shall extend or be construed to &c. not to ' extend to revoke, make void, alter or annul any Will, Deed or be affecte<h Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having: any Rights or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts, Rents, Charges or Incumbrances out of, upon, or affecting any of the Open Fields Balks, Commons or Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided* allotted or inclosed, or any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which may be taken in Exchange by virtue of the Power hereinafter contained, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively [^Private.-]

90

Power for the Rector to grant Leases.

Where Leases granted become void before the Expiration of the Term, the Rector may grant a new Lease, See,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 6.

but that the several Persons, unto, for, or by whom any Lands or Hereditaments shall be set out, assigned, and allotted, or taken in Exchange by virtue of this or the said recited Acts, shall be seised thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the same Estates, and subject to such and the same Wills, Deeds, Settlements, Dowers, Jointures, Portions, Debts, Rents, Charges and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereof such Person or Persons was or were seised or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Rector of the said Rectory for the Time being, by Indenture or Indentures under his Hand and Seal, with the Consent and Approbation of the Archbishop of the Diocese, and of the Patron of the said Rectory respectively, to lease or demise all or any Part or Parts of' the Allotment or Allotments to be set out and allotted to such Rector, by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term or Terms not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, so that the Rent or respective Rents for the same shall be thereby reserved and made payable to the same Rector for the Time being, by Four equal Quarterly Payments in every Year, and so that there be also reserved and made payable to such Rector the best and most improved Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had or gotten for the same, without taking any Fine, Foregift, Premium, Sum of Money or other Consideration for the making or granting any such Lease or Demise, and so that no such Lessee, by any such Lease or Demise, be made dispunishable for Waste by any express Words to be therein contained, and so that there be inserted in any such Lease a Power of Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved, within a reasonable Time, to be therein limited, after the same shall have become due, and so that a Counterpart of each and every such Lease be duly executed by the Lessee or Lessees to whom such Lease or Leases shall be so made as aforesaid; and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual, any thing in the said recited Acts, or any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Lease or Leases so to be granted as aforesaid, shall by any Means become forfeited or void, or be surrendered before the Expiration of the Term granted by such Lease, then and in such Case, and as often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the Rector of the said Rectory for the Time being, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Archbishop of the Diocese and of the Patron of the said Rectory for the Time being respectively, to grant a new Lease of or to demise all or any Part or Parts of the Allotment or Allotments to be set out and allotted to such Rector as aforesaid; such last mentioned Lease to continue for such Term of

Years

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 6.

Years as shall from the Time of such Avoidance, Forfeiture, or Surrender be then to come and unexpired of the Term granted by such original Lease, subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Conditions, and Covenants contained in such original Lease, and then remaining unperformed and capable of taking Effect.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Exchanges said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, may be

or Hereditaments within the said Parish of North Burton otherwise ma e' Cherry Burton, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of* England, or for Years determinable upon any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Lessor or Lessors thereof^ and not otherwise, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing, under the Common Seal of the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively, and subjoined or attached to the said Award of the said Commissioners; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church or Chapel or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid of the Patron or Patrons thereof, and of the Lord Archbishop of York for the Time being.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences of Expences attending the making of any Exchanges or Partitions to be Exchanges made by virtue of this or the said first recited Act, shall be borne, defrayed, and paid by the several Persons making such Exchanges whom to be or Partitions, in such Proportions and in such Manner as the said Paid-Commissioners shall by their said Award, or any Writing or Writings

under their Hands, order or direct, and shall be recovered by Distress and Sale in such Manner as the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act are by the said first recited Act directed to be recovered.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, Expences of and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act. this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing,

and

92

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 6.

and inclosing the Lands and Grounds to be indosed by virtue of this or the said recited Acts, and of preparing and enrolling the Award of the said Commissioners, and all Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, their Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of their Award, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the public Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners, and all other Expences of carrying this and the said recited Acts into Execution, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act (save and except the said Rector in respect of his Glebe, who in respect thereof is hereby wholly exonerated from all Costs and Charges whatsoever, and also except the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parish); which said Costs, Charges, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the several Persons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, shall be adjusted and settled by the said Commissioners, and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to make and form Estimates of all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, and to raise the Amounts of such Estimates by a Rate or Rates at any Time after the Allotments shall have been staked out and confirmed, from Time to Time as they shall deem necessary and proper, in Manner directed in and by the said first recited Act.

Proprietors

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Proprie-advancing tors or any other Person have or hath advanced or shall advance any Money for jy[oney in or towards discharge of the Fees or other Expences of ob-Act to be taining this Act, or for carrying into Execution the Powers of the repaid with said recited Acts or this Act, the Money so advanced shall be repaid Interest. and satisfied by and out of the first Monies which shall be raised and collected in pursuance thereof, with Interest for the same, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Time of advancing and paying the same respectively.

Commis-

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall SurveSorsd ^e Pa*^ Three Rounds and Three Shillings each, and no

Allowance. more> *or every Day they shall travel and be necessarily employed or engaged from Home for the Purpose of executing the said recited Acts and this Act, or the Trusts thereby and hereby in them reposed, for their Journies, Attendances, Labour, and Expences occasioned by the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, and of putting this Act into Execution; and that the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by this or the said first recited Act shall be paid such Sum or Sums as the said Commissioners shall think just and reasonable, as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for his or their Time and Trouble, and for all incidental Expences and Charges of him or them the said Surveyor or Surveyors, in attending the said Commissioners, and in surveying, planning, and subdividing the said Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed.

Accounts

XLI. And be it further enacted, That once at least in every Year of Commis- during the Execution of this Act, (such Year to be computed from the

.93

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 6.

the Day of the passing of this Act,) the said Commissioners shall,

and they are hereby required to make a just and true Statement 01 a justice

Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended m of the Peace.

the Execution of this Act; and such Statement and Account, when

so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said East Riding of the County of York, (not interested in the said

Inclosure), to be by him examined and balanced; and such Balance

shall by such Justice be stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept

in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and no Charge

or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned,

or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by

such Justice.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Award and all separate Award. Instruments supplemental thereto, to be made by the said Commissioners in Manner directed by this and the said first recited Act, shall, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from the Execution thereof, be inrolled in the Public Register Office at Beverley in the East Riding of the said County of York; and the Registrar of the said Office, or his Deputy for the Time being, shall, and he and they is and are hereby directed to enrol or cause the same to be inrolled in one of the Books used for enrolling Bargains and Sales of Lands in the said Office accordingly; and a true Copy (to be signed by the said Commissioners) of the Map or Plan annexed to such Award, shall be lodged at the said Register Office at the Time of the Enrolment of the said Award, and there kept for ever; and the said Award, together with the Map or Plan thereto annexed, shall immediately after the Enrolment of such Award be put into and kept in a Tin Box, and be lodged for safe Custody in the Chest of the Parish Church of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton aforesaid, forever, for the Inspection and Perusal of the several Persons interested therein, or their respective Agents, who shall be at Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, on Application for such Purpose at all seasonable Times, and to make or take Copies or Extracts therefrom; and the said Registrar shall be entitled to such Fees for the Enrol ment of the said Award and Instruments respectively, as he is entitled to for enrolling any Bargain and Sale; and the said Registrar, or his Deputy for the Time being, shall permit any Person or Persons whomsoever from Time to Time within the Office Hours of Attendance, to peruse the Enrolment of the said Award and Instruments at the Register Office, and to inspect and examine such Copy of the said Map or Plan, paying for the same to such Registrar or his Deputy the Sum of One Shilling and no more; and shall also from Time to Time, on Request to him made by any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause a true Copy of the whole or any Part or Parts of the Enrolment of the said Award or other Instrument, to be made and written out from such Enrolment; and shall from Time to Time when requested certify the same under his Hand to be a true Copy from such Enrolment, for which the said Registrar or his Deputy making the same shall be paid after the Rate of Sixpence per Sheet, reckoning One hundred Words to each Sheet, and no more

[Private.'] a a and

V

94

4° GEORGII IV.

U v\ V) J \ II d v and the said original Award or Instrument, or a true Copy of the Inrolment thereof* or any Part thereof, so certified under the Hand of the said Registrar or his Deputy for the Time being as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time be allowed and admitted as legal Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

Appeal.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself herself, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done or omitted to be done in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, (other than and except such Acts, Orders, and Determinations of the said Commissioners as in and by this and the said first recited Act are directed to be final and conclusive, or where an Issue at Law shall be tried as hereinbefore-mentioned), he, she, or they may appeal at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said East Riding of the County of York within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners and to the Party or Parties concerned Thirty Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices not interested in the Premises, in their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, lessen, defeat, or affect the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lord of the said Manor of North Burton otherwise Cherry Burton, or any future Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor, in and to the Seigniories, Rights, Royalties, Privileges and Services incident or belonging thereto, (other than such as are meant and intended to be compensated for, barred, and extinguished by this Act,) but that the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the same Manor, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter hold, receive, take, exercise and enjoy all Rents, Fines, Services and Profits, and all Seigniories, Rights, Royalties and Privileges whatsoever to the same Manor, incident, appendant, belonging, or appertaining, (other than and except as aforesaid,) in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner as he, she, or they could or might

have

The Rights of the Lord of Cherry Burton saved.

95

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 6.

have held, exercised, and enjoyed the same in case this Act had not been made.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this The Rights

c contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, of the Lord lessen, defeat or affect the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lord ofof Bevei% the said Manor of Beverley Chapter, or any future Lord or Lords,

Lady or Ladies of the said Manor, in and to the Seigniories, Royalties, Privileges and Services incident or belonging thereto, (other than and except such as are meant to be compensated for barred and extinguished by this Act,) but that the Lord or Lords, ’Lady or Ladies of the same Manor, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter, hold, receive, take, exercise, and enjoy all Rents, Fines, Services, and Profits, and all Seigniories, Rights Royalties, and Privileges whatsoever to the same Manor incident’ appendant, belonging, or appertaining, (other than and except as aforesaid,) in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner as he, she or they could or might have held, exercised and enjoyed the same in case this Act had not been made.

XLVI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons Saving. Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and his and their Heirs’

Successors, Executors, and Administrators, and all Persons claiming under or in remainder after them, all such Right, Title, and Interest (other than and except such as are meant and intended to be compensated for, barred, and extinguished by this Act,) as they every or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed, of, in’, to or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted in case this Act had not been made.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed E a by the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly au Clause"08 thonzed to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and that a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 7.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ryton in the County of Durham.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Ryton in the County of Durham several Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground herein-after mentioned, that is to say, in the Township of Winlaton, certain Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Barlow Fell, Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, containing together, by Estimation, Four hundred Acres or thereabouts; in the Township of Ryton Woodside, a certain Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Woodside Common, containing by Estimation Six Acres or thereabouts; and in the Township of Ryton, a certain other Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Barmoor, containing, by Estimation, Fifty Acres or thereabouts; and certain Fields, Closes, or Parcels of Ground called The Hall Banks, The Paddock Hill Field, The Three Strother Closes, and Parson's Haugh, containing together, by Estimation, Sixty-five Acres or thereabouts, which are subject to certain Commonable Rights : And whereas Peregrine Edward Towneley Esquire, Thomas Richard Beaumont Esquire and Diana his Wife, Ann Simpson Spinster, The Most Honorable John Crichton Marquis of Buie, The Most Honorable Francis Charles Marquis of Hertford, Mary Dowager Countess of Strathmore, Henry Jadis Esquire, The Reverend James Blackburn Clerk, James Fairer Esquire, James Dundas Esquire, James Farrer Steadman Esquire, and Sir John Dean Paul Baronet, (the said Mary Countess of Strathmore, Henry Jadis, James Blackburn, James Farrer, James Dundas, James Fanner Stead-[Private.] fr fr man9

38 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 7.

man, and Sir John Dean Paul, as the Trustees of the last Will and Testament of the late Right Honorable John Earl of Strathmore deceased,) and William Morton Pitt Esquire, are Lords and Ladies of the said Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, and as such are seised or entitled to the Soil, Seigniories, and Royalties of the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Barlow Fell, Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Win-lington, (except the Mines, Quarries, and Minerals within and under the same,) as Tenants in Common in the Shares and Proportions following; that is to say, the said Peregrine Edward Towneley is entitled to Three undivided Eighth Parts thereof, the said Thomas Richard Beaumont and Diana his Wife to Two other undivided Eighth Parts thereof, the said Ann Simpson to Two other undivided Eighth Parts thereof, the said Ann Simpson, the said Marquis of Bute, the said Marquis of Hertford, and the said Mary Dowager Countess of Strathmore, Henry Jadis, James Blackburn, James Farrer, James Dundas, James Farrer Steadman, and Sir John Dean Paulas such Trustees as aforesaid,) and the said William Morton Pitt, to the remaining one undivided Eighth Part thereof, in certain Shares, as Tenants in Common : And whereas the said Peregrine Edward Towneley, Thomas Richard Beaumont and Diana his Wife, Ann Simpson, the said Marquis of Bute, the said Marquis of Hertford, The Most Honorable Henry Marquis of Lansdowne, the said Mary Dowager Countess of Strathmore, Henry Jadis, James Blackburn, James Farrer, James Dundas, James Farrer Steadman, and Sir John Dean Paul, (as such Trustees as aforesaid,) and William Morton Pitt, are seised of or entitled to the Mines of Coal and other Mines, Quarries, and Minerals, as well opened as not opened, lying and being within and under the same Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground, and also within and under certain of the inclosed Lands of the said Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, together with certain Liberties in and upon the same respectively, for the winning, working, managing, and carrying on the said Quarries and Mines, and for leading and carrying away the Produce thereof: And whereas the said Peregrine Edward Towneley, Thomas Richard Beaumont and Diana his Wife, Ann Simpson, the Marquis of Bute, the Marquis of Hertford, the said Mary Dowager Countess of Strathmore, Henry Jadis, James Blackburn, James Farrer, James Dundas, James Farrer Steadman, and Sir John Dean Paul, (as such Trustees as aforesaid,) and William Morton Pitt, Sir Thomas John Clavering Baronet, and several other Persons, are Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and in respect thereof are entitled to Right of Common in and upon the same Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground: And whereas several Messuages, Mills, Tenements, and other Erections and Buildings have been erected on the same Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground, and several Parcels thereof have been enclosed by the Lords of the Soil or their Lessees, and such Messuages, Mills, Tenements, Erections, Buildings, and In closures are now held and enjoyed by such Lords and their Lessees : And whereas The Honorable and Right Reverend Shute Lord Bishop of Durham, in Right of his See, is Lord of the Manor of Chester, and as such is seised of or entitled to the Soil, Mines, Quarries and Minerals, Seigniories and Royalties, within and under the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Woodside

7 Common

99

4° GEORGII IV.

Common and Barmoor: And whereas the said Peregrine Edward Towneley, the said Ann Simpson, George Silvertop Esquire, and several other Persons, are Owners of Lands, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Township of Ryton Woodside, and in respect thereof are entitled to Right of Common on the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Woodside Common : And whereas the said Peregrine Edward Towneley, the said Ann Simpson, Humble Lamb Esquire, Robert Surtees Esquire, and several other Persons, are Owners of Lands, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Township of Ryton, and in respect thereof are entitled to Right of Common in and upon the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Barmoor, and also to Right of Intercommon in and upon the said Fields, Closes, or Parcels of Ground called The Hall Banks, The Paddock Hill Field, The Three Strother Closes, and Parson’s Haugh: And whereas several Cottages, Tenements, and other Erections and Buildings have from Time to Time been erected upon the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Wood-side Common and Barmoor respectively, which are held as Tenancies from Year to Year, under certain Annual Rents or Acknowledgments, payable to the Grieve for the Time being of Ryton aforesaid : And whereas The Lord Bishop of Durham, in Right of his See, is Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Ryton aforesaid; and The Reverend Charles Thorp Clerk is Rector thereof, and as such is entitled to all the Tythes, both Great and Small, and other Dues and Payments arising, renewing, increasing, happening, and payable within the Parish of Ryton aforesaid: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted 41G. 3. C. 109. in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on passing of such Acts : And whereas another Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend l & 2 G. 4. the Law respecting the inclosing of Open Fields, Pastures, Moors, Com- c* 23» mons, and Waste Lands in England : And whereas the said several Proprietors of Lands, Messuages, Tenements and Hereditaments, having Right of Common upon the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground respectively, and having such Right of Intercommon as aforesaid, are desirous that the same should respectively be divided, allotted and inclosed, and the said Right of Intercommon sold and disposed of in Manner herein-after mentioned: But as such Division, Allotment, Inclosure, and Sale cannot be effectually completed and established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Bell of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Commis-Tyne, Gentleman, shall be and he is hereby appointed sole Commissioner ap-sioner for setting out, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said several Poinled-Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground respectively, and for putting this Act in Execution, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations as are herein-after contained, and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Directions, Authorities, Regulations,

100 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 7.

gulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in the said recited Acts, as are not controlled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations contained in this Act.

Power to appoint new Commissioners.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said Thomas Bell shall die or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, before all the Powers, Authorities, and Trusts hereby reposed in him shall be finally executed and performed, it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value, such Value to be ascertained by the Poor’s Rate Assessment, of the Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or their respective Agents or Attornies, present at a Meeting to be hoi den for that Purpose, by Writing under their respective Hands, to nominate and appoint one other fit and proper Person, not interested in the Premises, to be a Commissioner in the Place of the said Thomas Bell; provided that Fourteen Days Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting shall be given by Two or more of such Persons in like Manner as herein-after is directed with respect to the sitting of the said Commissioner; and that such Meeting shall be held within the Township of Winlaton aforesaid, or within Eight Miles thereof; and if any Commissioner or Commissioners who shall be appointed in the Place and Stead of the said Thomas Bell shall die, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting, such future Vacancy shall in like Manner be filled up by the major Part in Value of the Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure.

Surveyor ap-

III. And be it further enacted, That Matthew Fleck of Gateshead pointed : XjOW Fell in the County of Durham, Land Surveyor, shall be and he

is hereby appointed a Surveyor to assist the said Commissioner in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Acts; and in case the said Matthew Fleck, or any other Surveyor, to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned in the Place and Stead of the said Matthew Fleck, shall die or refuse to act, or neglect to act when called upon by the said Commissioner so to do, or become incapable of acting as such Surveyor, such Vacancy shall from Time to Time be filled up by the major Part in Value of the Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure, in like Manner as is herein-before mentioned with respect to the Appointment of a Commissioner in the Place and Stead of the said Thomas Bell; and that a true and accurate Survey and Admeasurement shall be taken, and a Plan or Plans shall be made of the said several Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Ground, and of any other Lands in the said Parish of By ton which the Commissioner shall deem necessary to be surveyed and planned for the Purposes of this Act, some Time before the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, or as soon after as conveniently may be.

Surveyor’s fV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Oath. be capable of acting as such Surveyor as aforesaid until he shall have taken and subscribed before the said Commissioner an Oath in the Form following:

‘ r do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly,

* according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, survey and ad-

* measure

101

4° GEORGII IV.

* measure all the Lands required to be surveyed and admeasured by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled (here set forth the Title of this Act), and c that I will make true Maps or Plans thereof, and lay the same

* before the Commissioner for putting in Execution the said Act.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and required to administer; and which Oath, and also the Instrument or Instruments of Appointment of every such Surveyor, shall be respectively enrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner, & by the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reignh)f Fils late Majesty is directed concerning the General Award

to be hi add by the said Commissioner.

• v;t rf

V. And be it further enacted, That the Surveys or Admeasurements, including all necessary Re-surveys and all Plans (except the fair Flan upon Vellum herein-after particularly mentioned) shall be paid for at and after the Rate of One Shilling per Acre for each and every Acre of the Land Which shall be surveyed, admeasured, and planned in pursuance of this Act, and the said Surveyor shall at all Times bear his own Expences; and in case of the Death of any such Surveyor before such Surveys, Admeasurements, and Plans as aforesaid shall be finished, then and in every such Case the Executors or Administrators of every such Surveyor so dying, shall be paid after the Rate of Sixpence per Acre for each and every Acre which shall have been so surveyed and admeasured in his Life-time.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyor shall, after the said Division and Allotment of the Lands and Grounds intended to be hereby divided and inclosed shall be completed, make a fair Plan or Plans, upon Vellum, of all the said Lands and Grounds intended to be hereby divided and allotted, whereon shall be truly and distinctly delineated, set down, marked and expressed the several Matters and Things necessary and proper to be inserted therein, for the better explaining the Award of the said Commissioner; and for which fair Plan or Plans so to be made as aforesaid the Sum of Thirty Poundp shall1 be,paid, and no more.

it^&rther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for tfrh tfSth&^iohhr? by Writing under his Hand, to nominate and Ip^ . proper Person to be his Clerk, to assist him

in the ftis'Act and the said recited Acts, and to remove

such Clerk ppm lime, to Time, and, by Writing as aforesaid, to nominate and uppbftrd^ and proper Person in his Stead; and that the said (left for the Time being shall be paid such Compensation for his Trouble, Charges, and Expences, as the said Commissioner shall think fit and reasonable.

• V-'

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Meetings and Attendances of the said Commissioner for the Execution of this Act shall be held within the said Township of Winlaton, or within Eight Miles thereof; and that the said Commissioner shali and he is hereby required,

c c

with

Compensation to Surveyor.

Plan of the Lands to be made.

Commissioner to appoint a Clerk.

Notice of Sittings of Commissioner:

102

Other Notices, how lo be given.

Parties to pay their own Expences.

Commissioner to settle Disputes;

but not to determine Titles.

Commissioner may award Costs.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. l.

with all convenient Speed after the passing of this Act, to give public Notice in the Parish Church of Ryton aforesaid, upon some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Notice in Writing, under his Hand, to be affixed on One of the Doors of the said Church immediately before Divine Service; and also to give Notice in the Newspaper called The Newcastle Courant, or some other Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Durham, of the Time and Place of his First Sitting for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall give Notice in like Manner of his First, Second, and Third Sittings for executing the Powers hereby vested in him, Twenty Days at least before such First, Second, and Third Sittings respectively; and of each and every subsequent Sitting the said Commissioner shall give Notice in the Manner aforesaid, Ten Days at least before such last-mentioned Sittings.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or required to be given by or in pursuance of this Act, or by or in pursuance of the said first recited Act, shall be given and published in the said Paper called The Newcastle Courant, or in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Durham; and that at all Meetings whatever holden under or in pursuance of this Act, all Parties attending the same shall pay their own Expences.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, touching or concerning any Right or Interest which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in or to the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner for the Time being, and he is hereby authorized and required to examine, hear, and de-mine the same; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever; and provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioner for the Time being to determine the Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such Parties (except in Cases of Encroachments as herein-after mentioned); but in case the said Commissioner shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, he shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by such Person or Persons, or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Commissioner for the Time being shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in pursuance of this or the said first recited Act, see Cause to award any Costs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or

Parties

103

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 7.

Parties in whose Favor any Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods and-Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the Commissioner for the Time being, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to any Right of Common, or other Right or Interest in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, or any Objection or Objections to such Claim or Claims, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so dissatisfied, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions at Law, in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, in whose Favor such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioner shall have been notified, in Writing, to the Party or Parties against whom such Determination shall have been so made, or to his, her, or their known Agent or Attorney; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted upon may be tried and determined, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the same), and may be tried at the then next or the following Assizes for the County of Durham, after the Commencement of such Action; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, unless the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the

Court,

Persons dis^ satisfied, may try their Rights at Law.

Actions not to abate by the Death df Parties.

Provision in case of Death of Parties before Actions b/o ught.

How Commons are to be divided:

4° GEORGII IV. fCap.7.

Coiift, the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials : Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioner, touching such Claim or Claims, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to in due Time, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought within the Time before limited, or not proceeding therein as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive on all Parties.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties, Plaintiffs or Defendants, in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the same, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened; and that no such Difference, Action, or Proceeding as aforesaid, nor any Difference, Dispute, or Proceeding touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Parish of Ryion, shall impede or delay the said Commissioner in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Acts, but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure shall be proceeded in notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit, or Proceeding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favor any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might have been brought, if living, shall happen to die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the same within the Time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioner with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties so dying might have been served therewith if living, and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living, and the Rights of all Parties sffall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actionsc

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required, according to the best of his Skill and Judgment, to set out and allot unto the several Surveyors of the Highways of the said respective Townships so much and such Parts of the said several Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Barlow Fell, fieda Hills, the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, Woodside Common, and Barmoor

respectively,

4° GEORGII IV. 7. 105

respectively, as he may think proper, for Public Highways, Roads, Public High-and Drains, and for a Common Quarry or Quarries, and common wa.vs> Watering Places or Wells.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Allotment to in the next Place set out and allot unto and for the Rector of the said the Rector ° Parish o¥ Ryton for the Time being, and his Successors, such Plots jieyu°0£m and Parcels of the said several Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Tythes: Ground respectively, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioner shall be an Equivalent and Compensation (Quantity, Quality, Convenience, and Situation considered) for all the Tythes, Great and Small,

Dues and Payments arising and renewing, or which shall or may hereafter arise and renew from, out, or in respect of the same Commons,

Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground respectively, which said Plots or Parcels of the said several Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground shall be had and taken by the said Rector for the Time being, and his Successors, in full Satisfaction and Compensation for all the said Tythes, Great and Small, Dues and Payments.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Allotment in the next Place set out and allot unto and for the said Rector for to him for the Time being of the said Parish of Ryton, and his Successors, such J

Plot or Parcel of the Residue of the said Commons, Moors, or iaton. Tracts of Waste Ground, called Barlow Felly Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, not exceeding One Acre, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioner shall be most conveniently situated and best adapted for a Churchyard or Cemetery, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Township of Winlaton, and to be attached to the Chapel thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Allotments in the next Place set out and allot such Plots or Parcels of the said Re- for Sale, sidue of the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground, called Barlow Fell, Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, not exceeding altogether One hundred Acres,

as he shall judge expedient, in such Plots or Parcels of the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Barrnoor, as the said Commissioner shall judge expedient, and sell the same in Manner herein-after directed; and the said Commissioner shall apply the Purchase Money or Purchase Monies of such Plots or Parcels respectively, in defraying such Proportions of the Expences of this Act, and of carrying the same into Execution, as shall be apportioned in man* ner herein-after mentioned in respect of the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Allotments in the next Place set out and allot unto and for the Lords and of Messuages Ladies of the said Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, the of the Manor several Messuages, Mills, Tenements, and other Erections and ofwLato"? JBuildings which have been erected on the said Commons, Moors, &c.

or Tracts of Waste Ground called Barlow Fell, Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, and also such the several Parcels of the same Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste {Private.'] rf J Ground

106

Allotment of One-sixteenth of the Residue of Barlow Fell, &c. to the Lords of the Manor of Winlaton.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 7.

Ground called Barlow Fell, Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the said Manor of Winlaton otherwise Wellington, which have been inclosed and are now enjoyed in Severalty by the Lords of the Soil, their Lessees or Assigns, without the Payment of any Rent or Acknowledgement to the Persons entitled to Right of Common on the same Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall in the next Place set out and allot unto the Lords and Ladies of the said Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, One full Sixteenth Part or Share in Value (the Quantity, Quality, and Situation of the Land being considered) of and in the Residue of the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground, called Barlow Fell, Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, after deducting the said Highways, Roads, Drains, Quarries, Wells, and Watering Places, in full Compensation and Satisfaction for their Right and Interest of, in, and to the Soil of the same Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Ground.

Allotment of One-sixteenth of the Residue of Woodside Common and Barmoor, to the Lord of the Manor of Chester.

Allotment of Residue of Woodside Common.

Allotments of the Residues of the other Commons.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall in the next Place set out and allot unto and for the Lord of the said Manor of Chester, One full Sixteenth Part or Share in Value (the Quality, Quantity, and Situation of the Land being considered) of and in the Residue of the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground respectively, called Woodside Common and Barmoor respectively, (after deducting only the said Highways, Roads, Quarries, Wells, and Watering Places), in full Compensation and Satisfaction for his and their Right and Interest of, in, and to the Soil of the same Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Ground respectively.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall in the next Place set out and allot all the Residue of the said Moor, Common, or Tract of Waste Ground called Woodside Common, unto the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being of the said Township of Ryton Woodside, to be by them employed and cultivated for the Useof the Poor of the said Township, and in relief of the Inhabitants rateable for their Support; and the said Commissioner shall then set out and allot all the several Residues of the said several Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Ground, called Barlow Fell, Beda Hills, the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, and Barmoor respectively, unto and amongst the several Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, having Rights of Common on the same respectively, in proportion and according to the annual Value of the Lands, Tenements, Estates, and Interests in respect of which they may severally be entitled to such Right of Common, such annual Value to be ascertained by the said Commissioner in such Manner as he shall think fit: Provided always, that all Houses and Buildings not occupied with some Farm of Land containing Twenty Acres, shall be valued separately from the Lands, Garths, and Gardens, and the Allotments to be made in respect of such Houses and Buildings, shall be less by One-third than the Allotments to be made in respect of any Lands, Garths, and Gardens of equal Value $ but no separate Valuation shall be made of any Houses or

Buildings

4° GEORGII IV. f 107

Buildings which were occupied with and were Part and Parcel of any Farm of Land at the Time of the passing of this Act containing Twenty Acres or more, but all such last-mentioned Houses and Buildings shall be considered as included in the Valuation of the Lands constituting such Farm to which they belong; and that all Mills (if any) having Right of Common on the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground respectively intended to be hereby divided, shall be also separately valued, and the Allotments to be made in respect of such Mills shall be less by One-third, in proportion to the Value of such Mills, than the Allotments to be made in respect of Lands and Grounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, Rights of as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, make Sale of the said Rights of Intercommon, in and upon the said Closes or Parcels of Ground called The Hall Banks, The Paddock Plill Field, The Three Strother Closes, and Parson's Haughf and shall offer the same to the respective Proprietor or Proprietors of such Closes or Parcels of Ground at the Price or Value to be fixed thereon respectively by the said Commissioner, who shall on Payment of the Purchase Money thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, from Time to Time give proper Receipts and Discharges for the same, and upon Payment of the whole of Jsuch Purchase Money or Purchase Monies shall release and convey to the respective Purchasers thereof the said Rights of Intercommon; but if such Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Closes or Parcels of Ground shall, upon such Offer being made, refuse or not agree to purchase the same, at the Price or Prices fixed thereon by the said Commissioner, then to sell and dispose of such Rights of Intercommon to any Person or Persons willing to purchase the same, at the best Price or Prices that can reasonably be had for the same, and accordingly to release and convey the same to such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, and the Purchase Monies arising from all such Sales shall be applied by the said Commissioner in or towards the defraying such Proportion of the Expences of this Act, and of carrying the same into Execution, as shall be apportioned in Manner herein-after mentioned, in respect of the said Common,

Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Barmoor.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Mode of and he is hereby required to sell and dispose of such Plots or Parcels Sale of Ahot-of the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground, called Barlow Fell, Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of [Vinlaton XP otherwise Winlington, not exceeding altogether One hundred Acres, and such Plots or Parcels of the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Land called Barmoor, as shall be by him respectively set out and allotted for Sale as aforesaid, in manner directed by the said first recited Act, in Cases where Lands are authorized to be sold for defraying the Charges and Expences of executing any Act of Inclosure; and the Purchase Monies arising from the Sale of the said first mentioned Plots or Parcels of Ground shall be by the said Commissioner applied in or towards defraying such Proportion of the Expences of this Act, and of carrying the same into Execution, as shall be apportioned in manner herein-after mentioned, in respect of the r! rf |-# K- said

108 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 7.

said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground, called Barlow Fell, Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington; and the Purchase Monies arising from the Sale of the said last-mentioned Plots or Parcels of the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Barmoor, shall be by the said Commissioner applied in defraying such Proportion of the Expences of this Act, and of carrying the same into Execution, as shall be apportioned in manner herein-after directed in respect of the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Barmoor.

Power for

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Rvtoneto°rof an^ ^or ^ie sa^ Charles Thorp and his Successors, Rectors for the purchase the Time being of the said Parish of Ryton, by and with the Consent of Rights of In- the said Lord Bishop of Durham for the Time being, to purchase of tercommon; the said Commissioner the said Rights of Intercommon, or any of them, or any Part thereof so directed to be sold as aforesaid, in and upon the said Fields, Closes, or Parcels of Ground called The Hall Banks, The Paddock Hill Field, and The Three Strother Closes, which said Fields, Closes, or Parcels of Ground are Part of the Glebe Lands of the said Rectory of Ryton; and immediately after the Payment of the Purchase Money thereof, the said Rights of Intercommon, or such of them as shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall thereupon be vested in Fee-Simple in the said Rector for the Time being, and his Successors, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioner.

and to sell his

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Allotments, to and for the said Charles Thorp and his Successors, Rectors tor the Time being of the said Parish of Ryton, by and with the Consent of the Lord Bishop of Durham for the Time being, to be testified in Writing under his Hand, to sell and dispose of a competent Part or Parts of the Lands to be allotted to him in lieu of Tythes as aforesaid, and in respect of the Glebe Lands of the said Rectory of Ryton, and by and with such Consent as aforesaid, to convey and assure the same unto the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Charles Thorp, or his Successors, for the Purchase Money or Purchase Monies shall effectually discharge the Person or Persons paying the same; and the Monies to arise from such Sale or Sales shall be applied by the said Charles Thorp, or his Successors, in Payment of the Purchase Money of the said Rights of Intercommon; and in case there shall be any Surplus of such Monies, then such Surplus shall be applied by the said Charles Thorp, and his Successors, towards defraying the Proportion of the Expences of obtaining this Act, and of carrying this Act into Execution, chargeable on the Rector of the said Parish of Ryton for the Time being.

Power for Rector to lease Allotments.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Rector for the Time being of the said Rectory, by Indenture or Indentures under his Hand and Seal, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Bishop of Durham for the Time being, who is the Bishop of the Diocese and Patron of the said Rectory, to lease and demise all or any Part or Parts of the Allotment or Allotments so to be set out and allotted to such Rector by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Per-

8 sons

109

4° GEORGII IV.

sons whomsoever, for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, so that the Rent or Rents for the same shall be thereby reserved to the Rector for the Time being, by Quarterly Payments in every Year, and so there be thereby also reserved and made payable to such Rector the best and most improved Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had or gotten for the same, without taking any Fine, Foregift, Premium, Sum of Money, or other Consideration for making or granting such Lease or Demise, and so as that no such Lessee, by any such Lease or Demise, be made dispunishable for Waste by any express Words to be therein contained, and so that there be inserted in every such Lease, Power of Re-entry on Nonpayment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved, within a reasonable Time, to be therein limited, after the same shall become due, and so that a Counter-part of such Lease be duly executed by the Lessee or Lessees to whom such Lease shall be so made as aforesaid; and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual, any thing in the said recited Acts, or any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that whenever any Lease or Leases so to be granted by any such Rector shall by any means become forfeited or void, or be surrendered before the Expiration by Effluxion of Time of the Term or Terms thereby granted, then and in such Case, and as often as the same shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful for such Rector for the Time being, by and with such Consent and Approbation as herein-before mentioned, to grant a new Lease of the Lands so demised for such Term or Terms of Years as shall, at the Time or Times of such Avoidance, be then to come and unexpired, of the original Lease or Leases, subject nevertheless to the Provisions and Conditions contained in such original Lease or Leases, and then remaining unperformed and capable of taking effect.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be set out and allotted to the Rector of Ryton for the Time being, as an Equivalent or Compensation for Tythes, and in respect of the Glebe Lands of the Rectory of Ryton aforesaid, shall be respectively inclosed, hedged, and fenced by the said Commissioner, or such Person or Persons as he shall appoint so to fence the same; and the Expellees of such inclosing, hedging, and fencing the said several Allotments shall be paid and defrayed out of the Monies to be raised for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, in such Proportions and in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall direct; and after making such Inclosures, Hedges, and Fences, the same shall be for ever after kept in Repair by the said Rector and his Successors, and the Owner or Owners of any adjoining Allotment or Allotments, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall by his Award direct; and the several other Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced at the Expence of the respective Proprietors to whom such Fences shall be allotted or directed to belong, with Ditches and Quickset Hedges, or in such other Manner, and within such Time, as the said Commissioner shall by his Award direct or appoint.

[Private.'] ee XXIX. And

The Rector’s Allotments, &c. to be fenced.

110

The Lord’s One-sixteenth of Barlow Fell, &c. to be subdivided.

4° GEORGII IV.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shah set out and allot the said Messuages, Mills, Tenements, and other Erections and Buildings which have been erected upon the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Barlow Fell, Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise If i tiling ton, and the several Parcels thereof which have been inclosed and are now enjoyed by the Lords of the Soil, their Lessees or Assigns, and also the said One-sixteenth Part or Share of the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Barlow Fell, Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, herein-before directed to be allotted to and for the Lords and Ladies of the said Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington in specific Shares amongst them the said Lords and Ladies of the said last-mentioned Manor in proportion to the Number of Eighth Shares of the said Manor to which they are respectively entitled.

Allotments to

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every be of the Allotment and Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of same Tenure Waste Ground respectively, which shall by virtue of this Act be made,

astheancient , y J r> • o

Lands. set out, or allotted to any Person or Persons tor or in respect or any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be held in the same Manner and by the same Tenure, and be subject to the same yearly and other Rents, Payments, Duties, Dues, and Services to the respective Lords of the several Manors of Winlaton otherwise Winlington and Chester for the Time being, as the several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for or in respect of which such Allotments were respectively made, are and have heretofore been holden respectively; and the respective Lords of the said several Manors of Chester and Winlaton otherwise Winlington for the Time being, shall have the same Powers, Liberties, and Authorities for recovering and enforcing the same respectively, as he or they could or might have had in respect of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, before the passing of this Act.

Allotments to

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Allotment be Parcel of and Allotments of the said, several Commons, Moors, or Tracts of the ancient Waste Ground intended to be divided and inclosed, which shall be made

Tenements. for or *n respect of any Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be considered, deemed, and taken to be Part and Parcel of the several ancient Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for or in respect of which the same was or were so allotted, and shall from Time to Time pass and be surrendered by, and holden in and by the like Surrenders and Admittances as such ancient Copyhold or Customary Premises are or have been usually passed, holden, or surrendered by, and shall be surrendered, admitted to, demised and demisable either together with or separately from the said ancient Estates in respect of which the same were respectively allotted, in such Manner, and subject to such Suit of Court, Duties, Powers and Customs, as the same ancient Estates are now holden by, enjoyed, and admitted to, demised and subject to respectively : Provided always, that the several ancient Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and

Heredita-

4° GEORGII IV. 7. HI

Hereditaments in respect of which any Allotment or Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground respectively, shall be set out or allotted by virtue of this Act, and the Allotment or Allotments in respect thereof shall not, nor shall any of them be subject to the Payment or Performance of any new or increased yearly or other Rents, Payments, Dues, Duties, or Services whatsoever, to the Lord of the said Manor of Chester for the Time being, but that every ancient Copyhold or Customary Tenement, together with and including the Allotment set out in respect thereof, shall continue subject and liable only to the Payment and Performance of the same Rents, Payments, Dues, Duties and Services, as such ancient Copy-hold or Customary Tenement was subject and liable to at the Time of passing this Act, and no more; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Al- Allotments to lotments to be made and set out by virtue of this Act, in Right of any be made to Property under Lease at Rack Rent, shall be allotted and set out to the respective Lessors or Landlords, and shall be held and enjoyed shall make by them free from all Right and Interest of their respective Lessees Compensa-or Tenants; and such respective Lessors or Landlords, their Heirs t,on* or Assigns, or the Persons seised of their Estates for the Time being, shall make such Abatement out of the Rents reserved by such Leases respectively, on account of the Determination of the Common Rights comprised therein, as the said Commissioner shall judge reasonable, and shall in and by his Award or any other Writing under his Hand ascertain, direct or appoint.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Separate Al-Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments which lotments for shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this or the said recited jfv Mferent* Acts, shall hold their respective Lands or Hereditaments by dif- Titles, ferent Tenures, or for different Estates or under different Titles, the said Commissioner shall ascertain and distinguish the Lands or other Hereditaments held by or under each of such respective Tenures,

Estates or Titles, and shall accordingly in his Award set out and distinguish distinct and several Allotments for such respective Lands and other Hereditaments.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Power of Sale Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allot- previous to ments under or by virtue of this Act (except the said Rector for the the Execution Time being, and the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Award* of the said Township of Ryton Woodside) to give, grant, bargain, sell, demise, mortgage, convey and assure the same at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner for his or their expectant Estate or Interest therein $ and every such Gift,

Grant, Bargain, Sale, Demise, Mortgage, Conveyance, and Assurance thereof shall be of the same Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the said Award; and it shall also be lawful for any of the Owners or Proprietors of any Common Right upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed to sell and dispose of the same, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made and

set

112 4° GEORGII IV

t [al,. »>;c,"Trr deg uW*

set out in respect thereof by virtue of this Act, either together with or separately and distinctly from the Estate in Right of which he or she is or may be entitled to the same, in such Manner as he or she might have done at any Time after the Execution of the said Award.

Tower to make Exchanges.

H)

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish of Ryton,\ in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, Or Here*J> ditaments whatsoever within the said Parish or within an^ adjoining Parish, Township or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in and by the Award of the said Commissioner, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, Fee-Tail, General or Special, or by Courtesy of England, or for a Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, and by and with the Consent of the Lessor or Lessors of any Leasehold Hereditaments, but not otherwise, or with the Consent or the Guardians; Trustees, Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or for such Owners who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself (such Consents to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of every such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively); and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intent and Purposes whatsoever; provided that no such Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be situate. lo eutiiv

Expence of

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Costs, Exchanges. Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Sales, Exchanges, or Partitions to be made by virtue of this or the said first recited Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the several Persons making such Sales, Exchanges, and Partitions, in such Manner, Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall by any Writing under his Hand direct.

Lands al-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Lands, lotted or Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be allotted on taken m Ex- such Division or Inclosure, or received or taken in Exchange or on main^Vthe6" Partiti°n as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act or the said first recited same Uses. Act, shall, immediately after such Allotments, Exchanges, and Partitions respectively shall be so made, vest in and go and remain to such and the same Persons respectively, for such and the same Estates and

9 Interests

113

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 7.

Interests respectively, and to, for, upon, with, under, and subject to such and the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, Conditions, Charges, Incumbrances, Limitations, Remainders, Reversions, and Dispositions, by Will or otherwise respectively, as the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Rights, and Hereditaments respectively, in lieu of which such Allotments were made, or such Lands or Hereditaments to be received in Exchange or on Partition respectively were vested in, to, for, upon, with, under, and subject to, immediately before such Allotments, Exchanges, and Partitions were respectively made, or would have been vested in and gone and remained to in case such Allotments, Exchanges, and Partitions respectively, and this Act had not been made (Leases at Rack Rent excepted); and that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, annul, make void, or alter any Will, Codicil or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Jointure, Dower, Portion, Debt, Mortgage, Charge, or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided and allotted as aforesaid, or which shall be exchanged as aforesaid, further or otherwise than by substituting the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be allotted or received in Exchange as aforesaid, for and instead of the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments in lieu of which the same shall be so allotted or received in Exchange or on Partition respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Inclosures or Encroachments within or upon, or which shall have been taken from or out of the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Barlow Fell, Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, for which any Acknowledgment shall have been paid to the Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, (and not to the Lords of the Soil alone,) and all Inclosures or Encroachments within or upon, or which shall have been taken from or out of the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land called Wood-side Common and Barmoor, for which any Rent or Acknowledgment shall have been paid to the Grieve of Ryton for the Time being, within the Space of Twenty Years last past, shall be respectively deemed Part of the Lands to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, to prepare Two Lists or Schedules in Writing, specifying in the First of the said Schedules such of the several Cottages and Buildings standing in or upon any Encroachments which have been taken from or out of the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Woodside Common and Barmoor respectively, for which any Rent or Acknowledgment shall have been paid to the Grieve of Ryton for the Time being, within the Space of Twenty Years last past, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioner ought to be taken down; and in the Second of the said Schedules, such of the said Cottages and Buildings as in the Judgment of the said Commissioner will not be prejudicial to the general

[Private.'] jy Benefit

Encroachments to be deemed Part of the Lands to be inclosed.

Powers as to the Cottages on Barmoor and Woodside Common.

114

4° GEORGII IV. 1

Benefit of the Persons' interested in the said Inclosure if permitted to remain standing; which said Lists or Schedules shall be signed by the said Commissioner, and shall be deposited in the Office of his Clerk, and be open for Inspection to all Persons interested; and a fair Copy of each of the said Lists or Schedules, signed by the Commissioner, shall be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Ryton aforesaid, on the Sunday next before the Completion of the same respectively, immediately after Divine Service; and the respective Tenants or Occupiers of such of the said Cottages and Buildings as shall be specified in the said First Schedule, shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to take down the same, and to dispose of and remove the Materials thereof, for their respective Use and Benefit, at any Time before the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Sunday on which the said Schedule shall be so affixed on the said Church Door as aforesaid; and if any of such last-mentioned Cottages or Buildings shall remain standing after, or the Materials thereof shall not be removed before the Expiration of such Six Calendar Months, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner forthwith to take down the same Cottages and Buildings, and to sell, dispose of, and remove the Materials thereof in such manner as he shall think proper, paying the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the Expences of taking down and removing the said Cottages and Buildings, and of selling and removing the said Materials, to the said respective Tenants of the same; and the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby empowered and required to make an Estimate or Valuation of the Materials of such of the said Cottages and Buildings as shall be specified in the said Second Schedule, and to pay or allow the Amount thereof to the respective Persons holding the same Cottages and Buildings, from and out of the Money produced by the Sales herein-after directed to be made; and after such Estimate and Valuation shall be made, the said last-mentioned Cottages and Buildings, and the Sites thereof, and the Garths attached to and belonging to the same respectively, shall be sold and disposed of in manner following; that is to say, the Commissioner shall and he is hereby requited to give Notice in Writing to the said respective Tenants of such last mentioned Cottages and Buildings of the Price or Sum which he the said Commissioner shall deem to be the Value of the Premises in their respective Occupations, and such respective Tenants shall have the Option of purchasing the same Premises at the Price or Sum specified in such Notice (such Option to be signified in Writing to the said Commissioner or his Clerk within Forty Days next after such Notice shall be delivered); and all such of the said Cottages, Buildings, and Garths as shall not be so purchased by the respective Tenants of the same, shall be sold and disposed of by the said Commissioner to such other Person or Persons, for such other Price or Prices, and in such manner, as he the said Commissioner shall think fit; and upon or after Payment to the said Commissioner of the Money for which the several Premises hereby made saleable shall be sold, he the said Commissioner shall by his Award, or by any other Instrument or Instruments in Writing under his Hand and Seal, allot and award the same Premises to the respective Purchasers thereof or otherwise as such Purchasers shall by any Writing under their - *'/ 6 respective

115

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 7.

respective Hands direct; and such last-mentioned Allotments shall immediately from and after the Execution by the said Commissioner of the Award, or such other Instrument or Instruments as last aforesaid, be vested in and held and enjoyed by the Persons to whom the same shall be respectively allotted and awarded in Fee-simple, subject only to the Rights, Powers, and Privileges herein-after expressly reserved.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commis-and for the said Commissioner, in and by his said General Award, sioner to set to set out, allot, and award such Ways, Passages, Yards, Gardens, °ut JJra^e Pieces of Land, and other Conveniences, to or for the Use of and to ^se of the6 be attached to the Cottages, Buildings, and Garths which shall be Cottages sold, so sold by virtue of this Act, as he the said Commissioner shall think convenient or necessary.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if in the Judg- Commis-ment of the said Commissioner the said respective Tenants of such s,oner em-Cottages and Buildings as aforesaid, or any of them, shall be entitled further to or ought to receive any further or greater Compensation than the Compensa-Value of the Materials of such Cottages and Buildings as aforesaid, tiontothe it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby em- Tenants of powered to allow and pay to such respective Tenants, or any of them, CottaSes* such further and additional Sum of Money as he the said Commissioner shall in his Discretion think a fair and reasonable Compensation for the Money expended by such Tenants, or any of them, in, about, or in respect of the Buildings or other Improvements upon the Premises held by them respectively; and such additional Sums of Money shall be allowed and paid from and out of the Money produced by the Sales herein-before authorized to be made; and in case the Person or Persons in Possession of any of the Premises hereby made saleable, shall refuse to give up the Possession thereof to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the same, and it shall become necessary for such Purchaser or Purchasers to proceed either at Law or in Equity to recover the Possession of the said Premises, then and in every such Case the Costs of such Proceedings shall be satisfied by the said Commissioner from and olit of the Money to be allowed as a Compensation to the Tenant or Tenants thereof; and such Tenant or Tenants shall in that Event be entitled to receive the Surplus only (if any) of such Money, alter such Costs shall be deducted therefrom.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That subject to and after Pay- Application ment of the Sum and Sums of Money herein-before directed to be paid of Surplus and allowed thereout, and after deducting the Expences attending ^in^from the Sales herein-before authorized to be made, the Money produced sales'of Cot-by such Sales shall be applied in defraying such Proportion of the tages. Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining, this Act, and of carrying the same into Execution, as shall be apportioned in manner hereinafter mentioned, in respect of the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Woodside Common and Barmoor respectively.

116

Final Surplus produced by Sale to be divided between Proprietors according to t.heir Interest.

Commissioners Allowance.

=*iaicnOvj

<=ciA gSarioii

For paying Expences.

4° GEORGII IV. Qtp.7.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Rights of

\ Intercommon, and such Cottages and Buildings, and Parts or Parcels of the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground respectively, which shall be sold under the Authority of this Act, shall be sold for more Money than shall be required to defray the respective Proportions of the Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, in respect of which the same are herein-before respectively directed to be applied, then and in such Case such Surplus Money shall be divided and apportioned amongst the several Proprietors of and other Persons interested in the said Rights of Intercommon, and the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground respectively, in such Shares as shall be in proportion to such their respective Property, Rights an^l Interest; and the respective Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants in Fee of their respective Allotments shall be paid to them respectively, and the Shares of such other Proprietors or Persons of and in such Surplus Money, shall be applied and disposed of in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, in case any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and '\vhich Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses,1 1C> "iJ

* # rj- , ,y j i '\QLl

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner acting in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers hereby vested in him, shall be allowed and paid, in Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expences, the Sum of Two Guineas, and no more, for every Day in which he shall be employed in carrying this Act into Execution; and at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act such Commissioner shall pay his own Expences.

, - t - ’ l ' s ' 1 T i f't p

XLV. And be it further enacted, That as well the Fees and Payments to the said Commissioner, as also the Charges and Expences attending the soliciting, obtaining, and passing this Act, and of the surveying, planning and measuring, dividing and allotting the said several Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground^ and of the preparing, making, executing, and inrolling the said Award of the said Commissioner, the several Instruments of Appointment, and of setting out the Highways or Roads, and of making any new Highways or Roads which shall be set out and appointed, or directed to be made by the said Commissioner, and all other Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this Act, shall be divided into Three Parts of such relative Proportions as the said Commissioner shall think fit; and one of such Parts shall be borne and paid by the several and respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the sard Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground, called Barlow Felly Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, shall be respectively made, in proportion to the real Value of their respective Allotments, to be settled and ascertained by such Commissioner, and out of the Purchase Monies hereinbefore directed to be applied for that Purpose; another of such Parts

shall

’ J . i - - ’

117

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 7.

U nnnn rjr 4nfJT jf SQ b:-'.

shall be borne and paid by the several and respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Woodside Common, shall be respectively made, in proportion to the real Value of their respective Allotments, to be settled and ascertained as aforesaid; and the Third of the said Parts shall be paid and borne by the several and respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Bat'moor, shall be respectively made, in proportion to the real Value of their respective Allotments, to be settled and ascertained as aforesaid, and out of the Purchase Monies herein-before directed to be applied for that Purpose; and the same shall be severally paid at such Time or Times, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, as shall be settled, adjudged, determined, and directed by the said Commissioner by any Writing under his Hand, and the same shall and may be levied and recovered in such Manner as is provided or mentioned in the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, except so far as is herein-before directed to the contrary : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall subject the Rector for the Time being of the said Parish of Ryton to the Payment of any Portion of the Charges and Expences aforesaid, in respect of the Allotment herein-before directed to be made to him for a Churchyard or Cemetery for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Township of Winlaton, nor to subject the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time, of the said respective Townships, to any Portion of the said Charges and Expences in respect of the Allotments to be made to them by virtue of this Act. wt

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Temporal Chancellor of the said County of Durham for the Time being shall be and is hereby appointed Auditor of the Commissioner’s Accounts; and the Accounts of the Commissioner for the Time being, containing a true Statement of all Sums by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences, shall, at least once in every Year, from the passing of this Act until such Accounts shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the same, be examined by the said Auditor for the Time being; and that no Charge or Item in such Account shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid

in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by the said Auditor.

-ilglri wsn yak gmaluft •’ f

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the general Award to be made by the said Commissioner, pursuant to the Directions of the said first-recited Act, together with such Plans and Surveys as may be annexed thereto, shall, within the Space of Twelve Months after the Execution of the said Award, be respectively lodged and deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Durham, to the end that the same may be preserved amongst the Records of the said Court, and that recourse may be had thereto respectively by any Person or Persons whomsoever.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall

graze or keep any sort of Cattle whatsoever in or upon any of the ublic Roads or Ways within the said Parish of Ryton, which the [Private a g said

Commissioner’s Accounts to be audited and settled.

Award and Plans to be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for Durham.

Cattle not to graze in the Public Roads.

118

Reservation of Mines, &c. under Barlow Fell, Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton.

4° GEORGII IV. ' Cap. 7.

said Commissioner shall order and direct to be set out and fenced on either Side, or both Sides, after the making and executing his said Award; and any Proprietor or Occupier of Lands or Tenements within the said Parish, and his or her Servants or Labourers, is and are hereby empowered to take and impound every Horse, Ass, Bullock, Cow, Sheep, Lamb, or other Beast which shall be so found grazing as aforesaid, at any Time or Times after any Quicksets shall be planted next the said Roads or Ways so fenced off as aforesaid and that no Horse, Ass, Bullock, Cow, Sheep, Lamb, or other Beast or Cattle shall be kept in any of the said Allotments or new Inclosures to be made in pursuance of this Act, during the Space of Seven Years, from the Time or Times the Fences thereof shall have been planted, made or completed, unless the Person keeping any such Cattle shall first, at his or their own Expence, fence off the Quicksets of the Person or Persons whose Allotment or Inclosure shall adjoin upon those wherein any such Cattle shall be so kept, so as to prevent any Damage being done thereby to such neighbouring Quicksets; ami in case any Person or Persons shall turn or keep any Horse, Ass, Bullock, Cow, Sheep, Lamb, or other Beast or Cattle in any such Allotment or •Inclosure, without first raising and keeping up such Fence as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Occupier of any adjoining Allotment or Inclosure, or his or her Servant or Labourer, to enter thereon, and to take, drive away, and impound the same as Cattle Damage Feasant.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed or adjudged to defeat, lessen, prejudice, or anywise affect the Right, Title, or Interest of the Loros and Ladies of the said Manor of Winlaton otherwise Win-lington, or of the said Marquis of Lansdowne, of, in, and to the Coal Mines and Seams of Coal Mines, and Seams of Clay and Ironstone, and other Mines, Minerals and Quarries, as well opened as not opened, within and under the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Barlow Fell, Beda Hillss and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, and within and under the inclosed Lands of the same Manor; and that the Lords and Ladies of the said Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, and the said Marquis of Lansdowne, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, have, hold, work, and enjoy exclusively all and every the Collieries and Coal Mines, Seam and Seams of Coal, Mines and Seams of Clay and Ironstone, and all other Mines, Minerals and Quarries of what nature or kind soever, lying, being, or remaining within or under the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Barlow' Fell, Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, and within or under the inclosed Lands of* the same Manor (subject only to the Rights and Privileges by this Act reserved and given with respect to the Quarries of Stonej) together with all convenient and necessary Ways and Way-leaves, in, through, over, and along the same, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, not only before but also at all Times after the same shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed in pursuance of this Act, and full and free Liberty at all Times hereafter of making, laying* repairing, and LA1 6 using

H9

4° GEORGII j IV ( Cap. 7.

using any new Road or Roads, Waggon Way or Waggon Ways, or any other Way or Ways whatsoever, in, through, over, and along the same or any Part thereof, and for that Purpose to take away and remove any Hedges, Pences, Trees, Partitions, or other Obstructions which shall be made for dividing the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Barlow Fell, Beda Hills, and the Wastes of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, or otherwise, or which shall be standing or growing thereon, and to do every Act either now in use, or hereafter to be invented, which shall be necessary to be done for the Purpose of searching for, draining, winning, working, leading, and carrying away the Produce of the said Mines, Minerals and Quarries; and also of carrying and leading all Iron, Wood, Mate*

* rials, and Things unto the said Mines and Quarries needful, necessary, or proper for the draining, winning, working, and use of the same respectively, and of making Pits, Shafts, Pit Rooms. Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, Watercourses, and Drains, and of erecting and using Fire Engines and other Engines, Workshops, and other Buildings, (except Dwelling Houses,) Hay Yards, and Raft Yards, and all other necessary or convenient Works, Buildings, Erections, Liberties, Powers, and Authorities, either now in use or hereafter to be invented, together also with full and free Liberty, Power and Authority, from Time to Time and at all Times, at their Will and Pleasure, to remove and take away and convert to their own Use and Uses, all and every the Rails, Sleepers, Iron, Timber, and other Materials of the same Waggon Ways and other Ways, Pits, Shafts, Fire Engines, and other Engines, Shops, and other Works, Buildings, and other Erections whatsoever, already laid, placed, built, or erected, or hereafter to be laid, placed, built, or erected as aforesaid, as fully and freely as they might or could have held, used, or enjoyed the same, in case this Act had not been passed, they doing as little Damage as may be, and making reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Tenants, or Occupiers respectively, of the Allotments in, upon, or through which such Mines, Minerals and Quarries, Roads, Ways or other Works, shall be wrought, made, laid, or carried on for the Destruction, Damage, and Spoil of Ground occasioned thereby, to be recovered by Action or Actions at Law.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed or adjudged to defeat, lessen, prejudice, or anywise affect the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lords and Ladies of the said Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties incident and belonging to the said Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington \ but that the Lords and Ladies of the said Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, as Lords and Ladies of the said Manor of Winlaton otherwise Winlington, and all succeeding Lords thereof, for the Time being, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all Courts, Perquisites, and Profits of Courts, Rents, Services, Waifs, Estrays, and all Royalties, Jurisdictions^ Matters, and Things whatsoever, to the said Manor’incident, belonging or appertaining, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as ■•■Ttfsr " they

Saving the Royalties to the Lords of the Manor of Winlaton.

120

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 7.

they might or could have held or enjoyed the same, in case this Act had not been passed.

Reservation of Power to the Lord of the Manor of Chester, &c. to grant Way leave over Wood-side Common:

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Lord of the said Manor of Chester, and the several other Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Woodside Common shall be made, or the major Part of such last-mentioned Persons, shall have and enjoy in common full Power to grant unto any Person or Persons whomsoever all convenient and necessary Ways and W ay leaves in, through, over, and along the same Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Woodside Common, not only before, but also at ail Times after the same shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed in pursuance of this Act, and full and free Liberty of making, laying, repairing, and using any Road or Roads, Waggon Way or Waggon Ways, or other Way or WTays whatsoever, in, through, over or along the same Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground; and for that Purpose to take away and remove any Hedges, Fences, Trees, Partitions, or other Obstructions which shall be made for dividing the same Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, and to do every Act, eithernow in use or hereafter to be invented, for leading and carrying away the Produce of any Mines, Minerals and Quarries, other than the Mines, Minerals, and Quarries within and under the same Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground; and also of carrying and leading all Iron, Wood, Materials, and Things unto the said Mines and Quarries, needful, necessary, or proper for the draining, winning, working, and use of the same respectively; together also with full and free Liberty, Power, and Authority to remove and take away, and convert to his or their own Use or Uses, all and every the Rails, Sleepers, Iron, Timber, and other Materials of the said Waggon Ways, and other Ways to be laid or placed as aforesaid, he or they doing as little Damage as may be, and making reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Tenants, or Occupiers respectively, through which such Ways shall be laid or carried for the Destruction, Damage, or Spoil of Ground occasioned thereby, to be recovered by Action or Actions at Law; and the Rents and Profits arising from the Grant or Grants of such Ways and Way-leaves to the Lord of the said Manor of Chester, and the said several Persons aforesaid, shall be paid to, apportioned and divided amongst them, in proportion to the real Value of their several and respective Allotments.

Reservation

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Lord of of the same the said Manor of Chester, and the several other Persons to whom Power as to any Allotment or Allotments of the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Barmoor shall be made, or the major Part of such last-mentioned Persons, shall have and enjoy the same Power to grant Ways and Way-leaves in, through, over, and along the same Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Barmoor, as herein-before mentioned, in respect of the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground called Woodside Common; and the Rents and Profits arising therefrom shall be paid, apportioned, and divided in like Manner.

. _ . 1

LTII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed or adjudged to defeat, lessen, or Woodside prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lord of the said Manor common and oi Chesteri of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties incident and Barmoor to belonging to the said Manor of Chester, but that the said Lord of the t^e^i1ord said Manor shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times Chester!01* ° hereafter, hold and enjoy all Courts, Perquisites, and Profits of Courts,

Rents, Services, Waifs, Estrays, and all Royalties, Jurisdictions,

Matters, and Things whatsoever, to the said Manor incident, belonging or appertaining, in as full, ample and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as he or they might or would have enjoyed the same if this Act had not been passed; and that the Lord of the said Manor of Chester, and all Persons claiming under him and them, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times, have, hold, work, and enjoy exclusively, all and every the Collieries and Coal Mines, Seam and Seams of Coal, Mines and Seams of Clay and Iron Stone, and all other Mines, Minerals and Quarries of what nature or kind soever, lying, being, or remaining within or under the said Commons, Moorsr, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Woodside Common and Barmoor,

(subject only to the Rights and Privileges by this Act reserved and given with respect to the Quarries of Stone,) together with all corn-; venient and necessary Ways and Way-leaves in, through, over, and along the same or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, not only before but also at all Times after the same shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed in pursuance of this Act, and full and free Liberty at all Times hereafter of making, laying, repairing and using any new Road or Roads, Waggon Way or Waggon Ways, or any other Way or Ways whatsoever, in, through, over, and along the same or any Part thereof, and for that Purpose to take away and remove any Hedges,

Fences, Trees, Partitions, or other Obstructions which shall be made for dividing the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground called Woodside Common and Barmoor, or otherwise, or which shall be standing or growing thereon, and to do every Act, either now iny use, hereafter to be invented, which shall be necessary to bh done for the Purpose of searching for, draining, winning, working, leadkigj, gjM^aiyying away the Produce of the said Mines, Minerals, a[pir Qpa4T§^ anW alsp : of carrying and leading all Iron, Wood, J^enqls^and, pilings uiifo the said Mines and Quarries needful, necessary," or^ropeji' for the draining, winning, working, and use of the same respectively, and of making Pits, Shafts, Pit Rooms, Heap Ropms^ Drifts, Levels, Watercourses, and Drains, and of erecting and usingpire Engines and other Engines, Workshops and other Buildings (except Dwelling Houses), Hay Yards and Raft Yards, and all other necessary or convenient Works, Buildings, Erections, Liberties,

Powers and Authorities, either now In use or; hereafter to be invented, together also with full and free Liberty, I^ower, and Authority from Time to Time and at all Times, at hia and their Will and Pleasure, to remove and take away and convert %o hisj and their Use and Uses, all and every the Kails, Sleepers, Iron, f|Timber, and other Materials of the said Waggon Ways and other, Ways, Pit Shafts, Fire Engines, and other Engines, Shops, and other Works, Buildings, and other Erections whatsoever,.already laid, placed, built, or erected, or hereafter to be laid, placed, built, or erected as aforesaid, as fully and [Private,hh - freely

No Satisfaction for Damage by working Mines to be paid by the Lords for the first Twenty Years;

122 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 7.

freely as he or they might or could have held, used, or enjoyed the same in case this Act had not been passed, he or they doing as little Damage as may be, and making reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Tenants or Occupiers respectively of the Allotments in, upon, or through which such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, Roads, Ways, or other Works shall be wrought, made, laid, or carried on, for the Destruction, Damage, and Spoil of Ground occasioned thereby, to be recovered by Action or Actions at Law.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Lords of the Manor of Winlaton otherwise Wilding ton aforesaid, and the said Marquis of Lansdowne, and the Lord of the said Manor of Chester, or their or any of their Lessees, or any Person or Persons claiming under them, or any of them, shall not be liable to pay or make any Satisfaction whatsoever for any Damage or Spoil of Ground to be done or occasioned to any Allotment or Allotments for or by reason of working any Coal Mine or Coal Mines, or leading away the Produce thereof, for the Space or Term of Twenty Years after the passing of this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That reasonable Satisfaction shall be made for any such Damages or Spoil of Ground as last aforesaid, during the said Term of Twenty Years, to the Person or Persons in whose Allotment or Allotments the same shall happen or be occasioned, by the several and respective Persons and Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Proprietors of the Allotments of the said several Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground respectively, in proportion and according to the Value of such respective Allotments, annually, during the Continuance of such Damages or Spoil of Ground; such Satisfaction to be recovered by Action or Actions at Law.

Proprietors

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be of Allotments lawful for the Owners and Occupiers of the Allotments to be made

Stones for the v^rtue of this Act at any Time or Times to win, work, and get Use of AI- Stones within their respective Allotments; and also to win, work, lotments. and get Stones in and out of the Common Quarry or Quarries to be set out by the said Commissioner for the Use of the said Lands to be so allotted to them respectively, but not for the Purpose of Sale, or for any other Purpose whatsoever.

But Satisfaction for such Damages to be made by the Owners of the Allotments.

Appeal to tha

Quarter

Sessions,

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done by or under Authority of the said Commissioner in pursuance of this Act or of the said recited Acts (other than and except such Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-before directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, and determined by Arbitration, or by the Verdict of a Jury, or whereby any of the Provisions of this Act, or of the said recited Acts, the Determinations, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioner are directed to be final or conclusive), then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the said County of Durham, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and the said Justices in their

11 ' said

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 7. 1

said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

LVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Saving. Bodies Politic and Corporate,his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns (other than and except the respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land, or other Compensation, shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Compensation shall be made, and except such other Rights and Interests as the Intents and Purposes of the Inclosure hereby authorized shall require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished by this Act), all such Estates,

Rights, and Interests as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, for, in, and to, or in respect of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed, if this Act had not been passed.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed Evidence by the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly Clause, authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 8.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thame and Sydenham in the County of Oxford.

[23d May 1823.]

WHEREAS there are within the several Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties of Old Thame, Priestend, and Moreton, in the Parish of Thame in the County of Oxford, and in the Parish of Sydenham in the same County, divers Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds: And whereas the Right Honourable Montague Earl of Abingdon is Lord of the Manors of Old Thame and Priestend within the same Parish of Thame, and as such is entitled to the Soil of all the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manors; and Sophia Elizabeth Wykeham Spinster is Lady of the Manor of Moreton, within the said Parish of Thame, and of the Manor of Sydenham, and as such is entitled to the Soil of all the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manors of Moreton and Sydenham : And whereas John Blackall Esquire is seised of the Prebend or Rectory in Lay Fee of Thame aforesaid, and in Right thereof is or claims to be entitled to the First Growth of certain Meadows lying within the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties, or some or one of them, and of the Afterpasturage of the same or of some Part thereof, and the said John Blackallis also seised of or entitled to the perpetual Advowson and Right of Presentation of, in, and to the Vicarage of the Parish Church of Thame aforesaid, with the Church of Sydenham, amongst others thereto belonging; and the Reverend Timothy Tripp Lee Clerk, is now Vicar of the said Parish Churches, and in Right of the said Vicarage is entitled to certain Glebe [Private.] j j Lands

126

41G.3. c. 109.

2 G. 4. c. 23.

Commissioner appointed.

Power to elect future Commissioner.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.S.

Lands within the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties of Old Thame, Priestend, and Moreton, and the said Parish of Sydenham, or some or one of them : And whereas the said John Blackall and Timothy Tripp Lee, as such Rector and Vicar as aforesaid, are or claim to be entitled to all and every the Tithes both great and small, arising, renewing, and increasing, within the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties of Old Thame, Priestend, and Moreton, and the said Parish of Sydenham: And whereas the said Montague Earl of Abingdon, Sophia Elizabeth Wykeham Spinster, Philip Tho?nas Wykeham Esquire, and several other Persons are Owners and Proprietors of all the Messuages, Cottages, Homesteads, Lands, or Grounds in the said Township, Hamlets, or Liberties of Old Thame, Priestend, and Moreton, and in the said Parish of Sydenham, and of all Right ot Common thereto belonging, and are also Owners and Proprietors of all the Residue of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common-able Lands and Waste Grounds, intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas another Act was passed in (he Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the haw respecting the Inclosure of the Open Fields, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands in England : And whereas the Lands in the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows within the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties of Old Thame, Priestend, and Moreton, and the said Parish of Sydenham, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds yield but little Profit, and the same in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed; but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas James Tatham of Bedford Place in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, shall be and he is hereby appointed the Commissioner for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, and putting this Act in Execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after mentioned; and with such Powers, Directions, and Regulations as are contained in the Acts herein-before referred to, which shall be applied, deemed, and taken as Part of this Act, except in such Cases only as the same are hereby varied or altered.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Thomas James Tatham, or any future Commissioner to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall, previous to the finishing and completing the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure hereby authorized, die, refuse, neglect, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Acts, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value (such Value to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessments) of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, who shall be

4° GEORGII :IV. Cap.&o W-

be present at a Meeting to be holden in pursuance of Notice to be for that Purpose given by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors of Old Thame, Priestend, Moreton, and Sydenham tor the Time being, as soon after such Death, Refusal, Neglect, or Incapacity shall be known as conveniently may be, to nominate and appoint another fit and proper Person as a Commissioner, in the Room of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, neglecting, or becoming incapable of acting, not being interested in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice shall be given, by affixing the same on the principal outer Doors of the Parish Church of Thame and Sydenham aforesaid, and also inserted in Jackson s Oxford Journal, or some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Oxford; and so from Time to Time, as often as any Commissioner who shall be appointed in the Room of any Commissioner who shall die, refuse, neglect, or become incapable of acting, and all such future Vacancies in the said Commission shall be filled up in the like Manner; and the several Writings, appointing every such new Commissioner, shall be annexed to and enrolled and deposited with the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, and every such new Commissioner to be appointed, having first taken the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting in Execution this Act and the said recited Act, as if he had been named a Commissioner in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Appointment said Commissioner for putting this Act into Execution, in case and when of Clerk and he shall think fit so to do, to appoint some fit and proper Person to be his Survey°r* Clerk, to assist him in carrying this Act into Execution, and also some

fit and proper Person to be Surveyor for the Purposes of this Act; and such Clerk and Surveyor from Time to Time to remove, and nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person to be Surveyor or Clerk as aforesaid, as to the said Commissioner shall seem meet; and such Clerk and Surveyor, to be appointed by the said Commissioner, shall be paid respectively such Sum or Sums of Money per Day, or otherwise, for their respective Pains or Trouble in attending the said Commissioner in the Execution of the said Act, as the said Commissioner shall think just and reasonable.

IV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies which shall be Commis-raised for defraying the Expence of obtaining, passing, and executing sioner’s Al-this Act, the said Commissioner shall be paid for each and every Day lovvance* he shall travel or be employed in any Business relating to the Execution of

this and the said recited Acts, or of any of the Powers hereby vested in him, the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings, and no more, in full Satisfaction for his Time and Trouble, and for the several Expences that he shall be put unto during his several Journies and Attendances in the Execution of this Act: Provided always, that all Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Inclosure, their Attornies, and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend at any Sitting to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner shall cause Notice of Notice to be given in the Parish Churches of Thame and Sydenham afore. Sittings, said, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or in Writing, to

be

128

Adjournment of Sittings.

How other Notices are to be given.

Sittings to be within Eight Miles of the Parish.

Commissioner to determine Differences,

but not to determine Titles.

Power to assess Costs.

4° GEORGII IV. 8.

be affixed upon the outer Door of such Churches respectively, or in such other Manner as he may think fit, of the Time and Place of his first and every other Sitting for the Execution of this Act, or of the Powers contained in the said recited Acts, at least Ten Days before any such Sitting shall be held (Sittings by Adjournment only excepted), and the said Commissioner shall and may adjourn such Sittings from Time to Time, as he shall see occasion, for the further Execution of this Act.

: t *>, I .Kf ..MO i / i / " (O' 4 - ’ »

•-J- v -1 -* tWJ-.'J* .'I. n ' v* f V.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary to be given, shall be given by Advertisement, to be inserted in Jackson’s Oxford Journal, or in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Oxford: Provided also, that all Sittings of the said Commissioner for executing this Act shall be held at some convehieift Place in the Parish of Thame aforesaid, or within the Distance of Eight Miles from the Boundaries thereof.

Vjhkvj I.<Yj v w i /A*:■'

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said Common and Waste Lands, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have" or claim to have in the same, or touching or concerning any Allotment or Compensation to be made in lieu thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the Division or Allotments hereby directed to be made, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required to examine into, and hear and determine the same : Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner shall, upon the hearing or determining of any Claim or Claims, or Objection or Objections ro be delivered to him in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Act, see cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination shall be made by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whose Claim or Claims, or Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic. Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

129

Allowing Parties to try their Rights at Law.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 8.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioner touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests, which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the said Lands and Grounds, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate so dissatisfied, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination shall have been made known to him, her, or them, in Writing by the said Commissioner, to cause an Action to be brought in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, upon a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been so made, and to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner, at the first or second Assizes to be holden for the County of Oxford after the Commencement of such Action; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is or are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby the Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted on may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties differ about the same), and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, unless the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be given, and final Judgment obtained thereon, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials : Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioner, touching such Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds, which shall not be objected to, or which being objected to, and the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as herein-before directed, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties: Provided also, that before any Trial shall be had, the Party or Parties desiring the same shall give Twenty Days Notice of Trial, in Writing to the said Commissioner, of his, her, or their Desire to proceed to such Trial; and in case such Notice as aforesaid shall be given, no Part of the said Lands and Grounds shall be divided and allotted until after such Trial be had, and final Judgment obtained thereon.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any or either of the Parties in Suits not to

any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending abate on the the same, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be pro- Dea^h of the ceeded in as if no such Event had happened. Parties.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or In Cases of Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have Death of [Private.-] £ £ been Parties be.

Commissioner’s Determination not objected to, to be final.

Notice to be given of Trial, and Allotments suspended.

130

fore Actions brought, the same to be carried on and defended in their Names.

Persons in Possession not to be molested.

Encroachments within Twenty Years to be Part of Waste.

Encroachment for Twenty Years not to be allotted.

Date of Encroachments to be

4° GEORGII IV.

been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the same within the Time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioner with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent upon the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dying, and Proceedings shall be had therein as if such Person or Persons had been actually living, and the Right of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioner to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such Parties; but in case the said Commissioner shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, he shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been taken from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Inclosures and Encroachments which at any Time within Twenty Years now last past, have been made upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, shall be deemed Part thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Inclosure which shall at any Time before the passing of this Act have been made or continued from or upon the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, by or with the Grant or Licence of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for the Time being, of the said Manors of Old Thame, Priestend, Moreton, and Sydenham respectively, of the said Manors, or with the Consent of the Homage of the said Manors of Old Thamey Priestend, Moreton, and Sydenham respectively, and no Inclosure or Encroachment which shall have been made from or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, for Twenty Years or upwards antecedent to the passing of this Act, shall be thrown open, divided, allotted, or inclosed under the Provisions of this Act, or the Provisions of the Act before referred to; nor shall any such Inclosure or Encroachment as last aforesaid, nor the Houses, Cottages, Buildings, and other Erections thereupon, be considered as Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds; nor shall the Title or Titles derived under such Inclosure or Encroachment be disturbed by this Act, or any thing herein contained.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise as to the Space of Time during which any Inclosures or Encroachments shall have

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 8.

been made or have subsisted, the same shall be determined by the said Commissioner. missioner.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the alter Roads Peace acting in and for the said County of Oxford, not being interested in through an-the said Division and Inclosure, or in the Repairs of the said Roads, and cient Inclo-in manner and subject to Appeal as in this or the said recited Act is men- sures* tioned, and also subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions mentioned and contained in an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Tear of 55G.3. c. 68. His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, in so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a Public Highway, and to extend the Provisions of the same Acts to the slopping up of unnecessary Roads, to order and direct any Public High vays or Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footway or Footways, or other Road or Roads, Way or Ways, Path or Paths, through or over any old Inclosures, within the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties of Old Thame, Priestend, and Moreton, and in the said Parish of Sydenham, to be altered, turned, stopped up, or discontinued, in such Manner as the said Commissioner, with the Concurrence of such Justices, shall think proper.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any of the When Public Roads to be set out by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act Roads are shall be made and completed, it shall be lawful for any Two or more of ^com let His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Oxford, at any e|j e " Special Sessions to be holden by them, from Time to Time, to certify and shall be sup-declare, under their Hands and Seals, any such Public Carriage Roads, so ported as to be set out, to be fully and sufficiently formed, repaired, and completed,

and such Road or Roads, or so much thereof as shall in any such Cer- °a 8 ar#’ tificate be described or certified, shall thenceforth be supported and kept in Repair by such Persons, and in like manner as the Public Roads within the said Parish are or ought to be by Law amended and kept in Repair; and every such Certificate shall, at the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the County of Oxford next after the Date thereof, be filed of Record by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall Roads noi permit any Sort of Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, to graze in any High- to be deway, Lane, or Passage, which the said Commissioner shall order and Pastured-direct to be barred off or fenced on both Sides, nor lay any Dung,

Manure, Soil, or Compost in or upon the same; and any Occupier or Proprietors of Lands within the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties of

Old Thame, Priestend, and Moreton, and in the said Parish of Sydenham, and his, her, their or any of their Servants or Labourers, is and are hereby empowered m take and impound all such Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, so found grazing as aforesaid, as Cattle Damage feasant.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Right of the said Commissioner from Time to Time, and at any Time or Times be- Common fore the Execution of the said Award, by Notice in Writing under his may be «-Hand to be affixed upon the principal outer Doors of the Parish Churches tinSuisl,cdi

of

132 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 8.

of Thame and Sydenham aforesaid, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, to cease and become extinguished, or be suspended, from or for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing; and all such Rights of Common as the said Commissioner shall by such Writing order and direct to cease or be suspended as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, to be named by the said Commissioner as aforesaid, cease and be extinguished, or be suspended accordingly, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, after the passing of this Act, and before the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be set out, shall cut, dig, take, pare, or carry away any Land, Soil, Earth, Turf, Gravel, Furze, Sand, or Sods, in, upon, or from the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, without the Licence of the said Commissioner first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose, which Licence the said Commissioner is hereby empowered to grant, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalty may be levied and recovered by the said first recited Act; One Moiety of which Penalty or Penalties shall go and be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the respective Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Thame, or Parish of Sydenham, (as the Case may be), for the Benefit of such Poor respectively.

JFor shorten-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioner shall ing the deem it expedient and proper to shorten the Boundary Fences between Fences*^ *he Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and inclosed, and the Lands and Grounds in any Manor or Parish adjoining thereto, or to make the same regular, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioner, with the Consent in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor or Manors in which the Land is situate, and of the Owner or Owners of the Lands upon which any Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made, to set out the Boundary between the Lands and Grounds in any adjoining Manor or Parish, in such Manner as he shall judge proper for the Purpose aforesaid, and after such Boundaries shall be so set out as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person or Persons, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, as the said Commissioner shall direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the Townships, Hamlets, and Liberties of Old Thame, Priestendy and Moreton aforesaid, and the said Parish of Sydenham, and such adjoining Manor or Parish; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Drains.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Commissioner to widen, deepen, and scour out all such Drains, Ditches, and Watercourses, as well in, through, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as also in, over, and through any inclosed Lands in the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties, or either of them, and also shall and may set out, order, and direct such new Drains, Ditches, and Watercourses, and suchWater Gates, Banks, and

To prevent cutting Turf.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.S.

Bridges, to be made of such Breadth and Depth, in such Situation an 1 Direction as the said Commissioner shall think proper and necessary, the said Commissioner causing reasonable Compensation and Satisfaction o be made to all and every Person and Persons who shall sustain any Damage or Injury thereby; and the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required, in and by his said Award, to order and direct to whom and at whose Expence, at what Time, and in what Manner the said Drains, Ditches, and Watercourses, Water Gates, Banks, and Budges, shall be made, and thereafter repaired, cleansed, scoured, and maintained t Provided always, that no Watercourse shall be diverted or turned without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the Lands from which and into which any such Watercourse shall be diverted and turned, and carried or conveyed.

133

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Allotment and he is hereby required, if he shall deem it necessary, but not otherwise, jhr Watering before he makes any other Allotment of the said Lands and Grounds aces' &c* hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, to set out and allot to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors within which the Allotment or Allotments shall be situate, such Parts or Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds as he shall judge proper, not exceeding in the whole Two Acres, as and for Watering Places for Cattle, and as and for public Stone, Gravel, and Sand Pits, with convenient Roads and Ways to and from the same, to be used in common by the Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the said Parishes of Thame and Sydenham respectively or their Tenants for the Time being, in respect of their Estates within the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Allotments in the next Place assign, set out, allot, and award unto and for the Lord for Right of or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors of Old Thame and Priestend, 111 Com-

in lieu of his and their Right of Soil in and over the said Lands and wasteLands Grounds within the said Manors, so much and such Parts of the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioner shall be equal in Value to One-sixteenth Part of all the Waste Lands and Grounds within the said Manors of Old Thame and Priestend, and also shall assign, set out, allot, and award, unto and for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors of Moreton and Sydenham, in lieu of her and their Right of Soil in and pver the Lands and Grounds within the said Manors, so^ much and such Parts of the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and awarded, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioner shall be equal in Value to One-sixteenth Part of all the Waste Lands and Grounds within the said Manors of Moreton and Sydenham, such Allotments to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies respectively, to be over and beyond and exclusive of all Allotment and Allotments to be otherwise made to the said Lord or Lords, Lady 9$ Ladies respectively, in Satisfaction of oi for any Common of Pasture or Right of Pasture upon or over any Part of the Lands and Grounds hyThis Act directed to be divided and inclosed, in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements belonging to the said Lord or, Lords, or Lady or Ladies respectively, m right whereof any such Common of Pasture or Right of Pasture hath been heretofore used or enioved.

[Private.-] - - J 7

134

Allotment to the Rector and Vicar for Glebe and Common Rights.

Allotment to the Impropriator and Vicar for Tithes.

Allotment to the Im« propriator

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 8.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required, in the next Place, to set out and allot unto and for the said Prebendary of the said Prebend, and the said Timothy Tripp Lee, and his Successors, Vicars of the said Vicarage of Thame and Sydenham respectively, such Part and Proportion of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioner, be a full Satisfaction and Compensation for their respective Rights and Interests in the Meadow belonging to the said Rectory, and for the present uninclosed Glebe Lands belonging to the said Timothy Tripp Lee, Vicar as aforesaid, and for any Rights of Common appertaining to the same respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to set out and allot unto and for the Prebendary or Impropriator for the Time being of the said Prebend and Rectory, and unto and for the said Timothy Tripp Lee, and his Successors, Vicars of the said Parish of Thame, with the said Church of Sydenham, for and in lieu and satisfaction of and for the several and respective Rectorial and Vicarial Tithes yearly arising, issuing, and renewing out of all and every the said Open and Common Fields, Common Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties of Old Thame, Priestend, and Moreton, and in the said Parish of Sydenham, and out of the Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and other ancient Inclosures, Lands, and Grounds held in severalty within the same Tovrnships, Hamlets, or Liberties, and in the said Parish of Sydenham, which are subject to Tithes, such Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of the said Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds respectively, as shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioner, be equal to One-fifth Part in Value of all Arable Lands and Grounds, and One-eighth Part in Value of all Meadows and other Lands and Grounds within the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties of Old Thame, Priestend, and Moreton, and in the said Parish of Sydenham respectively, after deducting the Lands or Grounds set out for Roads, and the Allotments herein-before directed to be set out for Watering Places, and the Allotments to the Prebendary or Impropriator, and Timothy Tripp Lee respectively, for the said Meadow Ground and the said Vicarial Glebe Lands and Common Rights thereto belonging, which said Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Lands shall be taken and deducted from and out of the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties, and Parish of Sydenham respectively, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and shall be in full Satisfaction and Discharge of and for the said several and respective Rectorial and Vicarial Tithes arising, issuing, or renewing from and out of the said Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands and Grounds, and the said Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and other ancient Inclosures, Lands, or Grounds, held in Severalty in the Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties, and Parish of Sydenham aforesaid, except Easter Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees, which shall remain due and payable in the same Manner as before the passing of this Act.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so soon as conveniently may be, after the said Plot or Plots, Parcel or

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 8. 145

Parcels, shall have been so set out and allotted for and in lieu of the said "dbeV' Rectorial and Vicarial Tithes of the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liber- tioned> ties, and Parish of Sydenham, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to subdivide the said Plot or Plots, I aicel or Parcels, in Proportion to the respective Rights and Interests of the Impiopnatoi and Vicar of and in the Tithes in lieu and satisfaction whereof the said Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels, is or are hereinbefore directed to be awarded and made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the setting When Tithes out of the said Allotments in lieu of Tithes, or at such other Time as the shall cea8e-said Commissioner, in and by his Award, or by any Writing under his

Hand, shall fix and appoint, all Tithes in the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties aforesaid, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Allotments herein directed Allotments to be made to the Vicar of Thame for the Time being, for his Glebe and to the Im-Right of Common, as well as the Allotments to the said Impropriator and ^dPy^r Vicar, in respect of and in lieu of Tithes, as herein-before directed, shall to

be respectively inclosed and fenced round with such Hedges, Ditches, fenced at Mounds, or other Fences, as the said Commissioner shall think proper, the general and the Expences thereof, and of maintaining the said Hedges, Ditches, Ex Pence* Mounds, and Fences of the said Allotments to the said Vicar, for the Space of Five Years from the making thereof, shall be raised and paid in like Manner as the Expences of obtaining this Act and carrying the same into Execution are herein directed to be raised and paid, unless by this Act otherwise directed; and such several Hedges, Ditches, Mounds, and Fences shall for ever thereafter be maintained and supported by and at the Expence of such Person or Persons and in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall in and by his Award direct and appoint.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case there are any Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or other ancient inclosed Lands or Grounds in the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties and Parish of Sydenham, the respective Owners or Proprietors whereof shall not be entitled to any, or not to a sufficient Interest or Property in the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, to make Compensation for the Tithes issuing or payable from and out of the same, such Proprietors respectively shall pay or cause to be paid unto the said Commissioner, and at such Time or Times as he shall appoint, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioner shall adjudge and determine to be a full Compensation and Satisfaction for the Tithes, or Composition for Tithes, of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or other ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds respectively, or of such Part thereof for which a Compensation in Land cannot be made as aforesaid, which Sum or Sums shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of the several Persons from whose Allotment any Deduction shall have been made for making^ such Compensation for Tithes as aforesaid, attending the obtaining and passing this Act and carrying the same into Execution, and shall and may be raised and recovered in like Manner as the Rates for defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the obtaining and passing this Act are directed to be raised and recovered, and the Overplus (if any) shall be distributed among the several Persons interested in the said Lands

Proprietors not having sufficient Open Fields, Lands, &c. to make Compensation in Money for their Tithes.

136

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 8.

and Grounds, in Proportion to their several Rights and Interests; and the Proportions of such of the said Persons as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple shall be paid to them respectively, and the Proportions of the other of the said Persons shall respectively be paid and applied in the Manner directed by the said first recited Act with respect to Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, when any such last-mentioned Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

T6

Power for Tenants for Life, &c. of old Inclosures to charge their Estates with a Compensation for Tithes.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Committees, or Attornies of such Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability, and for any of the said Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or any other Contingency, to charge the Lands or Grounds which shall be thereby exonerated from Tithes as aforesaid with such Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid for the Exoneration from Tithes as last aforesaid, and the Proportion of the Costs and Expences incident to and attending this Act, and carrying the same into Execution, in respect of such Exoneration from Tithes, and to grant, mortgage, surrender, lease, or demise, or otherwise subject the Lands and Grounds so to be charged, unto such Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years, to and for the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money so advanced, thereby to be secured, with Interest for the same; or in case any Person or Persons in Possession, who shall or may be liable to and charged with a Share of the Expences as aforesaid, or enabled by this or the said first recited Act to charge such Lands and Grounds with the same, shall choose to advance, pay, and discharge such Sum and Sums of Money, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, by any Deed or Writing under his Hand and Seal, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, in like Manner to grant, mortgage, surrender, lease, or demise, or otherwise subject the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to such Person or Persons respectively paying and discharging the same-, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years, to and for the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money so advanced, paid, and discharged by him or them, with Interest for the same, to commence on the Termination of his, her, or their Right in the Premises, so that every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, Lease, or Demise be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered or re-assigned, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured shall be fully paid and satisfied, and also with a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest, so that no Person or Persons afterwards becoming possessed or entitled to any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than Twelve Calendar Months preceding the Time when the Title to such Possession shall have commenced; and every such Charge, Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, Lease, or Demise shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

4° GEORGII IV.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if the Owners or Proprietors of any such old Inclosures, not having any or sufficient Interest in the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to discharge their Houses, Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or inclosed Lands or Grounds from Payment of Tithes as aforesaid, shall be desirous of having a Part of such inclosed Lands or Grounds assigned or set apart to discharge the Houses, Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or inclosed Lands from the Payment of Tithes, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, if he shall so think fit, to deduct and set out so much and such Part and Parts of such old Inclosures as shall be equal in Value to the Tithes, both Great and Small, payable by the Owner or Owners of such inclosed Lands, in respect of his, her, or their respective Houses, Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and inclosed Lands, within the said Township, Hamlets, and Liberties of Old Thame, Priestend, and Moreton aforesaid, and in the said Parish of Sydenham, or such Part or Parts of them for which Compensation cannot be made as before mentioned, which Part or Parts of such inclosed Lands so deducted and set apart, shall be considered as Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed accordingly, as Part thereof, and such Deductions shall be for ever thereafter deemed, taken, and considered to be a full Satisfaction for, and discharged from the Payment of such Tithes.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to defray the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the same and the said recited Acts into Execution, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby required, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, and after and from Time to Time as he shall see Occasion, before the Execution of his Award, to sell by Public Auction or Private Contract such Part or Parts of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as he shall deem expedient for the Purposes aforesaid, such Sale to be subject to the Regulations and Directions mentioned in the said recited Act, and to apply the Money which shall arise by such Sale in defraying such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid; and upon the respective Purchaser or Purchasers thereof paying his, her, or their Purchase Money for the same to the said Commissioner, or to such Person or Persons, and at such Place and Time as the said Commissioner shall for that Purpose appoint, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby empowered, by any Deed or Writing under his Hand and Seal, and duly executed by him, to convey the same as Freehold of Inheritance unto the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, or otherwise, to such Uses, and to, for, and upon such Intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint; and every such Conveyance shall be valid and effectual in the Law, according to the Form or Effect of such Conveyance or Conveyances; and the Money arising from all and every such Sale or Sales shall be applied by the said Commissioner towards defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, but if any such Purchaser or Purchasers shall not, within the Time limited by the said Commissioner, complete his, her, or their Purchase or Purchases, then and in such Case the said Plots or Parcels of Land shall be divided and allotted in the same Manner as the Residue of

[Private^ the

137

Compensation for Tithes may be made out of old inclosed Lands*

Power to sell Land to pay Expences if necessary.

138 4° GEORGII IV. 8.

the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds are herein-before directed to be divided and allotted.

Persons de-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Persons simus of pay- interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, shall to^beexempt be desirous of having the whole of their respective Shares and Allotments from the of the said Open Common Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be Operation* divided, allotted, and inclosed, set out and allotted to them without any of sTl<r°Wer Abatement for or in respect of the Sales hereinbefore directed for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall, by themselves or .Agents, signify the same in Writing to the said Commissioner at the Time of delivering in their respective Claims, or within such Time afterwards as shall be limited and prescribed by the said Commissioner, then and in every such Case the said Commissioner shall, notwithstanding the Provisions for Sale of Land hereinbefore contained, and he is hereby authorized and required to set out and allot to such Persons respectively, all such Shares and Proportions of the said Lands hereby directed to be inclosed, as they would have been severally entitled to under and by virtue of this Act, in case no Provisions had been made for Sale of any Part of the same Lands or Grounds, and without any Reduction or Abatement whatsoever on that Account, and to adjust and settle what Sum and Sums of Money ought to be borne and paid by such several Persons, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for or in respect of their several and respective proportionable Charges and Expences of carrying this Act and the said recited Acts into Execution, the same to be paid and recovered in such and the same Manner, and under such and the same Powers and Authorities, as hereinafter provided in respect to any Deficiency in the Monies to arise by Sale as aforesaid; and thereupon such Persons shall not be charged with any Part of the Expences attending or occasioned by the Sales hereinbefore directed.

Deficiency,

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any made' Time after the Allotments have been staked out and published, it shall

appear to the Commissioner, that the Money arising by any Sale or Sales to be made in pursuance of this Act shall not be sufficient to defray all the Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, then the Deficiency shall be made up by the several Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, other than and except the said Impropriator and the said Vicar, and their Successors respectively, and shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions, within such Time, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner shall direct, nominate, and appoint; and in case any Person hereinbefore made subject to the Payment of any Money towards such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her Share or Proportion thereof, within the Time to be appointed as aforesaid, or at any Time after upon Demand, the same shall and may be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said first hereinbefore recited Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in such Case as last aforesaid it shall be lawful for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any of the Owners or Proprietors of Lands or Grounds Deficient601 by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, being under 6 Coverture,

by a Rate.

Husbands, &c. may charge Allotments

139

4° GEORGII IV,

Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability, and for any of the said Owners or Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable cn a Life or Lives, or any other Contingency, or otherwise interested as aforesaid, (except the Impropriator and Vicar of the said Parishes of Thame and Sydenham respectively, for the Time being), to charge the Allotments to be made to them, him, or her respectively, with such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for each and every Acre of such their respective Allotments, as such Commissioner shall, by his Award, or by Writing under his Hand, either before or after the Execution of such Award, adjudge to be the Share and Proportion of such Person or Persons, of such Deficiency as aforesaid, in Manner and under the Restrictions and according to the Provision of the said recited Acts.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Surplus Money shall remain after all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid shall have been fully paid and satisfied, such Surplus Money shall be divided and apportioned between the several Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, according to their several Rights and Interests therein; and such proportional Parts and Shares of such Surplus Monies shall be paid to those Proprietors who are Tenants in Fee Simple, or Customary Tenants, in Right of which they shall be entitled to such Surplus Money; but the Surplus Money to which any Proprietors not being Tenants in Fee Simple or Customary Tenants may be entitled, shall be applied and disposed of in the same Manner as any Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase or Exchange of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, as by the said Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty is directed to be applied and disposed of.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, if he shall so think fit, by and with the Consent in Writing, and at the Request of the respective Owners of any inclosed Lands or Grounds within the Township, Hamlets, and Liberties of Old Thame, Priest end, and Moreton aforesaid, and in the said Parish of Sydenham aforesaid, to order and direct such inclosed Lands to be allotable Lands, and to be allotted as Part and Parcel of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed; and such Allowances shall be made to the respective Owners of such inclosed Lands and Grounds, on account of Situation or other beneficial Circumstances thereof, as the said Commissioner shall adjudge to be just and reasonable; and thereupon the said Commissioner shall set out, allot, and award unto and for the respective Owners of such inclosed Lands and Grounds, in lieu thereof, so much and such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as he the said Commissioner shall think reasonable and just, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions in this Act and the said recite. Act contained.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That after the making the several Allotments herein-before directed, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to set out and allot all the Residue and Remainder o^ the

Application of Surplus Money.

On Application to Commissioner, old inclosed Lands may be allotted.

Allotment of Residue.

140

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 8.

Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, and the several and respective Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who at the Time of making such Allotments shall be entitled to any Estate, Property, Common Right, or Interest therein, in proportion and according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall deem to be a full Compensation for the several and respective Lands, Grounds, Proportions, and Interests of each the said Proprietors.

Meeting for Objections to Allotments, such Objections to be determined by the Commis- J sioner.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioner shall have ascertained the respective Rights, Shares, and Interests of the said Proprietors, in the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and also the respective Shares and Premises by him proposed to be allotted to such Proprietors respectively in lieu thereof, the said Commissioner shall hold a Meeting at some convenient Time and Place, when and where the Proprietors may be informed of such intended Allotments, and see the Scheme thereof set

out and delineated upon a Map or Plans to be produced for their Inspection; and if any of the said Proprietors shall upon such Inspection be dissatisfied with any of the proposed Allotments, the said Commissioner shall, at such Time and Place as last aforesaid, or at some other Time and Place to be

appointed by him for that Purpose, receive Statements in Writing of the Complaints and Objections of any Proprietor or Proprietors against any such Allotment or Allotments, and shall forthwith, or as soon after as conveniently may be, determine the same, and such Determination, being reduced into Writing and signed by him, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties interested in any such Allotment or Allotments.

Not to com-

XLI. And whereas it may appear to the said Commissioner that the pel other allotting and laying in Severalty of certain Parts of the said Open and Fencing. Commonable Lands within the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties, may be more beneficial to the several Proprietors and Persons interested herein, than the inclosing, mounding, and fencing the same; be it therefore enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act or the said recited Act contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, or taken to extend to compel the inclosing, mounding, and fencing of any of the said Open and Commonable Lands within the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties, other than and except the said Allotments in lieu of the Glebe Lands and Tithes, the ring-fencing whereof is herein-before directed, and also other than and except such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and allotted as the said Commissioner shall order and direct to be inclosed, mounded, and fenced, and which shall accordingly be fenced and mounded by and at the Expence of such Persons, and at such Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint : Provided always, that in case any of the Proprietors should, after the Execution of the said Award, be desirous of fencing any of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, not hereby required to be fenced, the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and required to lay down and prescribe in his Award such Rules as he may think fit or necessary to be observed by any Proprietor or Proprietors in fencing and maintaining, and preserving the Fences of any such Allotment or Allotments when the same shall be done, and such Rules shall be observed

141

4° GEORGII IV. 8.

served by and at all Times hereafter be binding upon the said respective Proprietors and other Persons interested in such Allotment or Allotments, and all such Fences, when made and put up, shall be deemed to be made and put up under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Acts.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons Lands held shall be seised or possessed of Lands or other Hereditaments in the said by'different Parish, held by different Tenures, or for, by, or under different Estates or Titles, the said Commissioner shall inquire into, ascertain, and deter- distinguish-mine the respective Lands or other Hereditaments held by such several ed. Tenures, or for, by, or under such different Estates or Titles respectively, and shall set out distinct Allotments in respect of each such Parts thereof.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Townships, Hamlets or Liberties of Old Thame, Priestend, and Moreton, and Parish of Sydenham, which shall be allotted by the Authority and in pursuance of this Act or of the said recited Acts, shall be of the same Tenure, whether Freehold, Copyhold, Leasehold, or otherwise, and shall be held under the same Rents, Customs, and Services, as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in respect of which such Allotments shall be made were respectively held and enjoyed before the passing of this Act; and such Part or Parts thereof as are of Copyhold Tenure shall vest in the Proprietors thereof respectively, without any new Admission thereto.

Lands allotted in lieu of Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold, to be deemed of the same Tenure as the Lands in respect of which they are allotted.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said For allowing Commissioner to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Exchanges. Hereditaments, within the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties of Old Thame, Priestend, and Moreton, and Parish of Sydenham, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties, or Parish of Sydenham, or within any adjoining Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Liberty, provided that all the said Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioner, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Curtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, by and with the Consent of the Lessor or Lessors, but not otherwise, and with the Consent of the Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Owner or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert,

Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, or of the Trustees or Feoffees for charitable, parochial, or other Uses, such Consent to be testified in Writing, under the Common Seal of the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively; and all and every Exchange or Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to [PrivateJ] % all

142

Payment of Expences of Exchange.

Lands allotted in Exchange to remain to the same Uses.

Leases at Rack Rent to be void.

Commissioner to direct the Course of Husbandry.

4° GEORGII IV. 8.

all Intents and Purposes whatsoever : Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending the making of every Exchange or Partition by virtue of this Act or the said recited Acts, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Shares or Proportions, and at such Time or Times, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioner shall by his Award or any Writing under his Hand direct or appoint, and shall be recovered in the same Manner as any Penalty may be recovered by virtue of the said first recited Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be allotted, or which shall be awarded in Exchange, in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Acts, shall thereupon immediately vest in and go and remain to such and the same Persons respectively, for such and the same Estates and Interests respectively, and to, for, upon, with, under, and subject to such and the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, Purposes, Limitations, Powers, Provisoes, and Conditions, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in lieu or respect of which the same shall have been made or allotted, or awarded in Exchange respectively, were subject unto, and subject to immediately before such allotting and awarding in Exchange respectively as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Leases and Agreements at Rack Rent of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, by virtue of this Act or the said recited Acts, shall respectively cease, determine, and be void, at such Time or Times respectively as the said Commissioner, by any Writing or Writings under his Hand, shall declare and appoint, and the respective Lessees or Tenants holding under any such Lease or Agreement shall thereupon receive from their respective Landlords such Allowance or Satisfaction in Money, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioner shall ascertain, order, and direct.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required, as soon after the passing of this Act as he shall think necessary, by some Writing or Writings under his Hand, to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Parish Churches of Thame and Sydenham aforesaid, to order and direct the Course of Husbandry that shall be used in, over, and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, until the Time when he shall have completed the respective Allotments thereof, as well with respect to the stocking as to the ploughing, sowing, folding, fallowing, tillowing, and laying down thereof; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner to order and direct such Sum or Sums of Money, as well in respect thereof as for any Seeds, Crop, Tillage, Manure, or Preparation for a Crop or Crops on any of the said Lands or Grounds, to be paid by any

i o Person

143

4° GEORGII IV.

Person or Persons interested therein, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, and to such Person or Persons as he the said Commissioner shall think reasonable and direct; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, or any of the Accounts aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same accordingly, within the Space of Fourteen Days after the same shall have been ordered and demanded, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, rendering the Surplus (if any) upon Demand, to such Person or Persons respectively, after deducting the Costs and Charges of taking and making every such Distress and Sale; and in case such Distress cannot be taken as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, or any Person authorized by him for that Purpose, to enter into and upon such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, or any Part thereof respectively, and receive the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof respectively, until thereby and -therewith, or otherwise, the full Amount of such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences occasioned by attending such Entry upon, and receiving the Rents and Profits of the same Premises, shall be respectively fully paid and satisfied; which Sum or Sums of Money so to be levied, recovered, or raised shall, after discharging such Costs,

Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, be applied in making such Reconi-pence and Satisfaction to the Person or Persons entitled thereto as aforesaid; and the said Commissioner by any Writing or Writings under his Hand, to be affixed in Manner aforesaid, shall and may make such Order,

Rules, and Regulations as to him shall seem expedient, touching the Conduct of the Farmers within the said Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties, for preventing them from ploughing up or tilling any Meadow, Pasture, or fresh Grounds, or committing any Waste or Destruction upon any Part of the said Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and in the meantime, and until the setting out, assigning, and allotting thereof shall be completed as aforesaid; all which Rules,

Orders, and Regulations of the said Commissioner shall be binding and conclusive upon all the said Farmers and Occupiers, and all other Persons interested therein; and the said Commissioner shall set and impose such Penalties and Forfeitures, not exceeding-Ten Pounds for each Offence, on any Person not conforming to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as he shall think necessary, which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and for such Uses and Purposes as the said Commissioner shall, by any Writing or Writings under his Hand or by his Award, direct and appoint; and the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the same Penalties and Forfeitures to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, within the Space of Seven Years next after the several inianewejntpt Allotments to be set out and awarded in pursuance of this Act, that have closures for

been Seven Years.

144

Power for the Vicar to grant Leases.

4° GEORGII IV. 8.

been fenced as ordered and directed by the said Commissioner, to keep or depasture any Sheep or Lambs, or other Cattle, in or upon any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, unless the Person or Persons keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall, at his, her, or their own Expence, effectually and sufficiently fence off or guard, and duly keep fenced off, the Quickset Hedges or Live Fences of the Proprietors of such Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto, so as to prevent any Damage being done by such Quickset Hedges.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Vicar of the said Vicarage for the Time being, by Indenture or Indentures under his Hand and Seal, with the Consent and Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Patron of the said Vicarage respectively, to lease or demise all or any Part or Parts of the Allotment or Allotments to be set out and allotted to such Vicar by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term or Terms not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, so that the Rent or respective Rents for the same shall be thereby reserved and made payable to the same Vicar for the Time being, by Four equal Quarterly Payments in every Year, and so that there be also reserved and made payable to such Vicar the best and most improved Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had or gotten for the same, without taking any Fine, Foregift, Premium, Sum of Money, or other Consideration for the making or granting any such Lease or Demise, and so that no such Lessee, by any such Lease or Demise, be made dispunishable for Waste by any express Words to be therein contained, and so that there be inserted in any such Lease a Power of Re-entry on Nonpayment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved within a reasonable Time to be therein limited, after the same shall have become due, and so that a Counterpart of each and every such Lease be duly executed by the Lessee or Lessees to whom such Lease or Leases shall be so made as aforesaid, and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual, any thing in the said recited Acts or any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided always, that whenever any Lease or Leases so to be granted by any such Vicar shall by any Means become forfeited or void, or be surrendered before the Expiration, by Effluxion of Time, of the Term or Terms thereby granted, then and in such Case and as often as the same shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful for the Vicar for the Time being of the said Vicarage, by and with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Patron of the said Vicarage, to grant a new Lease of the Lands so demised, for such Term or Terms of Years as shall at the Time or Times of such Avoidance be then to come and unexpired of the original Term or Terms granted by such original Lease or Leases, subject nevertheless to the Provisions and Conditions contained in such original Lease or Leases, and then remaining unperformed and capable of taking Effect.

Appointment of Auditor.

LI. And be it further enacted, That William Manley of Bedford Row in the County of Middlesex, Serjeant at Law, shall be and he is hereby appointed Auditor of the Accounts of the said Commissioner, and in case of his Death, Neglect, or Refusal to act, that some other fit and proper Person (not interested in the Premises), shall be appointed Auditor for that Purpose by the Majority in Value (to be ascertained by the Land Tax

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 8. 145

Tax Assessment) of the Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties of Old Thame, Priest-end, and Moreton aforesaid, and Parish of Sydenham, who may be assembled at any Meeting to be held for electing such Auditor, as often as Occasion shall require; and the Accounts of the said Commissioner, containing a true Statement of all Sums by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences, shall, at least once in every Year from the passing of this Act until such Accounts shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the same, be examined by the same Auditor, and the Balance by him stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the Commissioner; and such Accounts, when stated and allowed as aforesaid, shall be binding, final, and conclusive upon all Parties concerned; but no Charge or Item in such Account shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall be allowed by the said Auditor for the Time being as aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall persons ad-lend or advance any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Expences vancing Mo-of applying for and obtaining and executing this Act, shall be repaid neytobere-the same our of the first Monies which shall be raised and collected in pursuance hereof, with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Time of advancing the same.

paid with Interest.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the Award to be said Commissioner, under the Authority of this Act and the said first made, recited Act, shall be executed and published within Three Years from the passing of this Act, and, together with a proper Map or Plan of the said Lands hereby directed to be inclosed thereto annexed, shall, within Six Calendar Months after the Execution thereof, be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Oxford, who is hereby required to deposit and keep the same among the Records of the said County, so that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the Premises, for the Reception whereof the Fee of Three Guineas shall be paid, and no more, and for the Inspection and Perusal whereof the Sum of One Shilling, and no more, shall be paid; and the said Award shall, from and after the Delivery thereof to the said Clerk of the Peace of the said County, be deemed and taken to be enrolled according to the Directions and within the Meaning of the said recited Act; and a Copy of the said Award, fairly transcribed in a Book, with the said Map or Plan, shall, within the Time aforesaid, be deposited in the said Parish Church of Thame aforesaid, and there kept in a Tin Box to be provided for that Purpose; and the said Award, and Copy thereof, and any other Copy of the said Award, or any Part or Parts thereof, attested by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy (for every Sheet of which Copy, containing Seventy-two Words, Four-pence, and no more, shall be paid), shall from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained, in all Courts whatsoever.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Appeal to Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think himself, the Sessions, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done or omitted to be done [Private.] 0 0 in

146

General

Saving.

Evidence

Clause.

4° GEORGII IV. 8.

in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioner as are by the said recited Acts or this Act directed to be final, binding, and conclusive, and except where an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein is mentioned), then, and in every such Case, he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices assembled at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be held for the said County of Oxford, within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioner, and to the Party or Parties concerned therein, Twenty Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) at the said General or Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without sufficient Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs, to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to the said Justices in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and be levied in Manner aforesaid.

LV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (except the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for or in respect of such Rights or Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them), all such Right, Estate, Title, and Interest, as they, every or any of them, could or might have had or enjoyed of, in, to, or in respect of the Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, in case this Act had not passed.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and that a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townships or Divisions of Whitwell and Selside,

and Crook, in the Parish of Ki Kendal in

the County of Westmorland.

[23d May 1823.]

"W W WHEREAS there are within the several Townships or Divisions %/%/ of Whitwell and Selside, Skelsmergh, and Crook, in the Parish

T ▼ of Kirkby in Kendal in the County of Westmorland, several

Commons and Waste Lands or Grounds : And whereas the Honourable Fulk Greville Howard is Lord of the Manor of Fawcet Forest, in which the Township of Whitwell and Selside is situate, and is also Lord of the Manor of Skelsmergh, with its Members, in which the said Township of Skelsmergh is situate; and the said Fulk Greville Howard is or claims, and the Right Honourable William Earl of Lonsdale, Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, is or claims, to be Lord of the Manor of Crook, in which the said Township of Crook is situate: And whereas the said Honourable Fulk Greville Howard, Daniel Wilson, Ralph Riddell,

Arthur Shepherd, James Hoggarth Long, Esquires, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments within the said several Manors, Townships, or Divisions, or some or one of them, and in respect thereof or otherwise are severally entitled to Right of Common in, over, or upon the said Commons and Waste Lands or Grounds, some or one of them: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for consolidating in one Act certain mG 3 cioo,' Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode [Private.] p p of

1

150

i &2 G. 4. c. 23.

Commissioner appointed.

Power to appoint new Commissioner.

If the Lords of the Manors neglect to appoint a new Commissioner, the Land Owners to appoint.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 9.

of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts : And whereas another Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws respecting the inclosing of Open Fields, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, in England: And whereas the said Commons and Waste Lands or Grounds in their present State are of very little Value to the Land Owners or Persons interested, and it would be of great Advantage to them if the said Commons and Waste Lands or Grounds were divided, allotted, and inclosed; but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Joseph Russell of Kendal in the County of Westmorland, Gentleman, and every Person to be from Time to Time appointed his Successor in manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and is hereby appointed the Commissioner for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands or Grounds, and for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, subject to such Directions and Provisions as are herein-after contained in that Behalf, and also with such of the Powers and Authorities, and subject to such of the Directions, Clauses, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, herein-before mentioned or referred unto, as are not altered or otherwise provided for in and by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said Joseph Russell, or any Commissioner to be elected in the Place or Stead of him, or any of his Successors, shall die, or shall neglect or refuse to hold any Sitting for the Space of Six Calendar Months, unless prevented by Illness, or shall be rendered incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act before all the Powers of this Act shall be fully performed, then and in such Case the Lord or Lords of the said Manors for the Time being shall, within Twenty-one Days after such Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity to act of the said Commissioner shall happen or be known to him or them, by Writing under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, nominate and appoint some Person, not interested in the said intended Division and Allotment, to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the said Joseph Russell, or any Person to be from Time to Time appointed a Commissioner by virtue of this Act, so often as any such Commissioner shall die, neglect or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Lord or Lords of the said Manors for the Time being shall, for the Space of Thirty Days after receiving Notice in Writing, signed by any Three or more of the Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands or Grounds, of such Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity aforesaid, make default in nominating and appointing any new Commissioner so directed to be nominated or appointed by them as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Majority in Value (to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessment) of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the Lands or Grounds directed by this Act to be divided,

7 allotted,

4° GEORGII IV 3

151

allotted, and inclosed, or their respective Agents (such Agent or Agents to be appointed in Writing) attending at a Meeting or Meetings to be holden for the Election of a new Commissioner, within Twenty-one Days next after such Default, or as soon after as conveniently may be, public Notice of such intended Meeting or Meetings being first given upon some Sunday before Divine Service, by Writing to be affixed on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Kirkby in Kendal aforesaid, and also by Advertisement, to be inserted in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the said County of Westmorland, at least Ten Days before every such Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Place or Stead of any Commissioner so dying, refusing, neglecting, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person so to be appointed a Appoint-Commissioner in either of the Cases or by either of the Modes aforesaid, shall have and is hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities missioner to for carrying this Act and the said recited Acts into Execution, as if he be in Writing. had been originally named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act; and every such Appointment of a new Commissioner shall be in Writing, and signed by the Parties making the Appointment, and shall be enrolled, together with the Oath or Affirmation of every such Commissioner, in like Manner as the Award of the said Commissioner is directed to be enrolled, and shall be deposited therewith; and an Office Copy of the Enrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Joseph Russell of Kendal Appoint-in the County of Westmorland, and Anthony Battersby Tomlinson of Kirkby ment of Sur-Lonsdale in the said County of Westmorland, shall be and they are hereby veyor8‘ appointed joint Surveyors for the Purposes of the said Division and Inclosure; but that the Majority in Value (to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessment) of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the said Lands or Grounds to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, shall have Power to displace and remove the said Surveyors, or either of them, if they shall not perform the Duties of Surveyors or Surveyor to the Satisfaction of such Majority of the Proprietors, and to appoint any other Person or Persons in the Room, Place, and Stead of the said Joseph Russell and Anthony Battersby Tomlinson, or either of them, and from Time to Time to displace and remove any such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed in his, their, or either of their Place and Stead; and that such Surveyors respectively shall be paid for their Loss of Time and Trouble in surveying and planning such Parts of the said Manors,

Townships, or Divisions as they shall be respectively employed in, including qualitying the Commons, the Sum of Eight-pence Halfpenny per Acre, and no more; and for the Attendance of the said Anthony Battersby Tomlinson upon the said Commissioner at all proper and necessary Meetings, and for setting and staking out a Moiety of the Road to be set and staked out by virtue of this Act, the Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence per Day.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and given of° e

may, and he is hereby required, to cause public Notice by Advertise- Meetings,

ment to be inserted in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the said not of -v p Adjourn-

County raenJt5,

152 4" GEORGII IV Cap. 9.

County of Westmorland, and also by Writing under his Hand to be affixed on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Kirkby in Kendal aforesaid, upon some Sunday during or immediately before Divine Service, of the Time and Place of holding his First, Second, and Third Sittings, for the Purpose of putting into Execution the several Powers vested in him by this Act, Ten Days at the least before such Sittings respectively, each of which Sittings shall be held in Kirkby in Kendal in the said County of Westmorland; and the said Commissioner shall and may, after the said Third Sitting, from Time to Time appoint such Time and Place for every subsequent Sitting as he shall think proper, causing a Notice in Writing under his Hand to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Kirkby in Kendal aforesaid, on a Sunday during or immediately before Divine Service, and by Advertisement as aforesaid respectively. Ten Days at the least before every subsequent Sitting; and the said Commissioner shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time, as he shall think it convenient, to continue such First, Second, Third, or any subsequent Sitting or Sittings by Adjournment for the Execution of this Act, without giving any such Notice as aforesaid of any such Adjourned Sittings, such Adjourned Sittings nevertheless to be held within Twenty-one Days from the Time of Adjournment: Provided always, that all Sittings of the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act shall be held in one of the said Townships, or within Eight Miles thereof.

Other No-

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices tices how to requisite or necessary to be given by the said Commissioner shall be so be given. made and given by Advertisement in The Westmorland Gazette, or if that Newspaper shall not then be published, then in some other Newspaper usually and generally circulated in the said County of Westmorland.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said Division and Inclosure, touching or concerning any Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands or Grounds, or touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they, or any of them, shall have or claim to have in the same, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division or Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon proper and sufficient Enquiry.and Evidence, to examine into, hear, and determine the same.

* ■ " j • .Cl 08 jt ’

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this

bioner not to ^ct contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioner to Tide^nor determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or molest Pos- Hereditaments whatsoever, nor to determine any Right between any

session. Parties contrary to the Possession of any of such Parties (except in respect of Encroachments made within Twenty Years as herein-after mentioned); but in case the said Commissioner shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, he shall forbear to make any Determination thereon until the Possession shall have been given up by such Person or Persons, or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

Commissioner to settle Disputes.

Commis

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 9. 153

X. And be it further enacted, That in'case the said Commissioner Commis-shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Costs. Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, see Cause to award Costs, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose favour any Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

ncrso

o

isnoia

sLifsz

y

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Allowing Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Parties to try shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioner, ^an^lue8 touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of Right in or over the said at Law. Commons and Waste Lands, or any Right of Common thereon, or other Rights or Interests in the same, or any Part thereof, or in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, to cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose favour such Determination shall have been made, and within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioner shall have been notified in Writing to the Party or Parties against whom such Determination shall have been so made, or to his, her, or their known Agent or Attorney; and the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so dissatisfied as aforesaid, shall proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by such Commissioner, at the then next Assizes to be holden for the said County of Westmorland, or at the Assizes next following the said then next Assizes to be holden for the same County, after such Action or Actions shall have been commenced; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file common Bail, or accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted on, may be tried and determined; such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced (in case the Parties shall differ about the [Private.] q q same);

154

Determination of Commissioner to be final if Action not brought.

If Parties die Actions not to abate.

In case of Death of Parties before Actions brought, the same to be carried on and defended in their Names.

Suits not to impede the Execution o the Act.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 9.

same); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever. Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or Trials to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do in case the said Court shall think proper; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioner, touching any Right of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or which being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting shall not cause such Action or Actions at Law to be brought or proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the same, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the same within the Time so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the said Commissioner, or the Clerk of the said Commissioner, with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties so dying might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead; and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living, and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be commenced or prosecuted, touching or concerning the Title of any Person or Persons in or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or in respect of which any Right of Common, or other Right or Interest in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, shall be claimed, such Suit or Suits shall not delay, impede, or hinder the said

i c Commis-

155

4° GEORGII ivJtap.V.

Commissioner from proceeding in the Powers vested in him by this Act, but the said Allotments shall be proceeded in notwithstanding any Suit or Suits, and may be had and taken by the Person or Persons who upon the Determination of such Suit or Suits shall become entitled to the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, at powered to any Time or Times before or after he shall have allotted the said Commons extinguish and Waste Lands as he shall think proper, and before the Execution of or suspend his Award, by Notice in Writing under his Hand to be affixed upon the at

principal outer Door of the Church of Kirkby in Kendal aforesaid, to guch Times

order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common or other as he shall

Rights in, over, or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any direct.

Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Notice or Writing; and that all such Rights as the said Commissioner shall by such

Notice or Writing order or direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended, shall from the Time of affixing such Notice or Writing on the said Church Door, or at such other Time or Times as the said Commissioner shall order or direct, cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished, or the Exercise thereof be suspended accordingly, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and if during such Suspension, or after the Extinguishment of such Right of Common, any of the Owners or Occupiers of Lands within the said Manors, Townships, or Divisions, or any of them, shall permit his, her, or their Cattle to go, depasture, or feed on any of the Lands or Grounds so exonerated or discharged from Rights of Common, then it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Owners or Occupiers to distrain such Cattle being upon such Lands or Grounds contrary to such Order, and to impound the same until the Person or Persons so offending shall pay to the Person or Persons so distraining such Sum of Money as the said Commissioner shall by Writing under his Hand order and direct, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings for each of the Cattle so distrained; and in case the same shall not be paid before the next Sitting of the said Commissioner after such distraining or impounding, then the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and empowered, upon Proof of such Offence or Offences having been committed, and of Nonpayment of the Penalty thereby imposed, to cause the Cattle so distrained or impounded, or such Part thereof as he shall think necessary, or any other Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, to be sold for raising and paying the Penalty aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, rendering the Surplus (if any) to the Owners of such Cattle.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, Turf or Soil after the passing of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave, plough, get, or not to be cut . carry away any Turf or Turves, or Soil, upon or from the said Commons .thout the and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without or contrary to the the Commi. Licence of the said Commissioner for that Purpose in Writing first had sioner. and obtained (which Licence the said Commissioner is hereby empowered to grant, under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions as he shall think proper to insert therein), then and in every such Case any Justice of the Peace of the said County, upon the Proof thereof made

upon

156

For shorten-ingBoundary Fences.

For ascertaining Bovin daries without fencing the same.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. il.

upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer), shall and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Ten Pounds for each Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every Person so offending in the Premises, rendering the Surplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, and the Money to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards defraying the Costs and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act; and for want of such Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol for the County of Westmorland, or to any House of Correction in and for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of such Justice, as the Case may be, unless such Offender or Offenders shall pay the Penalties or Forfeitures, and Costs.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in order to shorten the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and allotted, and any adjoining Lands and Grounds, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioner, with the Consent in Writing under the Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manors in which the said respective Townships or Divisions of Whitwell and Selside, Skelsmergh and Crook, are situate, and of the Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors in which any such adjoining Lands shall be situate, and of the Majority in Value (according to the Land Tax Assessment) of the Land Owners interested in any such adjoining Lands and Grounds, and also under the Hand of the Owner or Proprietor of any Land upon which any Fence shall be intended to be made, to set out, ascertain, and determine the Boundary Fence or Fences to be made between the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and any adjoining Lands or Grounds lying in the said Manors, or any of them, or lying in any adjoining Manor or Manors, Parish or Parishes, or Place or Places, as he the said Commissioner shall judge proper for the Purpose aforesaid; and after such Boundary Fences shall be so set out, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, the same shall be made and fenced by such Person, in such Manner, and at such Times, as the said Commissioner shall direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundary between the said respective Townships or Divisions of Whitwell and Selside, Skelsmergh and Crook, and such adjoining Manor or Manors, Parish or Parishes, or Place or Places, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and a Description of the Boundaries to be made, set out, and determined as aforesaid, shall be inserted in the Award of the said Commissioner, or a Map or Plan to be thereunto annexed.

XVIII. And whereas it may be of advantage to the Proprietors not to be obliged to fence or inclose certain Parts of the said several Commons and Waste Grounds, although it may be of advantage that the exterior Boundaries of the whole, as against the adjoining Manors, Townships, and Divisions, and the interior Boundary of such intended Allotment,

15 7

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 9.

ment, and of each Portion to be sold as herein-after directed, should be better ascertained and fixed; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioner, with respect to such Part or Parts of the said several Commons and Waste Grounds as he in his Discretion shall be of Opinion would not be an Advantage to the Proprietors thereof to be obliged to inclose and ring-fence, shall and may only divide, apportion, and separate the same, and shall and may, if he shall so find it expedient, not require the same to be inclosed and ring-fenced, but merely to ascertain the same by Boundary Stones or other Marks ol Partition, for the Purpose only of better ascertaining and fixing the Boundaries of the said

several Commons and Waste Grounds.

ol Dfls Dixm ?in tor ' v^ .aaijp.ut i5U3 toi bn^ ji Iniwcl

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments, which shall Encroach-have been made upon any Part of the Commons and Waste Lands in- nient8* tended by this Act to be divided and inclosed within the Space of Twenty

Years before the passing of this Act, shall be deemed Part of the Commons and Waste Lands to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, and the same shall be divided and inclosed accordingly, except such as may have been made with the Consent of the Lord or Lords or Juries of the Customary Courts held within or for the said Manors: Provided nevertheless, that all and every such Encroachments shall be allotted to the Person or Persons who shall at the Time of the making the Allotments be in the Possession of such Encroachments, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits, as the Whole or Part of the Share or Proportion of the Commons or Waste Lands to which such Person or Persons will be entitled by virtue of this Act, without considering the Value of any Erection or other Improvements made thereon; and if any such Person or Persons shall not be entitled to any Allotment equal to the Value of such Encroachment, but shall be willing to purchase the same, then the said Commissioner shall ascertain the Price thereof, or of such Part thereof as shall exceed the Value of the Allotment or Allotments the Possessor or Possessors thereof would be entitled to by virtue of this Act in respect of any other Property as aforesaid, on ascertaining of which Price the said Commissioner shall not value the Buildings or other Improvements thereon, but shall value the Land only, and that at so much per Acre as the same shall in his Estimation be worth, having reference to the Waste next adjoining; and upon such Person or Persons paying such Price per Acre, and so in proportion for any less Quantity than an Acre, to the said Commissioner, at such Time or Times as he shall appoint for that Purpose, and taking his Receipt or Receipts for the same, every such Encroachment, or such Part thereof as shall be so purchased, shall be allotted to such Person or Persons, and shall be holden and enjoyed by him, her, or them accordingly; and the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to apply such Purchase Money in such and the like Manner as Monies to be raised by Sale of Lands for defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the same into Execution, is herein directed to be applied; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise, touching any such Encroachments or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be settled by the said Commissioner.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Commis-Commissioner that there are or is any Highways or Highway, Bridle- sioner may

[Private."] y y roads a^ter Roads.

158

For setting out public Bridleroads, Footways, and private Ways, &c.

Allotments for Watering Places, Gravel, &c.

4 GEORGII IV. Cap. 9.

roads or Bridleroad, Footways or Footway, in, through, over, or on the Sides of any of the inclosed Lands, or other Lands within the said Parishes, Manors, Townships, or Divisions, which may in his Judgment be diverted or tbrned, without Inconvenience to the Public, into any other Highways or Highway, Bridleroads or Bridleroad, Footways or Footway, or be diverted or turned so as to make the same more convenient to the Public, or be stopped up and destroyed as superfluous and unnecessary, it shall be lawful for him, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Westmorland (not being interested in the said Inclosure), and in manner and subject to Appeal and giving such Notice as is directed in an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Tear of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways, in so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a publicHighway, and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the stopping up of unnecessary Roads, in and by his Award to order and direct such public Highways or Highway, Bridleroads or Bridleroad, Footways or Footway, to be altered, turned, stopped up, or discontinued, in such Manner as the said Justices shall think proper.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby empowered and required to set out and appoint, and cause to be made and completed, such public Bridleroads and Footways, and private Roads and Ways, Bridges, Ditches, Fences, Gates, and Stiles, and other Accommodations, in, over, and upon the said Commons and Waste Lands by this Act intended to be divided and inclosed, as he shall think requisite; and such Bridges, Ditches, Fences, and Gates shall be made and erected, and at all Times thereafter repaired, cleansed, and maintained, by such Persons and in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall in his Award direct and appoint; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized, to order and direct how and in what Manner, and by whom the new Roads to be set out by virtue of this Act or of the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, within the said respective Manors, Townships, or Divisions, shall from and after the Execution of his said Award be kept in repair.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, before setting out the Allotments herein-after mentioned, assign, set out, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Townships or Divisions of Whitwell and Selside, Skelsmergh and Crook respectively, such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as the said Commissioner shall think necessary, as and for public Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting Gravel for the Repairs of the Roads to be made over the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed; and the same Allotments when so set out shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the said respective Manors and Townships, and by the Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the respective Manors, Townships, or Divisions, and their Tenants for the Time being, in such

5 Manner

159

4° GEORGII IV. 9.

Manner and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as the aid Commissioner shall in and by his Award order and appoint.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, tp set out, allot, and award unto the said Lord or Lords of the said Manors for the Time being, and according to his or their several or respective Rights, Shares, Estate, and Interests, One full Sixteenth Part (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) of all and every the Residue of the Tracts or Parcels of Commons and Waste Grounds within the said respective Townships or Divisions of Whitwell and Selside, Skelsmergh and Crook, in Compensation and Satisfaction for the Right and Interest of such Lord or Lords of the said Manors in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, but without prejudice to any other Right or Interest which they, or either of them, may have or claim in or upon the said Commons or Waste Grounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required to set out and allot any Quantity of Land, not exceeding Ten Acres of the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Skelsmergh, to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of Skelsmergh aforesaid, and which Land shall be vested in the said Churchwardens and Overseers for the Time being for ever, as Trustees for the Poor of the said Township or Division of Skelsmergh, and which shall be well and sufficiently ring-fenced on the outward Boundaries thereof by and at the Expence of the Proprietors of Lands within Skelsmergh aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to lease and demise such Allotment or Allotments, or so much thereof as they shall think proper, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, so as in every such Lease there be reserved and made payable to the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, by Two Half-yearly Payments in every Year, the most improved yearly Rent or Rents that can be obtained for the Land thereby demised, without taking any Income, Fine, Premium, or Foregift in consideration of granting such Lease or Leases; and that in all such Leases there be contained the usual Covenants and Stipulations between Lessors and Lessees, and such other Covenants and Stipulations as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall think proper to be inserted therein; and the Rents and Profits arising from such Allotment or Allotments, or from so much thereof as shall be demised as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time be laid out by them the said Churchwardens and Overseers in aid of the Poor’s Rates of the said Township of Skelsmergh.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, in the next Place, mark and set out such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as will by Sale thereof be in his Judgment fully sufficient to defray and discharge all the Costs, Charges, and Expences

Allotments of One Sixteenth Part to the Lords of the Manors.

Allotment to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor.

Trustees may lease the Poor’s Allotment.

Commissioner to set out Part of the Commons to defray the Expences of this Act.

160

Lands set out for defraying Expences to be sold to the highest Bidder.

Application of Overplus Money raised by Sale of Common for Payment of Expences.

General Allotments of Residue.

4°#EORGH IV > CaP.<).

pences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue thereof, and all Charges of the said Commissioner, his Assistants and Servants, and all the other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioner in and about the Premises, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the public and private Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioner, and all other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution; nevertheless, each Township or Division shall only bear and pay its own Proportion of such Expences.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required, at such convenient Times and Places as to him shall seem meet, to cause the said Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds to be set out for Sale by him as aforesaid, to be put up by public Sale or Auction in manner by the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty directed, first causing at least Three Weeks previous Notice to be given, in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the said County of Westmorland, of the Time and Place to be appointed for that Purpose : Provided always, that the said Commissioner shall not set out any Part of the Commons and Waste Lands to be sold which ought, on account of Contiguity or Convenience, to be allotted to any of the Parties concerned in the said Division or Inclosure.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Part or Parts of the said Commons or Waste Grounds marked or set out for Sale and actually sold by the Commissioner shall happen to raise more Money than, together with the Money to be paid for Encroachments as hereinbefore mentioned, may be requisite for defraying all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of or incident to the obtaining of this Act, and fully carrying the same into Execution in every respect, the Overplus Money shall be by the said Commissioner paid and divided, and he is hereby directed to pay and divide the same to and amongst the several Proprietors of Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Grounds allotted by him under and by virtue of the Powers contained in this Act and the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or either of them, if seised thereof in Fee Simple, or otherwise such Overplus shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Manner directed by the said recited Act with respect to Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That after the aforesaid several Allotments shall have been made and set out according to the Directions herein-before contained, the said Commissioner shall then divide, assign, set out, and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the Commons and Waste Grounds intended by this Act to be divided and allotted, unto and amongst the several Owners of Lands and Tenements having Right of

Common

161

4° GEORGII IV. Cup.9.

Common in and upon the said several Commons and Waste Grounds within the said several Manors, Townships, or Divisions, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of and a full Compensation and Satisfaction to him, her, or them respectively, for his, her, or their respective Rights and Interests in, to, over, or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds respectively by this Act directed or intended to be divided and allotted; nevertheless, any thing herein contained shall not be construed so as to give the Land Owners any Right upon the Commons in those Townships or Divisions in which their Lands or Tenements are not situated.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Allotments to be made to the Perpetual Curates of Selside and Crook, in respect of their Curacies, shall be well and sufficiently inclosed and fenced on the outward Boundaries belonging to the same respectively, by and at the Expence of the Proprietors of Lands within the said Townships of Selside and Crook.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case, through Necessity of Situation or any other Circumstance, it shall happen that any one or more of the said Proprietors shall not have an equal Share of the Mounds or Fences allotted to him, her, or them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, when he shall adjudge it necessary and reasonable, to award, order, ascertain, and appoint what Sum or Sums of Money such Proprietor or Proprietors shall pay and contribute towards the making of the Mounds and Fences of the Allotment or Allotments of such other Proprietor or Proprietors who shall or may have too great a Share of mounding or fencing allotted to him, her, or them by virtue of this Act; and the Sum and Sums of Money so ordered, directed, or appointed to be paid, shall be raised, levied, and recovered in such and the like Manner as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act can or may be raised, levied, and recovered, in case the Lands hereby directed to be sold shall be insufficient for such Purpose.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons hath or have sold, or shall, at any Time before the Meeting to be appointed by the said Commissioner for reading over the Draft of his Award, sell his, her, or their Right, Interest, or Property in, over, or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby directed, authorized, and required, upon Notice thereof in Writing to be given to him by the Vendor (provided the same be within the Time mentioned), to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in every such Sale, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so sold as aforesaid; and such Vendee or Purchaser, or his or her Heirs or Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Vendor in every such Sale

[Private.] g § might,

For fencing Allotments.

Satisfaction for unequal Share of fencing.

In case any Person sell his Common Right the Allotment to be made to the Purchaser.

162

Allotments to be of the same Tenure as the inclosed Lands for which they shall be so allotted.

Curate may lease his Allotment.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. V.

might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the same, in case such Sale had not been made, or such Rights, Interest, or Property had vested in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid. Vt pmH-nwn

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, from and immediately after the same shall be so set out and allotted by the said Commissioner as aforesaid, shall be and be deemed and taken to be of Freehold t enure, and shall be so held and enjoyed accordingly.

,\p or Mrnp T11iV; ynfTP I 'O 210j3lTl

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the perpetual Curate of Selside, and for the perpetual Curate of Crook for the Time being respectively, by Indenture or Indentures under his Hand and Seal, with the Consent and Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Patron or Patrons of the Chapelry, to lease or demise all or any Part or Parts of the Allotment or Allotments to be set out and allotted to any such perpetual Curate by virtue of this Act to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, so that the Rent or Rents for the same shall be thereby reserved and made payable to such perpetual Curate for the Time being by Four equal Quarterly Payments in every Year, and so that there be thereby also reserved and made payable to such perpetual Curate the best and most improved Rent or Rents that can reasonably be had or gotten for the same, without taking any Fine, Foregift, Premium, Sum of Money, or other Consideration for the making or granting any such Lease or Demise, and so that no such Lessee by any such Lease or Demise be made dispunishable for Waste by any express Words to be therein contained, and so that there be inserted in every such Lease Power of Reentry on Nonpayment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved, within a reasonable Time to be therein limited, after the same shall become due, and so that a Counterpart of such Lease be duly executed by the Lessee or Lessees to whom such Lease shall be so made as aforesaid : Provided always, that whenever any Lease or Leases to be so granted shall by any Means become forfeited or void, or be surrendered before the Expiration (by Effluxion of Time) of the Term or Terms thereby granted, then and in such Case, and as often as the same shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful for such perpetual Curate for the Time being, by and with the previous Consent and Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Patron or Patrons of the Chapelry, to grant a new Lease of the Land so demised for such Term or Terms of Years as shall at the Time or Times of such Avoidance be then to come and unexpired of the original Term or Terms granted by such original Lease or Leases, subject nevertheless to the Provisions and Conditions contained in such original Lease or Leases, and then remaining unperformed and capable of having effect; and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual, any thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

4° GEORGII *IV. CV9. 163

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Power to for the said Commissioner to assign, set out, and allot any of the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Townships or Divisions of Whit-well and Selside, Skehmergh, and Crook aforesaid, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the same Townships or Divisions, or within any adjoining Parish. Township, or Place, so as every such Exchange be set forth and ascertained by the Award of the said Commissioner, and so also as every such Exchange be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or by the Curtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Xives (by and with the Consent of the Lessor or Lessors thereof, but not otherwise); or possessed of any Estate of Inheritance less than an Estate in Fee Simple, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees,

Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Owners or Proprietors as aforesaid, who, at the Time of making any such Exchange or Exchanges, shall be respectively Infants, femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever:

Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent in Writing, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making any Exchanges and Partitions, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioner shall order and direct.

Costs of Exchange* how to be paid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease or Vacatin Leases and other Agreements at Rack Rent, affecting all or any Part of Leases^ a the Commons or Waste Grounds by virtue of this Act intended to be Rack Rent» divided and inclosed or exchanged, shall cease, determine, and be void as to such Commons or Waste Grounds, on such respective Days and Times as the said Commissioner shall by Writing under his Hand order and appoint, the respective Lessors and Landlords in such Leases or Agreements having first paid or tendered such Satisfaction to the respective Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, as the said Commissioner shall ascertain as reasonable to be paid to such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, on account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the same : Provided always,

164

4° GEORGII IV. 9.

always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make void any Agreement or Engagement already made between Landlord and Tenant in contemplation of a Division or Inclosure of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or relating thereto.

Wills, &c.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in not to be this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make

affected. void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person

or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclosed, or exchanged as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; but the respective Persons to whom any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be allotted or given in exchange by virtue of this Act, shall be seised thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the same Estates, and subject to such and the same Wills, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof such Persons were seised or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been passed.

For defraying the Deficiency of the Expences of obtaining and executing thi3 Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money arising by Sale of the said Lands and Grounds herein-before authorized and directed to be sold as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to pay, satisfy, and discharge the whole of the Costs and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of surveying and measuring, planning and valuing the Messuages, Lands, and Tenements within the said Townships or Divisions, and of dividing and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby authorized or directed to be divided and allotted, and of inclosing and fencing the Allotments herein-before directed or authorized to be made for public Purposes, and of forming and making the public Roads and Ways which shall be set out and appointed to be first formed and made in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and of preparing and enrolling the Award of the said Commissioner, and the Copies thereof, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioner, and his Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Charges and Expences of the several Persons employed by him in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and all other Expences of carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, that then and in such Case the Residue of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, shall be borne and paid by the several Person and Persons and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, in such Shares and Proportions, and at such Time or Times, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and at such Place, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioner shall in and by his Award, or by any Writing or Writings under his Hand, order, direct, or appoint (save and except the said Lord or Lords for the Time being in respect of the Allotment to be made to him or them as Lord or Lords of the said Manors respectively, and the

165

4° GEORGII IVVF 9.4

perpetual .Curates of Selside and Crook respectively, and except the 8ui-veyors of the Highways within the said Townships for the lime being, for or in respect of the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to them as aforesaid); and in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Proportions of such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, within the Time and at the Place and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner shall in manner aforesaid direct or appoint, then and in such Case the said Commissioner shall cause the same to be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XL. And whereas some of the Owners and Proprietors of and Persons

interested in the Lands and Grounds within the said Townships or Divisions may have occasion to borrow Money to defray their respective Shares and Proportions of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution •, be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owners and Proprietors of and all other Persons whomsoever interested in such Lands and Grounds, being a Tenant or Tenants for Life, with or without Impeachment of Waste, or Tenant or Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or by the Curtesy of Englandf, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and also to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Committees of any of the said Owners and Proprietors being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or labouring under any other Disability whatsoever, and also to and for all Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees, or Committees of any Owners or Proprietors being under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, whether such Owners or Proprietors respectively be Tenants for Life, with or without Impeachment of Waste, Tenant in Fee Tail, General or Special, or Tenants by the Curtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, to be duly executed in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to charge the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted to them respectively by virtue and pursuance of this Act with any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying their respective Proportions of the said Charges and Expences of inclosing and fencing their respective Allotments, as the said Commissioner shall think necessary, not exceeding Five Pounds for every Statute Acre of the Lands so to be allotted to them respectively, the same to be paid to such Person or Persons, and applied for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall direct or appoint; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the same, to grant, mortgage, lease, demise, or otherwise subject the said Premises, or any Part thereof, unto any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years; so that every such Grant, Mortgage, Demise, or Security be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and so that in every such Grant, Mortgage, Demise, or Security, which shall be made by [Private!} £ £ any

k

Power to

borrow

Money.

166

Land may be deducted from Allotments in lieu of and equivalent to the Expences of inclosing.

Proprietors to pay their own Expeaces.

4° GEORGII IV Cap. 9.

any Person or Persons interested in or entitled unto the Premises for the Term of their natural Lives only, or by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, there be contained a Proviso or Covenant that the Owner or Proprietor of the said Premises shall duly pay and keep down the Interest of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereby secured during their respective Lives, so that no Person afterwards becoming seised or possessed of the said Premises shall be liable to the Payment of any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for Six Calendar Months preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession shall have commenced; and every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise of the said Premises, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, where he shall deem it expedient, to deduct from any Allotment or Allotments to be set out by virtue of this Act so much Land as in the Judgment of the Commissioner shall be equivalent to the Part or Proportion of the Expences of inclosing, hedging, ditching, and fencing such Allotment or Allotments, and the Land so deducted shall be allotted to or amongst the Proprietor or Proprietors who shall pay such Expences, in proportion to the Sums they shall respectively pay or contribute thereto : Provided always, that no such Deduction shall be made by the said Commissioner without the previous Consent in Writing of the respective Proprietors or Persons seised or entitled in Possession, for any Estate of Inheritance less than an Estate in Fee Simple, or for Life or Lives, or as Lessee or Lessees under any beneficial Lease or Leases for any Term of Years either absolute or determinable on Lives, in or to such Allotment or Allotments, and of the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, entitled to the Reversion or Remainder of or in any such Allotment or Allotments, to be signified under the Common Seal of such Body or Bodies Politic, or Corporate, or Collegiate as aforesaid, or the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any such Proprietors, being Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves : Provided always, that the Deduction to be made from such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid shall not exceed in Value the Sums of Money that the Person or Persons from whose Allotment or Allotments such Deduction shall have been made as aforesaid would have been empowered or authorized to borrow or charge upon his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, reckoning Five Pounds for each and every Acre thereof; Provided also, that in case the Land deducted from such Allotment or Allotments shall not be equal in amount to the Sum of Money that such Proprietor or Proprietors is or are by the said recited Act or this Act empowered to borrow and charge on his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Proprietor or Person from whose Allotment Land shall be deducted as aforesaid, to charge his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments with any Sum of Money not exceeding the Excess or Difference, towards Payment of such Expences.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies or Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they

167

4s GEORGII IV. Cap. 9.

they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioner at any of the Sittings to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any other Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, shall advance and pay any Sum of Money for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or of carrying the same into Execution, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the said Commissioner, together with lawful Interest for the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall be allowed and paid the Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence per Day, and no more, for his Trouble and Expences for each Day he shall necessarily attend or travel in the Execution of this Act as a Commissioner, including One Day in going to and One Day in returning from any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That once at least in every Year during the Execution of this Act, such Year to be computed from the passing thereof, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereunto, shall be by him laid before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Westmorland, not interested in the said Inclosure, to be by them examined and balanced; and such Justices shall or may disallow or reduce any of the Sums or Items charged in the said Accounts which they may think unjust or unreasonable; and such Balance shall be by such Justice stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioner, and no Charges or Items in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been allowed by such Justices.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, together with a Map or Plan annexed, shall, after the same shall have been enrolled in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Westmorland\ and a true Copy thereof, with a Plan thereunto annexed, attested by the said Commissioner, shall be deposited and kept in the Parish Church of Kirkby Kendal aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself or herself or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act or of the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, other than and except such Determinations of the said Commissioner as in and by this Act or the said recited Act are declared to be final, binding, or conclusive, and except in such

Cases

Money advanced for the Purposes of this Act to be repaid with Interest.

Allowance to the Commissioner.

Commissioner to lay Accounts before Justices once a Year.

Award where to be deposited.

Persons thinking themselves aggrieved may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions*

168

4° GEORGII IV. 9.

Cases where an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein mentioned, then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Westmorland, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioner, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices, not interested in the Premises, in such Session assembled are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties made liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and every such Order and Determination of the said Justices upon every such Appeal shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then and in every such Case the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and such Costs shall be levied in manner aforesaid.

Rights of the

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Lords of this Act contained shall be construed or adjudged to defeat, lessen, or Manors to prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lord or Lords, Lady or tobepre-01 Ladies of the Manors, within which the said Townships or Divisions of judiced. Whitwell and Selside, Skelsmergh, and Crook are situated, for the Time being, of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties, Franchises and Liberties incident and belonging to the said Manors, save and except sufficient Stones and Quarries of Stones in the several Allotments to be set out to the Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments under and by virtue of this Act for their own Use; but that the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manors, within which the said Townships or Divisions are situated for the Time being, shall and may at all Times for ever hereafter have, hold, take, and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Hunting, Fishing, Hawking and Fowling, Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves, and those put in Exigents, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, Escheats, and other Royalties, Liberties, Franchises, Privileges, Preeminences, Jurisdictions, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Manors, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof for the Time being, incident, appertaining, or belonging, or which have been anciently used, exercised, and enjoyed by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the same Manors within which the said Townships or Divisions are situated (other than and except such Rights of Soil and Right of Common and Pasture, and such other Rights and Interests as is and are by this Act meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished), as could or might be claimed by him as Owner or Owners of the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in as full, ample, and beneficial

a Manner

169

4° GEORGII • IV. Cap. 9.

a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as he, she, or they could or might have held and enjoyed the same in case this Act had not been passed; and that the said Lords, Ladies, and Owners of the Manors within which the said Townships or Divisions are situated for the Time being, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, work, and enjoy all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind soever, within or under the said Commons and Waste Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, as well those not opened as those already opened (save and except the said public Quarry to be set out as aforesaid, and sufficient Stones and Quarries of Stone in the several Allotments aforesaid for the Use of the respective Proprietors), and to have and enjoy and be vested with all convenient and necessary Ways,

Way-leaves, and Liberties of laying, making, and repairing Waggonways and other Ways in, over, and along the same, or any Part thereof, and for searching for, working, and winning the Mines and Quarries, and leading and carrying away the Coals, Lead, Tin, Copper, Metals, and Minerals to be gotten thereout, and making Pits, Shafts, Pit Rooms,

Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, Watercourses, erecting and using Fire Engines and other Engines, and all and every other Matters and Things now in use or hereafter to be invented for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, in, through, upon, over, or along the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, and all other Powers, Privileges, and Authorities for all or any Part of the Purposes aforesaid, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Satisfaction Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors within which the said to be made Townships or Divisions are situated for the Time being, or any Person or t^iejJ,or<^s Persons claiming under him, her, or them, shall, after such Inclosure be for working"8 made as aforesaid, search for, win, work, or lead away Coal, Lead, Tin, Mines. Copper, Metals, or Minerals lying within or under any of the said Allotments or Inclosures so to be made as aforesaid, or Lands or Tenements in respect whereof such Allotment shall be made, then and in every such Case the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors, Townships, or Divisions for the Time being, or such Person or Persons so searching for, winning, working, or leading away the same, shall make a full and reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of the Ground occasioned thereby, or in making or using of Waggonways, or any other Matters and Things, according to the Powers herein received or granted to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors, Townships, or Divisions for the Time being, to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be in the Possession of such Ground at the Time or Times of such Damage or Spoil.

L. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and General Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Saving. Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors,

Executors, and Administrators (except the Person or Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respect-[Private.] u u ively

170 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 9.

ively claiming under them or in remainder after them), all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest as he, they, every or any of them, could or ought to have had or enjoyed in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have held or enjoyed in case the same had not been passed.

Act to be printed by the King’s Printers.

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 10.

An Act for settling and securing Parts and Portions of the Lands and Barony of Irwermay, in the County of Perth, to and in favour of Alexander Hepburn Belshes Esquire, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by certain Deeds of Entail made by Barbara Hepburn and others, and Sir Patrick Hepburn Murray, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained therein; and for vesting in lieu thereof the Barony and Estate of Blackcastle in the Counties of Haddington and Berwick, in the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS by a Disposition and Deed of Entail, bearing Date Deed of En-the Tenth Day of January One thousand six hundred and tailw 10th Jan. seventy-three Years, and recorded in the Register of Taillies the 16/3»recited. Twenty-third Day of February, and in the Books of Council and Session the Seventeenth Day of June One thousand six hundred and ninety-nine Years, Barbara, Margaret, Anna, and Isobel Hepburns, with the special Advice, Consent, and Assent of Mr. Thomas Murray Advocate, Spouse to her the said Barbara Hepburn, and of Patrick Hepburn Apothecary, Burgess of Edinburgh, Spouse to the said Margaret Hepburn, and the said • [Private,'] u u Mr.

i

170

4° GEORGII IV. CapAO.

Mr. Thomas Murray and Patrick Hepburn for themselves, and taking Burden in and upon them respectively, for the said Barbara Hepburn and Margaret Hepburn, their respective Spouses; and of Margaret Paterson, Mother of the said Barbara, Margaret, Anna, and Isobel Hepburns, and Tutrix-Testamentor to her the said Isobel Hepburn; and they all with one mutual Advice, Consent, and Assent, sold, analzied, and disponed from them, and either of them, and all others their Heirs and Assignees whatsomever, heritably and irredeemably, but any Manner of Redemption, Reversion, or Regress whatsomever, to and in favour of the said Margaret Hepburn their Sister, and the said Patrick Hepburn her Spouse, and longest Liver of them two in Conjunct Fee, and to the Heirs Male to be procreate betwixt them; whilks failzieing, to the eldest Daughter and Heir Female of the said Marriage, ilk ane after another successively, without Division, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, they always being of the Surname of Hepburn, or assuming, taking, bearing, and using the said Surname; whilks failzieing, to the Heirs of the said Margaret Hepburn her Body, of any other Marriage, being of the Surname foresaid, or assuming and using the same; whilks failzieing, to the said Barbara Hepburn, and to the Heirs Male of her Body; whilks failzieing, to the eldest of her Daughters, ane after another successively, without Division, and to the Heirs of their Body; whilks failzieing, to the said Anna Hepburn, and to the Heirs Male of her Body; whilks failzieing, to the eldest of her Daughters and Heirs Female, ane after another successively, without Division, and to the Heirs of their Bodies; whilks failzieing, to the said Isobel Hepburn, and to the Heirs Male of her Body; whilks failzieing to the eldest of her Daughters and Heirs Female, ane after another successively, without Division, and to the Heirs of their Bodies; whilks failzieing, to the said Patrick Hepburn, his Heirs Male or Female of any other Marriage, and the Heirs of their Bodies; whilks all failzieing, to Umquhill Mr. Thomas Hepburn Parson of Oldhamstocks, his Heirs whatsomever; all and haill ilk ane of their several Parts and Portions respective belonging and appertaining to them and either of them, of all and haill the Lands of Wollines, with Houses, Biggings, Yards, Outsets, Insets, Tofts, Crofts, Parts, Pendicles, and haill Pertinents thereof whatsomever, lying within the Barony of Oldhamstocks, Constabulary of Haddington, and Sheriffdom of Edinburgh; all and haill the Kirklands of Oldham-stocks, lying at the West End of the Town of Oldhamstocks betwixt the Lands of Thorntoun and Dodds upon the North, the Lands of Aikengall upon the West, the Lands of Stotincleugh upon the South and West, and the Burn called The Pathburn upon the South Parts, and the Lands of Oldhamstocks upon all other Parts, with Houses, Biggings, Yeards, Orchards, Girnells, Stables, Barns, Byres, Tofts, Crofts, Woods, and Pertinents whatsomever; as also all and sundry the Teinds, both Parsonage and Vicarage, of all and haill the said Kirklands of Oldhamstocks included therewith and never separate therefrom, Common Pasturage of Cattle, casting, winning, and away-leading of Peats and Turfs in the Common Muir of the Barony of Oldhamstocks, and in the Moss thereof commonly called The Parson's Moss according to Use and Wont, lying within the Barony of Haills, by Annexation, Constabulary of Haddington, and Sheriffdom of Edinburgh; as also all and haill that Piece of Land called The Kirkland of Oldhamstocks, with the Pertinents and Teinds thereof, lying within the Lands of Hoprig, Barony of Cockburnspath and Sheriffdom of Berwick; all and

7 haill

171

4° GEORGII IVo CapM).

haill the Lands of Dodd and Burngreen, with the Multures thereof, Houses, Biggings, Yeards, Parts, Pendicles, and haill Pertinents thereof, with the Privilege of Common Pasturage, and of casting, winning, and away-leading of Peats, Turfs, Heather, Fuel, Feal, and Divot, in the Muir commonly called Churnside Common and Broken Moss, and in all other Muirs and Mosses used and wont, lying within the Barony of Thornton, Parish of Innerwick, and Constabulary of Haddington, and Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, and by Annexation within the Sheriffdom of Renfrew, bounded in manner mentioned in the Rights and Securities thereof; all and haill the Lands of Easter Aikengall and Wester Aikengall, and the Steid9 and that Pendicle thereof called The Neigle, with Houses, Biggings, Yards, Tofts, Crofts, Outfield, Infield, Multures, Pasturages, Parts, Pendicles, and haill Pertinents thereof whatsomever, lying within the said Constabulary of Haddington and Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, and by Annexation within the said Sheriffdom of Renfrew, with the Privilege of Commonty and Common Pasturage, and of pulling and away-leading of Heather, casting, winning, and away-leading of Peats, Turfs, Fuel, Feal, and Divot, in the said Muirs called Churnside Common and Broken Moss, and in all other Mosses, Muirs, and others whatsomever, as the Tenants of the said respective Lands were in use to do; all and haill the Lands of Westhall, with Houses, Biggings, Parts, Pendicles, Annexis, and Pertinents thereof whatsomever lying within the said Constabulary of Haddington and Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, with all and sundry the Teinds, both Parsonage and Vicarage, of all and sundry the said Lands particularly above specified, or any Part thereof, belonging and appertaining to them or either of them, in manner above mentioned, as the same are described in the several Dispositions of and concerning the said Lands, but subject to and under the Conditions, Provisions, Restrictions, Limitations, and Clauses, irritant and resolutive, usual in Settlements of Lands in strict Entail by the Law of Scotland, and contained in the said Deed of Entail: And whereas upon the Procuratory contained in the foresaid Deed of Entail, a Charter of Resignation was expede in favour of the said Margaret Hepburn, therein designed Lady Margaret Hepburn, Relict of Sir Patrick Hepburn of Blackcastle, and the Heirs of Entail before mentioned in the said Lands of Dodd, Burngreen, Easter Aikengalls and Wester Aikengalls, and the Steid, and that Pendicle thereof called The Neigle, and the Lands of Westhall particularly before mentioned, and which Lands are by the said Charter united, annexed, created, and incorporated into one haill and free Barony, called the Barony of Blackcastle, and which Charter is dated the First Day of March, and written to the Seal and registered and sealed the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand six hundred and ninety-eight Years; and upon the Precept of Sasine therein contained, the said Lady Margaret Hepburn was infeft, with and under the Provisions, Restrictions, Limitations, and Conditions contained in the said Deed of Entail, conform to Instrument of Sasine in her favour, dated the Twenty-ninth Day of August, and registered at Edinburgh in the new particular Register of Sasines, Reversions, et cetera, within the Sheriffdoms of Edinburgh, Haddington, Linlithgow, and Bathgate, the Twenty-fourth Day of October One thousand six hundred and ninety-eight Years: And whereas the said Lady Margaret Hepburn having died, she was succeeded in the said entailed Lands and Estate before mentioned by Sir John Hepburn alias Murray, Son of the said Barbara Hepburn and the said Thomas Murray, afterwards Sir Thomas Murray, who was

served

172

4J GEORGII IV. Cap. 10. y,

served Heir of Taillie and Provision of the said Dame Margaret Hepburn his Aunt, in virtue p.f the Retour of his Special Service as Heir of Taillie and Provision todw^i^d the Twentieth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and four T^ears^ and of the Precept from Chancery, dated the Third Day of May One. thousand seven hundred and four Years, and was infeft in the said Lands of X)^dd~, Burngreen, Easter Aikengall and Wester Aikengall, and the Steid, and that P’endicle thereof called The Neigle, and the Lands of Westhall, conform to Instrument of Sasine in his favour, dated the Sixth Day of May, and registered at Edinburgh in the said particular Register of Sasines, Reversions, et cetera, the Twenty-ninth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and four Years; and that with regard to the other Lands before mentioned, which are held of a Subject Superior, the said Sir John Hepburn Murray obtained a Precept of Clare constat; ividelicet, the said Lands of TEollines, the Kirklands of Oldhamstocks, with the Teinds, Parsonage and Vicarage, of the said Kirklands of Oldhamstocks, also the said Piece of Land called The Kirkland of Oldhamstocks, with the Pertinents and Teinds thereof, from Lord Alexander Hay of Lawfield, the Superior of the said Lands, dated the Fourteenth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and twelve Years, whereupon he was duly infeft with and under the Provisions, Restrictions, Limitations, and Conditions contained in the said Deed of Entail, conform to Instrument of Sasine in his favour, dated the Twenty-first Day of February, and registered at Edinburgh in the said particular Register of Sasines, Reversions, et cetera, the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and thirteen Years : And whereas the said Sir John Hepburn Murray having died, he was succeeded by his Son Sir Patrick Hepburn Murray, who was served nearest and lawful Heir of Taillie and Provision to him, conform to Retour of his special Service, dated the Sixteenth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and fourteen Years, and in virtue of the Precept from Chancery, dated the Twenty-third Day of October One thousand seven hundred

Procuratory of Resignation, dated 19th June 1753.

special

and fourteen Years, he was thereafter infeft in the said Lands of Dodd, Burngreen, and others, holding of the Crown, conform to Instrument of Sasine in his favour, dated the Tenth, and recorded in the new General Register of Sasines, Reversions, et cetera, at Edinburgh, the Nineteenth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and fourteen Years; and that with regard to the said other Lands before mentioned, which are held of a Subject Superior, the said Sir Patrick Hepburn Murray obtained a Precept of Clare Constat, videlicet, the said Lands of Wollines, and others, before mentioned, from Lord Alexander Hay of Lawfield, the Superior of the said Lands, dated the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and thirty-three Years: And whereas the said Sir Patrick Hepburn Murray executed a Procuratory of Resignation of Date the Nineteenth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three Years, and which was registered in the Books of Council and Session the Eighth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven Years, whereby on the Narrative that in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fourteen Years, when he was in Minority or Infancy, a special Service and Infeftment had been expede in his favour, as Heir of Taillie and Provision to the deceased Sir John Hepburn Murray of Blackcastle, his Father, of all and haill the said Lands and Barony of Blackcastle, and others, (being the Whole of the Lands contained in the Deed of Entail first recited), and that very lately it had come to his Knowledge, and he had been informed, that the Managers and Conductors of the said*

173

4° GEORGII IV. Cap:10.

special Service and Infeftment, through Ignorance or Inadvertency, had been guilty of a gross and manifest Blunder and Error, by neglecting (albeit it is so directed by the Laws and Statutes anent Taillies), to cause repeat and insert particularly in the said special Service and Infeftment the whole prohibitory, resolutive, and irritant Clauses contained in the said Original Disposition and Taillie of the said Lands and Barony of Blackcastle; for remedying of which Error and Omission above mentioned, and for preventing the bad Consequence that might otherwise arise therefrom to him and his Children, he had been advised, and accordingly was now resolved to make Resignation of the said Lands and Barony of Blackcastle, and others, by granting the said Procuratory of Resignation, agreeable to and in Terms of the said Original Disposition and Taillie thereof; therefore he made, constituted, and appointed

and each of them, jointly and severally, his lawful, undoubted, and irrevocable Procurators, for resigning, as he did by the said Procuratory, with and under the express Provisions, Restrictions, Limitations, and Conditions, which are contained in the said Original Disposition and Taillie of the said Lands and Estate, resign the Whole foresaid Lands, as well those held of the Crown as of a Subject Superior, to and in favour of himself, and the Heirs Male procreate or to be procreate of his Body, in his present Marriage with Mrs. Anne Hay his Spouse; whom failing, the Heirs Male to be procreate of his Body in any other lawful subsequent Marriage; whom failing, to the Heirs Female procreate or to be procreate of his Body in his present or any subsequent Marriage, the eldest Heir Female always succeeding without Division; whom failing, the other Heirs Female procreate or descending of the Body of the said Dame Barbara Hepburn his Grandmother, who was Daughter of the deceased Mr. Thomas Hepburn, Parson of Oldhamstocks, and the Heirs of their Bodies, the eldest Heir Female always succeeding without Division; whom failing, to the Heirs Male, procreate or descending of the Body of Ann Hepburn his Grand Aunr, who was also Daughter of the said deceased Mr. Thomas Hepburn; whom failing, to the Heirs Female procreate or descending of the Body of the said Ann Hepburn, and to the Heirs of their Bodies, the eldest Heir Female always succeeding without Division; whom failing, to the Heirs Male procreate or descending of the Body of Isobel Hep-burn his Grand Aunt, also Daughter of the said deceased Mr. Thomas Hepburn; whom failing, to the Heirs Female procreate or descending of the Body of the said Isobel Hepburn, and to the Heirs of their Bodies, the eldest Heir Female always succeeding without Division; whom all failing, to the said deceased Mr. Thomas Hepburn, his Heirs whatsoever; upon which Procuratory the said Sir Patrick Hepburn Murray expede a Charter of Resignation of the said Lands which hold of the Crown, which is dated the Third Day of July, and written to the Seal, and registered and sealed the Twenty-fourth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three Years, and was thereupon infeft, with and under the Provisions, Restrictions, Limitations,and Conditions therein mentioned, conform to Instrument of Sasine in his favour, dated the Twenty-fifth Day of September, and registered in the said General Register of Sasines at Edinburgh the Twenty-second Day of November One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three Years : And whereas the said Sir Patrick Hepburn Murray having died, he was succeeded in the Lands and Estate of Blackcastle before mentioned by his Daughter Mrs. Mary Hepburn Murray (Mother of the said Alex-[Private.] under

174

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 10.

ander Hepburn Belshes), who was served nearest and lawful Heir of Taillie and Provision to her said Father, conform to Retour of her special Service, dated the Sixteenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven Years, and was infeft upon the Precept, dated the Seventh Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven Years, issuing from Chancery in the said Lands and others holding of the Crown, conform to Instrument of Sasine in her favour of Date the Twelfth Day of May, and registered in the said particular Register of Sasines, Reversions, et cetera, at Edinburgh the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven Years, under the Provisions, Restrictions, Limitations, Conditions, Clauses irritant and resolutive, which are contained in the said Charter in favour of the said Sir Patrick Hepburn Murray, and in the said Deed of Entail first-recited; and with regard to the said other Lands before-mentioned, which are held of a Subject Superior, Mrs. Mary Hepburn Murray obtained a Precept of Clare Constat, as nearest and lawful Heir of Taillie and Provision to the said Sir John Hepburn Murray of Blackcastle, her Grandfather, videlicet, the said Lands of Wollines and others before-mentioned, from the Superior of the said Lands, dated the Twenty-second and Twenty-seventh Days of July One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine Years, whereupon she was duly infeft, with and under the Provisions, Restrictions, Limitations, and Conditions contained in the said recited Deeds of Entail, conform to Instrument of Sasine in her favour, dated the Eleventh Day of September, and registered in the General Register of Sasines, Reversions, et cetera, at Edinburgh, the Eighth Day of October One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine Years : And whereas the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes, the eldest Son of the Marriage betwixt the said Mrs. Mary Hepburn Murray and John Hepburn Belshes her Husband, is now Heir of Entail, in possession of the Lands and Estate of Blackcastle, being the whole Lands contained in the Deed of Entail first-recited, and comprised in the First Schedule annexed to this Act, and stands infeft and seised under the Provisions, Restrictions, and Limitations therein contained, in the said Lands of Dodd, Burngreen, and others, the Part of the said entailed Lands held of the Crown, conform to Charter of Resignation under the Great Seal in favour of the said Mrs. Mary Hepburn Murray Belshes, now deceased, in Life-rent, and the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes in Fee, dated the Second Day of June, written to the Seal, and registered and sealed the Sixth Day of July Eighteen hundred and twenty Years, and Instrument of Sasine following on the said Charter in favour of the said Mrs. Mary Hepburn Murray Belshes in Life-rent, and the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes in Fee, dated the Twenty-second Day of July, and recorded in the said particular Register of Sasines, Reversions, et cetera, within the Sheriffdoms of Edinburgh, Haddington, Linlithgow, and Bathgate, at Edinburgh, the Twenty-sixth Day of the said Month of July Eighteen hundred and twenty Years; and that the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes is also infeft in the said other Lands contained in the said Entail, and holding of a Subject Superior, with and under the Provisions, Restrictions, Limitations, and Conditions therein contained, conform to Precept of Clare Constat by Robert Hay Esquire, the Superior of the said Lands, in his favour, dated the Tenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three Years, and Instrument of Sasine following thereon, dated the 'lwenty-fifth, and recorded in the General Register of Sasines, Reversions, et cetera, at Edinburgh the Twenty-sixth Days of March One thousand eight

175

4° GEORGII IV. 10.

eight hundred and twenty-three Years : And whereas the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes is possessed in Fee Simple of all and whole the following Parts and Portions of the Lands and Barony of Inver may, videlicet, the Park of Invermay, the Lands of Kippen, Muckersie Farm, Muckersie Mill, Bogton or Banktonlee, and Green of Invermay, lying in the County of Perth, specified in the Second Schedule annexed to this Act, and which are of the yearly Value of One thousand one hundred and ninety Pounds Sterling, and have Woods growing thereon of the Value of Seven thousand Pounds Sterling, and which Lands are contained in a Charter of Resignation in favour of the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes under the Great Seal, of, inter alia, the whole Lands and Barony of Invermay, dated the Fifth Day of July, and written to the Seal, and registered and sealed the Third Day of Septe?nber One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two Years, and Instrument of Sasine following thereon, dated the Twenty-ninth Day of March, and registered in the General Register of Sasines, Reversions, et cetera, at Edinburgh, the Second Day of April, both in the Year Eighteen hundred and twenty-three: And whereas upon the said Fee Simple Lands there is a good and suitable Mansion House, Offices, and Garden, which are worth, as specified in the Third Schedule hereto annexed, over and above the Value of the Fee Simple Lands, the Sum of Six thousand Pounds Sterling : And whereas there is no Mansion House upon the said entailed Estate of Blackcastle, which, according to the First Schedule annexed to this Act, is of the yearly Value of One thousand and seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three-pence Sterling, and has no Woods growing thereon; and the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes, being desirous and willing to exchange the said entailed Lands and Estate of Blackcastle for and in lieu of the said Parts and Portions of the Lands and Barony of Invermay, contained in the said Second Schedule hereunto annexed, which Lands contained in the said Second Schedule hereunto annexed, independent of the said Mansion House, Offices, and Garden contained in the Third Schedule hereunto annexed, are of greater Value than the said Lands and Estate of Blackcastle, contained in the First Schedule hereunto annexed, by One hundred and eighty-two Pounds and Nine-pence Sterling, so that such Exchange will be beneficial and advantageous to the Heirs of Entail entitled to take under the said recited Deeds of Entail; but by reason of the Limitations and Conditions contained in the said Deeds of Entail, these Ends cannot be attained without the Aid and Authority of Parliament : May it therefore please Your Majesty, upon the humble Petition of the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes and Major John Belshes, the only Heirs of Entail of the said Estates in Life, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes, at any Time during his Life, or failing him, the Heir of Entail for the Time being, or his or her Tutors or Curators, if under the Age of Twenty-one Years, who shall be seised of and in possession of the said entailed Estate of Blackcastle, and others aforesaid, comprised in the said recited Deeds of Entail, and set forth in the First Schedule annexed to this Act, shall and may be at liberty to apply by summary Petition to the Court of Session in Scotland, in either of its Divisions, and by and with the Direction and Approbation of the said Court, to make,

grant,

A. Hepburn Belshes empowered to execute a Deed of Settlement and Entail of the Lands of Invermay, specified in the Second Schedule, and also

176

the Mansion House and Premises contained in the Third Schedule, in such Manner as shall appear to the Court of Session effectual for settling the same on the Heirs described in the recited Deeds of Entail.

To be registered in the Register of Taillies, &c.

Lands and Estate of Blackcastle contained in First Schedule vested in A. Hepburn Belshes and his Heirs in Fee Simple.

General

Saving.

4° GEORGII IV. 10.

grant, and execute a Disposition or Deed of Settlement and Entail of the aforesaid Parts and Portions of the Lands and Barony of Invermay,and others contained in the Second Schedule, and also the Mansion House, Garden, Lands, and Premises contained in the Third Schedule hereunto annexed, in such Form and Manner as shall appear to the Judges of the said Court of Session in either of its Divisions proper, for effectually exchanging, settling, and securing the said last-mentioned Lands and others, free of all Debts and Incumbrances, affecting or that may affect the same, to and in favour of the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes, and the other Heirs of Entail in the said Deeds of Entail mentioned and described, and that in the way of strict Entail, under all the Conditions, Provisions, Declarations, Limitations, and Clauses irritant and resolutive, provided, mentioned, expressed, and declared by the said Deeds of Entail, in so far as the same are now subsisting, or capable of taking Effect; which Settlement and Entail shall be so framed as to bind the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes, or other Person executing the same, as well as the succeeding Heirs of Entail.

II. And be it further enacted, That after the said Disposition or Deed of Settlement and Entail shall be so made and executed in Manner and to the Effect aforesaid, the same shall be recorded in due Form in the Register of Taillies, for the Benefit and Security of all and every Person and Persons interested therein, and a Charter or Charters may and shall pass and be obtained thereupon, and Infeftment or Infeftments taken by virtue of the Precept or Precepts therein contained, and recorded agreeably to the Forms of the Law of Scotland; upon all which the said Court shall interpone its Authority, by declaring that the Directions by this Act given have been complied with, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

III. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the granting and executing of the foresaid Disposition and Deed of Settlement and Entail, recording of the same, passing the Charter or Charters thereupon, and the taking and recording the Infeftment or Infeftments as before mentioned, and the Authority of the Court of Session being interponed thereto, the said Lands and Estate of Blackcastle, contained in the said First Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be and the same are hereby settled and vested in the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes and his Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple, and the same shall from thenceforth be freed, and absolutely acquitted, released, exonerated, and discharged of and from all the Conditions, Provisions, Declarations, Limitations, Prohibitions, and Irritancies contained in and imposed by the said Deeds of Entail, and shall from thenceforth be at the free and absolute Disposal of the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes, and his Heirs and Assigns.

IV. Saving always, and reserving to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to any Legatees or Annuitants that are or may be existing and unpaid, and heritable Creditors upon the said Estate, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors, (other than and except the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes, and the Heirs of Entail entitled to succeed to the said Barony and Estate of Blackcastle and others, by virtue of the said Deeds of Entail before recited), all such

5 Estates,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 10.

Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims, and Demands, of, in, to, or out of all or any Part of the Lands, Estates, and other Premises aforesaid, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could, should, or might have had and enjoyed, claimed, or demanded, in case this Act had not been made.

177

V. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Evidence Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print Clause, the Statutes of the United Kingdom \ and a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

cb IL

SCHEDULE First to which this Act refers.

w «« ' mr - < a M ,<

&» Jk,

SPECIFYING the Lands and Barony of Blackcastle, lying in the Baronies of Oldhamstocks, Hailes, Cockburnspath* and Thorntoun, Parish of Innerwick, Constabulary of Haddington, Sheriffdoms of Edinburgh, Berwick, and, by Annexation, Renfrew.

4m-

V

Nos.

:r

NAMES OF LANDS.

Aikengalls

Cocklavv and Blackcastle Wollines or Woollands Westhall -

Kirklands -

Feu of Cocklaw and Blackcastle

TENANTS.

Geo. Purves

Win. Purves

David Denholm

David Darling

Th os. Weatherly

r Mr. Blair and Turnbull \ 1 of Branxton - J

Muir and Pasture.

Acres, Thousand Parts.

1,327,354

307,783

27,702

3,506

ARABLE.

Acres,

Thousand Parts.

163,069 204,340 196,570 120,339 19,376

Houses, Yards, Roads, &c.

Acres,

Thousand Farts.

7,275

4,735

1,067

3,855

0,112

TOTAL.

Acres,

Thousand Parts.

1,497,699

516,859

225,339

127,702

19,489

m

113

Public Burdens affecting said Lands

RENT.

£ 5. d.

350 0 0

225 0 0

200 0 0

250 0 0

30 0 0

6 5 0

1,061 5 0

53 5 9

m

’ %L

It

MM

1,007 19 3

Value of the Lands at 25 Years Purchase

A.

.£25,199 1 3

This is also the estimated Value.

Robert Murray.

178 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 10.

179

i -p a *

w , *

4° GEORGII IV. 10,

A ,f j, 4U. mmni i»pinrT»|

SCHEDULE Second to which this Act refers.

SPECIFYING the Parts and Portions of the Lands and Barony of Invermay, lying in the County of Perth, proposed to be exchanged for and in lieu of the Lands and Barony of Blackcastle, specified in the preceding Schedule.

Nos. NAMES OF LANDS. EXTENT. TENANTS. RENT.

£ s. d.

1 Arable and Pasture Lands 353,366. Proprietor 706 0 0

2 Lands of Kippen 234. Do. 114 0 0

3 Muckersie Farm - 77,500. Thos. Finlayson 70 0 0

4 Do. Mill Farm - 31. Wm. Mill 60 0 0

5 Bogton or Bankton Lee 61,500. Wm. Fraser % 120 0 0

6 Green of Invermay 75,750. Do. 150 0 0

• 7 Woods - 142,829. -

1,220 0 0

Public Burdens af 'ecting the said Lands - 30 0 0

£ 1,190 0 0

it ~ I.

Value of the Lands at 25 Years Purchase - - i£29,750

The estimated Value, if sold, is at least

*£50,000

Value of the Woods on the above Lands.

The Woods growing upon the said Parts and Portions of the Lands and Barony of Invermay, consisting of 142,829 Acres, are worth *£7,000. }

Robert Murray.

A

|v

SCHEDULE Third to which this Act refers.

THE Mansion House, Offices, and Gardens of Invermay, with Sixteen Acres and Eight hundred and forty-nine Parts of an Acre of Avenues, Roads, and Shrubbery, and Ten Acres Six hundred and sixty-eight Parts of an Acre of Ground, under Water, are worth *£6,000,

George Dunlop.

Writer to the Signet.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

1( fc* *

Cap A 1.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Provost and Scholars of the King's College of Blessed Mary and Saint Nicholas of,

and the Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars of the College or Hall commonly called Clare Hall, in the University of Cambridge.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS the Provost and Scholars of the King's College of Blessed Mary and Saint Nicholas of Cambridge are seised, to them and their Successors for ever, of a Parcel of Ground situate in the Town of Cambridge in the County of Cambridge called Butt Close, for many Years past, and now in the Occupation of the Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars of the College or Hall commonly called Clare Hall in the University of Cambridge, as Tenants to the said Provost and Scholars, containing Two Acres Two Roods and Thirty-four Perches, bounded on the North by Gerrard’s Hostle Lane, on the East by the River Camf and on the South and West by other Grounds belonging to the said Provost and Scholars, with the Buildings and Trees now standing and being thereon, and the Rights and Appurtenances thereto belonging r And whereas the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars are seised, to them and their Successors for ever, of a small Parcel of Ground in Cambridge aforesaid, with the Appurtenances, whereupon Part of the ancient Building or Foundation of Clare Hall aforesaid did formerly stand, [Private.'] % % as

182 4° GEORGII IV. Cap.U.

as the same hath been for many Years past and now is annexed and laid open into and for the Enlargement of the Chapelyard of the said King's College, and situate, lying, and being next to the Stone Wall belonging to Clare Hall aforesaid on the Part of the North, and containing in Length from the new Building of the said Clare Hall by the said Stone Wall, Seventy Feet towards the East, and in Breadth, from the said Stone Wall by the said new Building of Clare Hall aforesaid, Fifty Feet towards the South : And whereas the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars are also seised, to them and their Successors for ever, of all that Messuage or Tenement called or known by the Name of the White Horse Inn, with all Houses, Outhouses, Stables, Buildings, Yards, Rights, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, situate and being in Trumpington Street in the Parish of Saint Benedict in the said Town of Cambridge, now or late rented and held of the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars by Richard Foster, and in the Occupation of John Cook, James Adams, and others, as Under-tenants, except Part of the said Stables, which is in the Occupation of the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars; and 20th De- which said Premises were in and by the last Will and Testament of

cember Thomas Pyke, formerly of Cambridge aforesaid* bearing Date the Twentieth

U08, Will of j)ay of E)ecember One thousand seven hundred and eight, and proved in omas y e. Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury the Twenty-second Day of February One thousand seven hundred and eight, given and bequeathed to the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, and their Successors for ever, by the Description of all those his the said Testator’s Freehold Messuages or Tenements, with their Appurtenances, situate, lying, and being in Bennet Parish in Cambridge aforesaid, to the Intent that they, out of the Rents and Profits thereof, should settle Two Scholarships of Ten Pounds a-piece per Annum, as in his said Will is mentioned; and the Testator willed that the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, and their Successors, should pay to Margaret Adcock, in his said Will named, and who is long since dead, Twenty Shillings a Quarter out of the Rents and Profits of the Messuages or Tenements aforesaid, and that she should reside in Part of the said Premises during the Term of her Life, and in Default thereof that the said Messuages or Tenements should go to Henry Pyke, Son to his the Testator’s late Brother William Pyke, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, which Conditions were duly complied with; and the said Testator’s Will further was, that after the Taxes should be off, that the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, and their Successors did, out of the Rents and Profits of the Premises aforementioned to be to them given, settle Three Scholarships of Ten Pounds a-piece as aforesaid : And whereas the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, upon their entering into Possession of the said Messuage or Inn and Hereditaments devised to them by the said Will of the said Thomas Pyke, did, in compliance therewith, settle Two Scholarships of Ten Pounds a-piece per Annum, and by and out of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises have duly paid the said Sums yearly to the Scholars who, for the Time being, have held such Scholarships, in pursuance of the said Will: And whereas the said Provost and Scholars, and the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, have for their mutual Accommodation and Convenience agreed to make an Exchange of the said Parcel of Ground called Butt Close, with the Buildings and Trees now standing and being thereon, and the Rights and Appurtenances thereto belonging, but subject to the Proviso herein-after contained, together

io with

183

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.U.

with such Right of Footpath as herein after is mentioned, for the said Parcel of Ground in the Chapelyard of King’s College aforesaid, and the said Messuage or Inn and Hereditaments with their Appurtenances, so devised to the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars by the said Will of the said Thomas Pyke; and the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars are desirous that the Whole of the Hereditaments which they will become possessed of by the aforesaid Exchange should be subject to and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes mentioned in the Will of the said Thomas Pyke, although the said Parcel of Ground in the Chapelyard of King’s College aforesaid is not subject to or for those Trusts, Intents, and Purposes; and upon the Treaty for the said Exchange it was agreed between the said Provost and Scholars, and the said Master or Keeper,

Fellows and Scholars, that the said Provost and Scholars should pay unto the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, the Sum of One hundred Pounds in order to make up the Equality of the Exchange of the Premises before mentioned : And whereas such Exchange as aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Provost and Scholars, on behalf of themselves and their Successors, and the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, on behalf of themselves and their Successors, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Parcel of Ground called Butt Close in the Butt Close First Schedule to this Act more particularly mentioned and described, with vested in the the Buildings and Trees now standing and being thereon, and the Rights Master,^eland Appurtenances thereto belonging, and also full and free Liberty of scholars of Way and Passage as a Footpath only of the Breadth of Three Feet to, into, Clare Hall, and from the said Piece or Parcel of Ground called Butt Close, from the and subject-Gate now standing and being at the West End thereof, by, through, and ^ses of6 over the Ground belonging to the said Provost and Scholars parallel with Thomas and adjoining to the Ditch at the East Side of the same Ground, unto Pyke’s Will, and from the Lane called Gerrard’s Hostle Lane, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, but subject to the Proviso next herein-after contained, shall immediately from and after the passing of this Act be settled upon and vested in, and the same are hereby settled upon and vested in the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, and their Successors for ever, but subject to and for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes which in and by the said Will of the said Thomas Pyke are mentioned and contained, touching the Messuages or Tenements with their Appurtenances thereby devised to the Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars of the said College or Hall: Provided always nevertheless, that it shall and may be King’s Col-lawful to and for the said Provost and Scholars and their Successors, from lege empow-Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter, at their own proper ^FenceT^ Costs and Charges, to make, put, up, and maintain a Cheveau de Frieze or other Iron Fence on the South Side of the Walk-part of the said Close, and also to make, put up, and maintain a Sluice across the Ditch at the West End of the said Walk, so as to keep up the Water therein on the South Side of the same Sluice to any Height which the said Provost and Scholars or their Successors shall think proper.

184

The Parcel of Ground in King’s College Yard, and the White Horse Inn, vested in the Provost and Scholars of King’s College.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 11.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Parcel of Ground in the Chapelyard of King's College aforesaid, and the said Messuage or Inn and Hereditaments, with their Appurtenances, so devised by the said Will of the said Thomas Pyke unto the said Master or Keeper, Fellows, and Scholars of Clare Hall aforesaid, and in the Second Schedule to this Act more particularly mentioned and described, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, shall immediately, from and after the passing of this Act, be settled upon and vested in, and the same are hereby settled upon and vested in the said Provost and Scholars, and their Successors for ever, freed and discharged and absolutely acquitted and exonerated of and from the Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes in and by the said Will of the said Thomas Pyke mentioned, expressed, and contained, of and concerning the same Messuage or Inn and Hereditaments, with their Appurte-

nances.

The 100/.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of One hundred Equality Mo- Pounds so agreed to be paid by the said Provost and Scholars to make "aftUnto the UP Equality of the said Exchange, shall be paid into the Bank of

Court of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of

Chancery; the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex-partc

the Provost and Scholars of King’s College in the University of Cambridge, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-four; and the Certificate or Certificates to be given by the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England of the said Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall be and be deemed and taken to be a good and sufficient Discharge to the said Provost and Scholars for the same; and that after the filing of such Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts, the said Provost and Scholars and their Successors shall be and are hereby absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same and every Part thereof, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of the same or any Part thereof.

and invested

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Money to be paid into in Land. the Bank as aforesaid shall, with the Consent of the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, be laid out and invested, under and subject to the Directions of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of an Order to be for that Purpose obtained upon Motion or Petition in a summary Way, in the Purchase of Freehold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession, which shall be conveyed to, or settled upon, or vested in the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, and their Successors for ever, but subject to and for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes which in and by the said Will of the said Thomas Pyke are mentioned or contained touching the Messuages or Tenements, with their Appurtenances, thereby devised

to the Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars of the said College or Hall. 6

4° GEORGII IV. 11. 185

V. And be it further enacted, That until such Purchase shall be made, Until Pur-

the said Sum of One hundred Pounds shall be laid out by the said

, , r _ xt" n. . to be invest-

Accountant General m the Purchase or Navy, Victualling, iransport, or ed in Sills. Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Bills to be purchased, and the Monies received for the same, as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, shall from Time to Time be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy, Victualling,

Transport, or Exchequer Bills; provided that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to make such General Order or Orders, or Special Order or Orders, if necessary, that whenever the Exchequer Bills of the Date of those in the Hands of the Accountant General shall be in Course of Payment by Government, and new Exchequer Bills shall be issued, such new Exchequer Bills may be received in Exchange for those which are so in the Course of Payment, and as shall be effectual for enabling such Receipt in Exchange, and that in such event the Interest of the old Bills shall be laid out as before directed, with respect to the Interest where the Bills are paid off; all which said Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until a proper Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid shall be found and approved as before directed, and until the same shall, upon a Petition setting forth such Approbation, to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a summary Way by or on behalf of the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for or towards the completing such Purchase or Purchases respectively, in such Manner as the said Court shall think just and direct.

VI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Court of Chancery from Time to Time to make such Order or Orders as to the Chancery said Court shall seem fit, for taxing the Costs of the several Applications Qrde^for to be made to the said Court respecting the Matters aforesaid, and the taxing Costs. Costs of taking the said Money out of the Bank, and investing the same

in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, and of settling the same according to the Directions herein-before contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Provost and Scholars Power of Re-or their Successors shall at any Time hereafter be evicted from the Pos- entry to session of the said Parcel of Ground, Messuage, or Inn, and Heredita- K*ng’s Col-men ts hereby settled upon and vested in them as aforesaid, by any Right

or Title precedent to the passing of this Act, then and from thenceforth it n*

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Provost and Scholars and their Successors, immediately after such Eviction from the Possession of the same Premises, to enter into and upon the said Parcel of Ground called Butt Close, and other the Hereditaments herein-before mentioned to be settled upon and vested in the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, and their Successors, and the same to have, hold, and enjoy again as in their first and former Estate, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if this present Act had not been passed, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and then also the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, or their Successors, shall and will repay to the said Provost and Scholars or their Successors the said Sum of One hundred Pounds within Three Months next after the same shall be lawfully demanded.

[Private.] , a VIII. And

186

Power of Reentry to Clare Hall in case of Eviction.

General

Saving.

Evidence

Clause.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 11.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, or their Succesors, shall at any Time hereafter be evicted from the Possession of the said Parcel of Ground called Butt Close, and other the Hereditaments hereby settled upon and vested in them as aforesaid, by any Right or Title precedent to the passing of this Act, then and from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, and their Successors, immediately after such Eviction from the Possession of the same Premises, to enter into and upon the said Parcel of Ground in the Chapelyard of King’s College aforesaid, and the said Messuage or Inn and Hereditaments herein-before mentioned to be settled upon and vested in the said Provost and Scholars and their Successors, and the same to have, hold, and enjoy again as in their first and former Estate, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if this present Act had not been passed, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof ill anywise notwithstanding.

IX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Persons and Person, Bodies and Body Politic and Corporate, and his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, other than the said Provost and Scholars, and their Successors, and the said Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars, and their Successors, all such Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the Premises respectively settled and vested by or by virtue of this Act, as they, every or any of them, had or were entitled to before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, enjoyed, or been entitled to, in case this Act had not been made.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

The

4° GEORGII IV. Cajo.il

The FIRST SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Description. Quantity. Occupiers. Value.

A Parcel of Ground in the Town of Cambridge called Butt Close, bounded on the North by Gerrard’s Hostle Lane, on the East by the River Cam, and on the South and West by Grounds belonging to the Provost and Scholars of King’s College. A* Ri P. 2 2 34 m Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Clare Hall. O

Chas, Humfrey*

The SECOND SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Description. Occupiers. Value.

A small Parcel of Ground in Cambridge whereupon Part of the ancient Building or Foundation of Clare Hall formerly stood, now forming Part of the Chapelyard of King’s College, situate next to the Stone Wall belonging to Clare Hall aforesaid on the Part of the North, and continuing in Length from the new Building of Clare Hall by the said Stone Wall 70 Feet towards the East, and in Breadth from the said Stone Wall by the said new Building of Clare Hall aforesaid, 50 Feet towards the South. Provost and Scholars of King’s College. £ >2,500

A Messuage or Tenement called the White Horse Inn, with the Houses, Outhouses, Stables, Buildings, Yards, Rights, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, situate in Trumpington Street, in the Parish of Saint Benedict in the Town of Cambridge. Now or late Richard Foster and others, and the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Clare Hall. J

Chas, Humfrey,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 12.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for inclosing and improving Beam Heath, in the Township of Alvaston, in the Parish of Nantwich, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[30th May 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for inclosing and improving a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land called Beam Heath, in the Township of Alvaston, in the Parish of Nantwich, in the County Palatine of Chester: And whereas the Trustees appointed under or by virtue of the said Act have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities vested in them by such Act; and a considerable Portion of the said Common or Waste Land hath been inclosed and improved, and great Benefit hath thereby accrued to the Persons having Interest therein or Rights thereupon: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said Act have been found defective and insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed, and that more efficient Powers should be granted instead thereof, and further and more effectual Provision made for the Regulation of the Use and Occupation of the Lands composing the said Heath, and for the Application of the Money arising from such Lands; but the several beneficial Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please : [Private3 Your

43G. 3. C. 123.

190

Repeal of former Act.

Trustees

appointed.

Trustees to take the following Oath.

Oath.

Elections of Trustees on Vacancies.

4° GEORGII IV. 12.

Your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act shall be and the same is declared to be repealed, and that this Act shall thenceforth take effect and be put in force for inclosing and improving the said Common or Waste Land called Beam Heath, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That James Bayley, John Barker, Thomas Bebbington the younger, William Betteley, George Cappur, Washington Cliffe, James Cooper, Thomas Cope sticky John Downes, Thomas Deriemer, John Eardley, William Garnett Clerk, John Jasper Garnett, Edward Kent, John Latham Clerk, John Latham, Richard Leversage, John Minshull, William Massey, Charles Mare, James Parratt, James Plevin, John Pratchett, Benjamin Rodenhurst, Joseph Skerrett, William Sprout, Thomas Steele, Crowdson Tunstall, William Tomlinson the elder, Henry Tomlinson, Daniel Tomlinson, and John Withenshaw, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for executing this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person herein named as a Trustee, or who shall hereafter be elected a Trustee on Vacancy, as hereafter mentioned, shall be capable of acting as such Trustee until he shall have taken and subscribed, before One or more of the said Trustees, an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do affirm], That I am an Inha-

* bitant Householder of the Town of Nantwich, entitled to the Benefit ‘ of the Inclosure of Beam Heath; that I am worth the Sum of Five

* hundred Pounds in Real or Personal Property, after Payment of all my

* just Debts; and that I am not, directly or indirectly, a Tenant, Lessee,

* or Occupier of any of the said inclosed Lands; and I further swear 4 [or affirm, as the Case may be\, that I will faithfully, impartially, and 4 honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and

* perform the several Trusts and Duties reposed in me by virtue of an Act, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Acf\, according to Equity 4 and good Conscience, and without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, 4 Prejudice or Malice, to any Person whomsoever. So help me GOD.*

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words ‘ So help me God.’]

Which said Oath or Affirmation the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, are and is hereby empowered to administer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Vacancy shall occur amongst the said Trustees, either by the Death of any Trustee or by his Desire to be discharged from acting as such Trustee, or by his becoming incapable of acting, or by his absenting himself from Six successive Meetings (whether General or Special), without assigning sufficient Cause to the Majority of the Trustees present at their next Meeting, or by knowingly or wilfully committing any Act or Acts, either directly or indirectly, contrary to the Provisions in this Act contained, which shall be decided upon by the Majority of the Trustees aforesaid; or in case of any such Trustee ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed,

9 such

191

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 12.

such Trustee shall be discharged from his Trust, upon satisfactory Evidence upon Oath or Affirmation being produced before the remaining Trustees, that such or any of the before-mentioned Causes of Disqualification exist; and another Person shall be appointed in the Place of such Trustee in manner herein-after mentioned, that is to say, a Majority of the remaining Part of the Trustees shall make known such Vacancy within Fourteen Days after the same shall have occurred, through themselves or their Clerk, or by Notice on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Nantwich, and on the Market Hall of the same Town, that such Vacancy will be supplied at the then next General Vestry for Town Business; and such Person as shall then be proposed and elected by a Majority of the Inhabitants then present (entitled to the Benefits arising from the said Heath, and who have at such Time paid all Rates as shall be then due from them), shall be from thenceforth a Trustee for executing this Act, on taking the before-mentioned Oath or Affirmation.

V. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen at any Time after Justices to - the passing of this Act, that more than One Year shall elapse without an appointTrus-Election of a sufficient Number of Trustees being made according to the VacancieTarc true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and so often it shall be lawful, not filled up upon Certificate under the Hands of the remaining Trustees or the major in One Year. Part of them, for the Justices of the Peace assembled at any General Quarterly Sessions of the Peace for the said County Palatine, to appoint, by Writing under their Hands, such a Number of the Inhabitant Householders of the said Township of Nantwich for the Time being, qualified as aforesaid, to be Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, as will be sufficient to supply the then Vacancies; and that the Trustees to be appointed by such Justices as aforesaid, shall and may act in all respects as fully and effectually, and with such and the same Powers and Authorities, as if they had been elected in manner herein-before mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings Meetings and of the Trustees acting in Execution of this Act, shall be done, made, and Quorum of had by the major Part of the Trustees present at their several Meetings, Tl'ustees* the whole Number present not being less than Three (except in Cases where any other Number is herein named), and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings had, made, or done by or before such Three Trustees, shall have the same Force and Effect, and shall be binding and conclusive on all Persons, and to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as fully and effectually as if the same were had, made, or done by or before all the said Trustees; and at every Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, a Chairman shall and may in the first Instance be appointed, who in case of an equal Number of Votes upon any Occasion, including such Chairman’s Vote, shall have thecasting or decisive Vote : Provided always, that Two Trustees shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and in case a competent Number of Trustees shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed, at any Meeting of the Trustees, either to act or to adjourn, or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, then and in either of such Cases it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees (or for the Clerk to the said Trustees, being authorized by an Order in Writing signed by any Two or more of the said Trustees), to call a Meeting of the said Trustees, by Notice to be affixed to the Door of the Parish Church of Nantwich,

at

Meetings on Emergencies.

Trustees being Justices may act as such.

Manner of

giving

Notices.

Trustees may

appoint

Officers,

and remove them.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.\2.

at least Seven Days previous to such Meeting, at such Time and Place as such Trustees shall think proper to appoint: Provided also, that no Order made by Three or more Trustees at any Meeting shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Five Trustees at the least shall be present, nor unless a Majority of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration, nor unless Fourteen Days Notice shall be given by Two or more Trustees to the Clerk of the said Trustees, of their Desire to have a Meeting at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, for the Purpose of taking into Consideration the said Order, with a View to revoke or alter the same, or that it will be proposed to revoke or alter such Order at the next adjourned Meeting; and in such Case Notice shall be given by the said Clerk, or by any Two or more of the said Trustees, Ten Days at least before such Meeting, to such Trustees as were present when the Order was made, of the Intention to revoke or alter such Order.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, or for the Clerk to the said Trustees, by an Order in Writing, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, to give Notice in manner herein-before directed of such earlier Meeting, and in such Notice shall be expressed the Time, Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, such Time being not less than Three Days after such Notice; and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees at all such Meetings, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or shall be Justices of the Peace, may within their respective Jurisdictions act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in Cases wherein they shall be personally interested.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Notices required to be given by this Act, shall (in Cases where the Manner of giving such Notices is not herein otherwise mentioned) be given by affixing the same to the principal outer Door of the Church of the Parish of Nantwich aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, and Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of such Money as shall arise and be made due and payable by virtue of this Act, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary and proper to be employed in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and also may remove from Time to Time all such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers and other Officers, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall see occasion; and upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of such Officers, or any or either of them, the said Trustees may appoint others in their stead; and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Money to be raised and received by virtue of this Act, make such Allowance

193

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. VI.

ance unto the Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, and all other Officers so appointed, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in the Execution of this Act, as to them the said Trustees shall seem proper; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to take Bonds with sufficient Sureties from every such Treasurer, Clerk, Officer, or Person, for the due and faithful Execution of his Office; and every Officer and Person Officers to who shall be so appointed as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, when account, thereunto required by the said Trustees by Writing under their Hands, make out and deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under his Hand, of all Monies which shall have been by him had, collected, or received, and how and to whom and for what Purpose the same and every Part thereof hath or have been disposed of, together with the Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments; and every such Officer or Person shall and is hereby required to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account shall appear to be owing from him to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the samej and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to render and Proceedings deliver up such Account as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the same, or to pay the Balance thereof fusing*^6" when thereunto required, in Manner aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect account, &c. to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Seven Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, or by such other Person or Persons, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case, Complaint being made thereof by the said Trustees, or by any Person on Behalf of the said Trustees, of any such Neglect or Refusal, to any Justice of the Peace for the County Palatine of Chester, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Person to be brought before him, and upon his appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees might have done; and if upon Confession of the Officer or other Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, it shall appear to the said Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of or be owing from such Officer or Person, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and empowered upon Non-payment fhereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Monies, and the Charges of taking and making such Distress, and of selling the same, or if such Officer or Person shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place appointed for that Purpose, or if appearing shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver up to the said Justice such Account in Writing as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts, or to deliver up all Books,

Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place in [Private."] 3 q which

194 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 12.

which such Officer or Person shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have delivered in and settled such Account as aforesaid, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in the Hands of or owing from him, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale (if any) as shall in that respect have been made, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees for such Money and Charges, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make, and shall have delivered up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed for want of such Distress, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk of or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees for executing this Act; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person, being the Partner of any such Clerk, or being the Clerk of or any Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer, shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or if any Treasurer shall hold any Place of Profit or Trust under this Act, other than that of Treasurer, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

Clerk restrained from acting as Treasurer, and vice versa.

Proceedings to be entered,

and allowed to be read in Evidence;

and to be open to Inspection.

Trustees not answerable for eaeh other.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause proper Books to be provided and kept, and regular Entries to be made therein, as well of all their Orders and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, as of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Books, signed by the Chairman then present, shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Suits, Actions, and Proceedings touching or concerning any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act; and such Books shall at all Meetings of the said Trustees be open to the Inspection of all or any of the said Trustees; and all or any of the said Trustees shall be permitted to have Copies thereof, or of any of the Entries therein, paying for such Copies after the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Trustees of this Act shall be answerable or accountable for the other or others of them, or for involuntary Losses; and that by and out of any Money which shall come to their or his Hand or Hands by virtue of any

9 of

195

4° GEORGII IV. CapA%

of the Trusts created by this Act, it shall be lawful for them and him to retain and reimburse themselves and himself respectively, all the necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences which they or he may respectively incur or sustain in carrying the Trusts of this Act into Execution, and not herein provided for.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall yearly appoint, by Writing under their Hands, Four fit Persons to appear at the Court Leet and Court Baron of the Lord of the Manor and Barony of Nantmch, and out of such Four Persons Two Persons shall be appointed and sworn by the Steward of the said Court, as Heath Keepers, and such Heath Keepers shall, under the Direction and subject to the Controul of the said Trustees, do every thing appertaining to the said Office; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to allow to the said Heath Keepers such Salaries as they the said Trustees shall deem reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Heath Keepers to be removed, and others to be appointed in their stead, as occasion may require.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby empowered to set out and appoint and cause to be made and completed such public Bridleways and Footways in, over, upon, and by the Sides of the Heath or Common by this Act directed to be inclosed and improved, as they shall think requisite, and the same Bridleways and Footways respectively shall be made, and at all Times thereafter repaired and maintained by the said Trustees, by and out of the Monies to arise under or by virtue of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall judge necessary and proper, to divert, turn, or stop up, alter, change, widen, or enlarge any of the Roads, Ways, or Footpaths, passing or leading through or over any of the Lands or Grounds composing the said Heath called Beam Heath: Provided always,that no such Road, Way, or Path shall be diverted, turned, or stopped up, or discontinued, without the Concurrence and Order of Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the Division in which such Road, Way, or Path lies, and not interested in the Repair thereof; which Order shall be subject to Appeal at the Quarter Sessions, in like Manner and under the same Forms and Restrictions as if the said Order had been made by such Justices, and also subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions mentioned and contained in an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Tear of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways, so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a public Highway, and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the stopping up of unnecessary Roads.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause such Buildings, not exceeding Two Cottages, to be erected on such Part or Parts of the said Common or Waste Land, as they shall think fit, and to let the same at such Rents as they shall judge reasonable.

Heath

Keepers to be appointed.

Power to make public Bridleways and Footways.

Power to divert, stop up, and alter Roads.

55G.3. c. 68.

Power to erect Buildings.

196

Beam Heath vested in Trustees.

Persons en-' titled to Leys under former Act to continue entitled.

Inhabitants for a certain Period, and Persons having served Apprenticeships, &c. entitled to the Benefit of Leys for their Cattle, &c.

Schedule of Bates of Leys to be made out annually.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 12.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Common or Waste Land, called Beam Heath, as well that which is already inclosed by virtue of the said former Act as that which is hereby directed to be inclosed and improved, shall from and after the passing of this Act be vested in the Trustees for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed under the Authority hereof, in Trust for the Intents and Purposes herein-after mentioned; and the said Trustees for the Time being shall for evermore stand seised of the said Heath hereby directed to be inclosed and improved, upon the several Trusts herein-after mentioned and declared; (that is to say), there being Eighty-nine Statute Acres of the said Common or Waste Land remaining uninclosed, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to inclose, drain, fence, ditch, and cleanse the Whole or any Part of such Common or Waste Land; and the same when inclosed shall (if the said Trustees shall so think proper) be marled, and undergo a regular Course of Tillage, in the same Manner as the Land inclosed under the said former Act hereby repealed; or the same, when inclosed, shall undergo such other Course of Improvement as the said Trustees in their Discretion shall think proper; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to cause such Repairs and Improvements to be done and made to such Heath, by ditching, draining, fencing, and otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons being entitled to and having enjoyed the Benefit of Leys upon the said Heath under or by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of the said former Act hereby repealed, and being now entitled thereto, shall continue to enjoy the same under or by virtue of this Act, whilst they remain qualified as in this Act is directed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all the Inhabitant Householders of the said Township of Nantwich, who were resident there as such before Lady-day One thousand eight hundred and two, and all other Inhabitant Householders of the said Township, after they shall have been resident therein as such for the Space of Seven successive Years, or if born or having served a Seven Years Apprenticeship in the same Township, and the Widows of any such Persons dying after having been so resident, to have the Benefit of Leys for all their Cattle (except Asses, uncut Horses of Two Years old or upwards, and Pigs), on such Part or Parts of the said Heath as shall be set apart by the said Trustees for that Purpose, paying to the said Trustees, previously to turning on such Cattle, such Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, as the said Trustees may think proper: Provided always, that no Person or Persons who shall hereafter come to reside in the said Township of Nantwich , being a Pauper or Paupers of and belonging to any other Township or Townships, shall be entitled to the Benefit of the said Leys, or any Share of the Surplus Monies hereafter mentioned, by means of any such Residence as Householders in Nantwich.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall yearly make out a Schedule of the several Prices or Rates which are intended to be charged for the then ensuing Year, for Leys upon the said Heath, which Schedule shall be made known to Persons entitled to Leys in the Month

of

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 12.

of January in each Year 5 and no Person shall turn into the Ley more than Two Horses, or more than Three Two-year-old Colts, or Four One-year-old Colts, or Three Cows, or Four Two-year-old Heifers, or Five Stirks, or Twenty Sheep, and such Cattle shall be charged equally per Head, according to the Description of Cattle turned on; (that is to say), if the Rate of the Leys be Three Pounds per Annum, the First Horse shall be charged One Pound and Ten Shillings, and the Second Horse One Pound Ten Shillings; or if Twenty Sheep be turned into the said Heath, Three Shillings per Head shall be charged for each Sheep so turned into the said Heath.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have become entitled to Leys on the said Heath, and shall afterwards leave the Town of Nantwich aforesaid, such Person shall, after returning to Nantwich, be a resident Householder therein for Two successive Years before he shall be entitled to Leys upon the said Heath.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, after having appointed so much and such Parts of the said Heath as shall appear to them necessary for Leys, to lease the Remainder or Part of such Heath, in such Parts and for such agricultural Purposes as they may think expedient; and the said Trustees shall and may at some public Meeting of the said Trustees, to be held for that Purpose (of which Meeting and the Purpose thereof Notice shall be given at least Fourteen Days previous to such Meeting), let the remaining Parts of the same Heath, or so much thereof, either together or in Parcels, as they may think proper, by public Auction, to the highest Bidder for such Letting, from Year to Year, or for any Term of Years, not exceeding Fourteen Years from the Commencement of such Letting; so that the Rent or Rents for the same, to be reserved upon every Lease of or Agreement for taking the Premises, or any Part thereof, shall be thereby reserved to be paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer by Four equal quarterly Payments in every Year; and so that there be also reserved and made payable to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, the best and most improved Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had or gotten for the same, without taking any Fine, Premium, Sum of Money, or Foregift, or any thing in the Nature of a Fine, Premium, or Foregift, or other Consideration for such Letting; and so that the Tenant or Lessee be not made dispunishable for Waste, and so that there be inserted in every such Agreement or Lease a Power of Re-entry on Nonpayment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved within a reasonable Time to be therein limited after the same shall become due; and so as such Agreement or Lease shall contain all proper Penalties, Provisions, Covenants, Regulations, and Restrictions for securing the due Payment of the said Rent, and for the Occupation, Cultivation, and Management of the Premises therein comprized, and in all other respects whatsoever, according to the best and most improved System of Husbandry practised in the Neighbourhood thereof; and so that a Counterpart or Duplicate of each such Agreement or Lease be duly executed by the Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees, with or to whom such Agreement or Lease shall be made as aforesaid; and every such Agreement or Lease shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any thing in this Act, or in any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Private.] 3 (\

197

Limitation as to the Number of Cattle to be turned in the Ley.

Persons leaving Nantwich and returning, to reside Two Years before entitled to Leys.

Trustees may lease Part of the Heath.

XXIV. Pro.

198

Trustees restrained from being admitted as Tenants of the Land to be inclosed.

Allotment to be set out for Materials.

Ley Lands to be manured, and Trustees allowed to expend 50/. a Year for that Purpose.

Prescribing Times of opening and of closing Leys.

Penalty on Persons claiming Right of Leys not being entitled.

4° GEORGII IV. 12.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, lhat none of the said Trustees, or any Officer or other Person acting under the Authority of this Act, shall directly or indirectly become or be admitted as Tenants of any Land on the said Heath, save and except Persons having Garden Land attached to their Cottages, and which Garden Land shall not exceed Eight Roods of Eight Yards Square to each Rood of Land to each Cottage.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall set out and allot so much of the said Common or Waste Land as they shall think proper, for procuring Gravel, Sand, or other Materials to be used for the Repair of the Roads on such Common, or for the Repair of any other Road within any Part of the Township of Nantwich, and also for getting Sand for any agricultural or other Purpose on such Heath, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, by and out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, yearly to lay out and expend any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds in the Purchase of Dung, Compost, and Manure, or other Matter or Materials for the Improvement of the said Ley Lands, and may cause the same to be laid and spread upon such Part or Parts of the Land only as they may think proper and direct.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Time of opening the said Leys shall be from the Twelfth to the Twentieth of May fat the Discretion of the Trustees), for Horned Cattle, Horses, and Colts, and the Time of concluding such Leys shall be from the Twelfth to the Twentieth Day of October; and for Sheep, from the Twelfth or Twentieth Day of May to the Fourth of December; but it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons taking the Benefit of such Leys as aforesaid, to remove any of the Cattle by him, her, or them turned upon the said Common or Waste Land, and to turn upon the same (on giving Notice to the Heath Keepers for the Time being of his, her, or their Intention so to do), a Number of such Cattle as may be so removed, at any Time or Times during the Season.

XXVIII. And whereas gross and innumerable Frauds have been committed by Persons fraudulently turning Cattle on the Leys, in the Names of Persons entitled to Leys upon the said Heath; for future Prevention whereof, be it further enacted, That all Parties being entitled to and claiming the Benefit of Leys shall, at the Time of their entering or causing to be entered in the Ley Book to be kept by the said Heath Keepers (and which Book the said Heath Keepers are hereby directed to provide) any Cattle or other Stock as belonging to him, her, or them, shall sign a Declaration that the Stock or Stocks so turned on by him, her, or them, is or are his, her, or their Property; and in case any Person shall turn any Cattle or other Stock, as belonging to him, her, or them, on the said Ley, not being his, her, or their Property, every Person so offending shall for the First Offence be totally deprived of and from any Benefit arising from the said Leys, Common or Waste Lands, or from the Proceeds arising therefrom, in any respect whatsoever, for and during the Term of Three Years; and for the Second Offence such Person shall be

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lt

be wholly excluded from any Benefit whatsoever arising from the said Leys, Common or Waste Lands; and it any Person not entitled to the Benefit of the said Leys, Common or Waste Lands, shall fraudulently tarn any Cattle or other Stock, as the Property of him, her, or them, as qualified Persons, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit such Cattle to the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized to sell the same by Public Auction; and the Proceeds arising from such Sale, after defraying the Expences thereof, shall be apportioned by the said Trustees in manner following, that is to say, One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the general Funds arising from the said Waste Lands to be applied to the general Purposes of this Act; and in case any Person, whose Privilege as a Householder or Householders shall be accruing due, shall fraudulently turn any Cattle or other Stock on the said Leys in the Name of any qualified Person, such Cattle or other Stock so turned on shall be forfeited to the Trustees, and disposed of in the Manner aforesaid; and such Person shall for the First Offence be deprived of any Benefit of the said Waste Lands for the Term of Three Years, which shall be computed from the Period at which his Privilege would have commenced; and for the Second Offence the Cattle shall be forfeited in like manner, and the Person or Persons so turning on shall be excluded any Benefit whatsoever arising from the said Waste Lands; and it any Person being so entitled shall turn on Cattle in the Name of any other qualified Person such Person shall forfeit his or her Cattle to the said Trustees, who shall dispose of the same in the Manner herein-before directed; and such Person shall also for the First Offence be totally deprived of any Benefit or Advantage arising from the said Waste Lands for the said Term of Three Years; and for the Second Offence the Cattle shall be forfeited, and the Proceeds disposed of in manner aforesaid, and the Person so turning on such Cattle shall be excluded from all Benefit and Advantage whatsoever arising from the said Waste Lands.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized and required to hold a Meeting, within Three Days after the first turning Cattle on the said Heath, and at any Time subsequently, as they may think proper, for the Purpose of examining the List of Names and Stock turned on, in order that if Suspicion attach to any Person or Persons, the said Trustees may summon such Parties to appear before them at their next Meeting, giving them Seven Days Notice thereof, for the Purpose of examining such Parties so suspected of having illegally turned Cattle on the Heath, on Oath or Affirmation as to the Truth of the before-mentioned Declaration, which Oath or Affirmation the said Trustees, or any of them, are or is hereby authorized to administer; and any Person having received Notice as aforesaid, and refusing to attend such Meeting, without assigning a satisfactory Cause to the Trustees for their Non-attendance, or attending and refusing to be sworn or to give Evidence, shall to all Intents and Purposes be considered guilty of the said Offence, and shall be subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures herein-before mentioned: Provided always, that every Person shall be competent to give Evidence for any Offences committed against this Act, notwithstanding he or she may be an Inhabitant Householder or Inhabitant Householders of the said Township of Nantwich, and entitled to Leys under or by virtue of this Act.

Trustees to ascertain the Legality of Claims to Leys.

200

Trustees may appropriate Part of Heath to making Bricks for Inhabitants.

Bricks to be made by Trustees for such Buildings only as shall be necessary for Act.

Potatoes may be planted.

Trees to be planted.

Application of Surplus Monies.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 12.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall judge it expedient so to do, to appropriate Part of the said Common or Waste Land for the Purpose of making Bricks, or carrying away Sand or Gravel; and every Person making Bricks or carrying away Sand and Gravel, by Permission of such Trustees, shall pay to the said Trustees for such Privilege such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be determined on by the said Trustees, and agreed to by such Person, and such Sum and Sums of Money shall be applied to the general Fund raised for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall have full Liberty and Power to make Bricks or Tiles on the said Heath, to be used for the Purpose only of erecting, forming, and keeping in repair such Buildings as the said Trustees, under the Provisions of this Act, are empowered to erect, or are now erected, and any Culverts, Bridges, and Drains, or for other agricultural Purposes, as from Time to Time may be requisite on the said Heath, or any Part thereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause a certain Part of the said Common or Waste Land to be appropriated yearly to the Growth of Potatoes, for the Benefit of such of the said Householders as shall require the same, and to such as the said Trustees shall in their Discretion think proper to grant the same; and the Quantity of Land to be allowed yearly to each Householder for such Purpose shall be determined by the said Trustees; and the Person or Persons who shall take the Benefit of such Appropriation, shall pay to the said Trustees such Sum, not exceeding Three-pence per Rood, reckoning Eight Yards Square to the Rood, as the said Trustees shall determine.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause such Number of Trees to be planted annually in the Hedge Rows of the Fields or Closes into which the said Common or Waste Land shall be divided, and also upon or near to the Banks of any River or Rivulet, and for the Purpose of affording Shade for Cattle in such other Part or Parts thereof as they shall think fit, and to cause such Trees when of sufficient Growth (provided the same be not wanted for Shade for Cattle) to be cut down and sold; and the Money arising by the Sale thereof shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That any Surplus of Monies which shall from Time to Time come into the Hands of the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, shall immediately thereupon be placed into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid (in the Name of the said Trustees), who shall allow the usual Bank Interest for the same; and the Treasurer or Treasurers in whose Hands the said Money shall be so placed, shall give Security and Satisfaction to the said Trustees for all such Monies as shall be placed in his or their Hands; and such Treasurer or Treasurers shall not pay or apply any Part of such Money for any Purpose whatsoever, without an Order from the Trustees for that Purpose; and when and so often as the Surplus of the Income arising by virtue of this Act shall amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and not before, (after Payment of all Expences, Debts, and Salaries already incurred, and which the said Trustees may incur by carrying this Act into Execution,

201

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.n.

tion, and otherwise,) the same shall with all convenient Dispatch be distributed by the said Trustees amongst such Inhabitant Householders of Nantwich, as under or by virtue of this Act shall be entitled to the Benefit of Leys, in equal Shares, Share and Share alike.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be defrayed by the said Trustees, in preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever, by and out of any Monies already in the Hands of the said Trustees, or by and out of the first Monies which shall come to their Hands by virtue of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That a General Meeting of the said Trustees shall be holden annually in the Month of June, for the Purpose of examining the Accounts of the Treasurer and all other Officers and Persons employed in the Execution of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to allow and pass such Accounts as may appear to them correct; and such Trustees shall cause Copies of such Accounts so allowed to be distributed amongst the Inhabitants of Nantwich entitled to Leys, within One Month after the passing of such Accounts.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the ancient inclosed Lands in the Township of Alvaston shall be totally exempted from all Statute Duty and Composition, but the Beast Gates within the same (which Beast Gates shall be confined to such Part or Parts of the said Heath as shall from Time to Time be in Pasture, but not upon any other Part or Parts thereof, and subject in every respect to the same Restriction in Pasturage as the Cattle turned on by Persons entitled to Leys on the Heath) shall pay their Proportion annually to all Assessments; and the said Trustees shall have full Power to purchase or rent all or any of the Beast Gates from the Proprietors thereof, if they shall be willing to sell or let the same, if the said Trustees shall think proper so to do.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Common or Waste Land shall not be charged with any Assessment whatsoever, affecting the ancient inclosed Lands or any other real Property lying within the Township of Alvaston, previously to the passing of this Act; and every Person who shall or may after the passing of this Act gain a Settlement on the said Heath, shall be relieved solely from the Proceeds of the said Heath, and from the Proceeds of any Rate or Assessment which may be made affecting the said Beast Gates.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hereafter erect, set up, or build any Cottage, Hut, or other Building on any Part of the said Heath (whether the Party or Parties so erecting or causing the same to be erected shall be in the Occupation thereof or not,) without Permission of the said Trustees, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, by their Directions, forthwith to pull down or cause the same to be pulled down, without any other Authority than this Act.

3 e

For paying Expences of Act.

Auditing

Accounts.

Exempting Alvaston from Statute Duty.

Heath not to be charged to Poor or other Rates.

Encroachments may be removed.

fPrivate.]

202

Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

Convictions to be drawn up.

Form of Conviction.

4° GEORGII IV. 12.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by the said recited Acts or this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying, recovering, and applying whereof is not herein otherwise directed), shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County Palatine of Chester, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is in every such Case hereby fully authorized to administer), be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant); and the Overplus, if any, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, for his or their Appearance before such Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant, it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where the Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by the said recited Acts, shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act.

XLI. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against the said recited Acts or this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against the said recited Acts or this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up (as the Case shall happen) in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect:

c County Palatine of 1 RE it remembered, That on the ‘ Chester, to wit. { Day of in the Year of our Lord

‘ A.B. is convicted before of His

‘ Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester,

5 ‘ on

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 12. 203

‘ on his [or her] own Confession, [or on the Oath of 6 a credible Witness, or on the Oaths ot and

6 Two credible Witnesses, as the Case may be~\ of [here

specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed,

4 as the Case may require, and the Adjudication and Penalty]. Given

6 under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals], the Day and Year 6 first aforesaid/

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall advance or Money bor-lend any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of applying for and obtaining this Act, such Person shall be repaid the same out of iXles the first Monies which shall be raised and collected by virtue of this Act, with lawful Interest for the same from the Time of advancing such Money.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing here- Saving in contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest to

of the Rector of the Parish Church of Nantwich aforesaid, or his Sue- 1 es‘ cessors, to or in the Tithes of the Lands hereby authorized to be inclosed, or any of them, or any Part thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Allowing shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done Appeal, in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case, he, she, or they may appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Chester, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal and of the Matter thereof, in Writing to the said Trustees; and the Justices at their General or Quarter Sessions (not being interested in the Matter in question) are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the same, and to make such Order therein, and award such Damages and Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy such Damages and Costs by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties directed to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by any Writ,

Process, or Proceeding whatsoever.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action or Suit Trustees may shall be commenced by Order of the said Trustees, against any Person sue in the or Persons on any Account whatever, by virtue of this Act, or whenever Name of their any Distress shall be made or taken by Order of the said Trustees for °r

Recovery of any of the Rents payable to the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, or whenever any Prosecution, Information, or other Proceeding shall be directed by the said Trustees for any Offence concerning the said Trust Property, every such Action, Suit, Distress, Prosecution, Information, or any other Proceeding, may, if it shall be so thought expedient, be commenced, made, or taken in the Name of any One of the Trustees for the Time being, or in the Name of the Person who shall then be acting in the Office either of Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, on Behalf of the said Trustees; and in all Indictments and Informations

204 4° GEORGII IV.

mations for the feloniously taking, stealing, or embezzling any Money, Goods, Chattels, or Property of or belonging to the said Trustees, such Money, Goods, Chattels, or Property may be laid and stated to be the Property of any One of the said Trustees or of such Officer, and that the same was feloniously taken, stolen, or embezzled from such Trustee or Officer; and no Action, Suit, Distress, Prosecution, Indictment, Information, or other Proceeding, shall abate or be determined by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be commenced, made, or taken, nor by the voluntary ct Aof such Person, without the Consent of the said Trustees expressed at a Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

General XLVI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His

Saving. Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest (other than such as are intended to be barred and destroyed by virtue of this Act) as he, she, they, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed of, in, to, from, or out of the aforesaid Heath or Common hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in case this Act had not been passed.

Evidence

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed

Clause. by the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

Cap.Yd.

An Act to enable the Reverend Richard Buck Clerk and Margaret his Wife, and the Survivor of them, to grant Leases of a Moiety of the Coal Mines within the Estates devised by the Will of John Hull deceased, in the County of Lancaster.

[17th June 1823.]

WHEREAS John Hull, late of Chorley in the County of Lancaster, will of John Surgeon, deceased, duly made and published his last Will and Hull, Sur-Testament in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Twelfth geon, dated Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and j 3 May thirteen, executed and attested so as to pass Real Estates, and thereby (after giving certain Lands therein mentioned to Thomas Hull of Beverley in the County of York, Doctor of Physic, his Heirs and Assigns) gave and devised unto his Mother Margaret Hull (since deceased) and her Assigns, for and during her natural Life, One Annuity or clear yearly Rent-charge of One hundred Pounds of lawful English Money, to be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon his (the said Testator’s)

Messuage and Tenement, Lands and Hereditaments, called The Agecroft Hall Estate, situate in Pendlebury in the said County of Lancaster, in the Occupation of James Westbrooke and Robert Howard, their Assigns or Undertenants, by Four equal Quarterly Payments, on the Days or Times therein mentioned, and with the usual Powers of Distress and Entry for enforcing the due Payment thereof; and subject and charged and charge-[Private.~] */ able

206

Death of John Hull, 15 th Nov. 1813.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 13.

able as aforesaid, he (the said Testator) thereby gave and devised his said Messuage and Tenement, Lands and Hereditaments, called The Age croft Hall Estate, and all and every other his Messuages and Tenements, Lands, Rents, and Hereditaments, and Real Estates, situate, lying, and being in Pendlebury, Pendleton, and Prestwick in the said County of Lancaster, or elsewhere, in manner following; (that is to say), as to One Moiety or equal Half Part of the same Messuages and Tenements, Lands, Hereditaments, and Real Estates, to the Use of, and he thereby gave and devised the same to his Sister Elizabeth Hull, her Heirs and Assigns, absolutely for ever; and as to the other undivided Moiety or equal Half Part of the same Messuages and Tenements, Lands, Hereditaments, and Real Estates, he thereby gave and devised the same unto John Hull of Manchester in the said County of Lancaster, Doctor of Physic, and William Hull his Son, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Uses and for the Intents and Purposes therein-after limited, expressed, and contained, and herein-after mentioned of and concerning the same; (that is to say), to the Use and Behoof of the Reverend Richard Buck of Fletton in the County of Huntingdon, and his (the said Testator’s) Sister Margaret his Wife, and the Survivor of them, during their natural Lives and the Life of the Survivor of them, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after the Decease of the Survivor of them, to the Use and Behoof of all and every or such one or more of the Child or Children of the Testator’s said Sister Margaret, then born or thereafter to be born, for such Estate and Estates, and in such Parts, Shares, and Proportions, Manner and Form, as she his said Sister Margaret, notwithstanding her Coverture, by her last Will and Testament in Writing, or any Writing purporting to be or in the Nature of a Will to be by her signed and published in the Presence of and attested by Three or more credible Witnesses, should direct or appoint, give or devise the same; and in default of such Direction or Appointment, Gift or Devise, then to and for the sole and only proper Use and Behoof of all and every the Child and Children of his said Sister Margaret, then born or thereafter to be born, and his, her, and their respective Heirs and Assigns for ever, as Tenants in Common and not Joint Tenants; provided always, that the said Testator did thereby declare his Will and Mind to be, that in case ail and every the Child and Children of his said Sister Margaret, then born or thereafter to be born, should depart this Life under the Age of Twenty-one Years, without leaving lawful Issue of his, her, or their Body or respective Bodies living at the Time of his, her, or their Decease or respective Deceases, or born in due Time after, then and in such Case it should and might be lawful to and for his said Sister Margaret, notwithstanding her Coverture, by her last Will and Testament in Writing, or any Writing purporting to be or in the Nature of a Will to be by her signed and published in the Presence of and attested by Three or more Witnesses, to direct or appoint, give and devise the said last-mentioned. Moiety of the said Messuages and Tenements, Lands, Rents, Hereditaments and Real Estates, to such Person and Persons, and for such Estate and Estates, and in such Manner and Form as she his said Sister Margaret should think proper : And whereas the said Testator John Hull departed this Life on or about the Fifteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, without having in any Manner revoked or altered his said Will, leaving the said Elizabeth Hull and Margaret

9 Buck

4° GEORGII IV. 13. 207

Buck his Sisters, and the said Thomas Hull his elder Brother and Heir at Law, him surviving; and the said Will of the said John Hull deceased was, on or about the Third Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, duly proved in the Court of the Bishop of Chester by the the said Richard Buck and John Fletcher Gentleman, and also by the said Margaret Buck and Elizabeth Hull, the Executors and Executrixes therein named: And whereas the said Margaret Hull (the Mother of the said Death of Testator) departed this Life on or about the Eighth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one: And Mother of the whereas the said Elizabeth Hull is now in the actual Possession of One Testator, undivided Moiety or Half Part of the several Messuages and Tenements, 8th Mayl82L Lands, Hereditaments, and Real Estates devised by the said Will, as Tenant thereof in Fee-simple; and the said Richard Buck and Margaret his Wife are now in the actual Possession of the other undivided Moiety or Half Part of the same Messuages and Tenements, Lands, Hereditaments, and Real Estates, as Tenants for Life thereof, under or by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said in part recited Will of the said John Hull deceased, with such Remainders over to or in favour of the Children of the said Margaret Buck, and with such general Power of Appointment to the said Margaret Buck, as in the said Will and herein-before are mentioned; and the said Thomas Hull, as the elder Brother and Heir at Law of the said John Hull the Testator, is entitled to the ultimate Reversion in Fee of and in the said last-mentioned Moiety or Half Part of the said Messuages and Tenements, Lands, Hereditaments, and Real Estates, the same being undisposed of by the said Will, (subject as last aforesaid) :

And whereas the said Margaret Buck intermarried with the said Richard Buck on or about the Second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and four, and hath Issue by the said Richard Buck her Husband Four Children, who are all Infants, (namely) Robert Buck of the Age of Seventeen Years or thereabouts, Catherine Dauntesey Buck, of the Age Fifteen Years or thereabouts, Margaret Buck, of the Age of Twelve Years or thereabouts, and John Buck, of the Age of Ten Years or thereabouts : And whereas there are within or under certain Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments devised by the said recited Will, divers Mines, Veins, and Seams of Coal and other Minerals, and it would be very materially for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Richard Buck and Margaret his Wife, and the Children or Issue of the said Margaret, if sufficient Powers and Authorities were given to them the said Richard Buck and Margaret his Wife, during their Joint Lives, and to the Survivor of them during his or her Life, to grant Leases of their said undivided Moiety or Half Part, or to join and concur in granting Leases of the Entirety of the said Mines, Veins, or Seams of Coal and other Minerals, with full Powers to open, get, and work the same for a long Term or Terms of Years sufficient for the Purpose; but inasmuch as there is no Power or Authority given by the said recited Will to grant any such Leases, the same cannot be made effectual or binding without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, by reason of the Limitations contained in the said Will:

Wherefore Your Majesty's loyal and dutiful Subjects, the said Richard Buck and Margaret his Wife, on behalf of themselves and of the said Robert Buck, Catherine Dauntesey Buck, Margaret Buck, and John Buck, their Infant Children, and also the said 1 homas Hull, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King’s

208

Power to grant Leases of a Moiety of the said Mines.

4' GEORGII IV. Cap. 13,

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Richard Buck and Margaret his Wife, during their Joint Lives (notwithstanding the Coverture of the said Margaret), and after the Decease of either of them, then to and for the Survivor^or longest Liver of them the said Richard Buck and Margaret his Wife, during his or her Life, by Indenture or Indentures under their, his, or her Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal, from Time to Time to grant, demise, and lease their said undivided Moiety or Half Part, or to join and concur with the said Elizabeth Hull, her Heirs or Assigns, in granting, demising, or leasing the Entirety of all and every or any of the Mines, Delfs, Quarries, Beds, Veins and Seams of Coal, Cannel, and other Minerals, and the Ores thereof respectively, lying or being in, within, or under the several Lands and Hereditaments mentioned and set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed, (being Part of the Estates devised by the above recited Will of the said John Hull deceased), and also of any Part or Parts of the same Lands and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, which it shall be thought expedient to demise and lease with such Mines, Delfs, Quarries, Beds, Veins and Seams, for ti e better and mote effectually working the same, and as a Farm or Farms thereto, unto any Person or Persons, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Sixty-one Years, to take effect in Possession or within Three Years from the Date of each Lease respectively, together wit!) full and free Liberty, Licence, Power and Authority to dig, search for, take, get, use and dispose of all such Coals, Cannel, and other Minerals whatsoever, and the Ores thereof respectively, as shall be found in or upon or in winning or working the same Mines, Delfs, Quarries, Beds, Veins and Seams; and to dig, sink, win, work and make Groves, Shafts, Tunnels, Drifts, Trenches, Sluices, Waygates, Watergates and Watercourses; and to erect any Furnace or Furnaces, Fire Engines, Steam Engines, or other Erections or Contrivances for finding, discovering, winning, working, procuring and conveying Coal, Cannel, and other Minerals, or the Ores thereof respectively, out of and from the said Mines, Quarries, Delfs, Veins, Beds, and Steams; and for bringing and carrying Water for working the Machinery of the said Mines, Quarries, Delfs, Veins, Beds, and Seams; and also for avoiding and carrying away Water, Foul Air, and Stench from and out of the same Mines, Quarries, Delfs, Veins, Beds, and Seams respectively j and also full and free Liberty, Licence, Power, and Authority to take and use sufficient Ground Room, Heap Room, and Pit Room for laying and placing the Coals, Earth, and Rubbish that shall from Time to Time proceed from or be wrought, dug, or gotten out of the said Mines, Quarries, Delfs, Veins, Beds, or Seams respectively; and also full and free Liberty, Licence, Power, and Authority to erect, build, and set up, and hold, occupy ana enjoy, in any convenient Place or Places on any Part of the said Lands and Hereditaments comprized in the said Schedule, and near any of the said Mines, Quarries, Delfs, Veins, Beds, and Seams so to be demised and leased, all such Houses, Cottages, Hovels, Lodges, Store Rooms, Heap Rooms, Sheds, or other Buildings, Steam and other Engines and Machinery, with such Yards, Gardens, and Curtilages, Store Yards or Places as shall from lime to Time be needful or convenient for the more

convenient

209

4° GEORGII

convenient Enjoyment of and working the said Mines, Quarries, Delfs,

Veins, Beds, and Seams, or for the Habitation or Convenience of Workmen, or for storing, standing, laying, or placing of Minerals or Produce to be respectively employed or used or gotten in or about the same Mines, Quarries, Delfs, Veins, Beds, and Seams respectively; and to dig and get Stones, Peat, Clay, and Spar for erecting, building, and repairing such Houses or other Buildings; and all other Privileges which shall be necessary or requisite in or about or for the winning, working, obtaining, getting, and rendering merchantable or marketable-like Coals, Cannel, and other Minerals, and the Ores thereof respectively, which are or shall be found in the said Mines, Quarries,

Delfs, Veins, Beds, and Seams respectively, or in or upon any of the said Lands or Grounds, and with such Way-leaves, Roads, Store Yards, and other like Easements and Privileges as will render the Occupation of the said Mines, Quarries, Delfs, Veins, Beds, and Seams, and the Deposit,

Sale, and Carriage of the said Coals, Cannel, Minerals, and Mineral Produce convenient for manufacturing, working, using, storing, laying up, taking and carrying away the same, so as upon each such Lease there be reserved and made payable yearly or oftener, during the Continuance of the same Lease, the best or most improved yearly Sum or Sums of Money, or Rent or Rents in Money, that can be reasonably had or gotten for the same, without taking any Fine or Foregift in respect of the making thereof; and so as in each such Lease there be contained a Clause of Re-entry in case the Rent or Rents thereupon to be reserved should be behind and unpaid by the Space of Thirty Days after the Times to be appointed for Payment thereof, or in case the Mines, Quarries, Minerals, and Mineral Property to be so demised shall not be worked so as to be rendered productive of Income to a given Extent, to be specified in each Indenture of Lease, and so as the Lease of all Lands or Grounds to be leased with any Mine or Mineral Property shall cease with the Lease in the same Mines or Mineral Property, and so as the Lessee or Lessees to whom each such Lease shall be made as aforesaid, shall at the same Time, or within One Year after the Date of the same Lease, seal and deliver a Counterpart or Duplicate of the Indenture of such Lease.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Rent or Rents which from Time The Rent to Time shall be reserved to the said Richard Buck and Margaret his during the* Wife, or the Survivor of them, or the Persons claiming in Remainder Lires of Mr. under the said recited Will, or any Appointment to be made in pursuance and Mrs-thereof, for or in respect of their said Moiety or Half Part of the said Survivor^of16 Mines and Hereditaments, by virtue of any Lease or Leases of the same them, to be

Mines, Veins, and Seams of Coal, and other Hereditaments, or any Part Paid into the

thereof, shall from Time to Time during the joint Lives of the said ankof

Richard Buck and Margaret his Wife, and during the Life of the Sur-

vivor of them, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be there placed to an Account "Ex parte Buck's Mine Account," pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-four; and the Receipt or Receipts of any Cashier of the Bank of England for the said Rents, and the Certificate or Certificates of the said Accountant General annexed [Private.] 3 gto

210 4° GEORGII IV. CaPA3:

to the same, and filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, shall be a good and effectual Discharge or good and effectual Discharges to the Person or Persons paying the same, for the Money therein respectively mentioned and acknowledged to be received; and after the filing of such Certificates and Receipts as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall not be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication, or be liable or bound to see to the Application of such Money or After the any Part thereof: Provided always, that after the Decease of the Survivor

Decease of of them the said Richard Buck and Margaret his Wife, such Rent or

t^urv^l°r Rents as aforesaid shall be paid and payable to the Person or Persons Mrs. Buck, who shall be then entitled to the Freehold and Inheritance of the said the Rents to Moiety or Half Part hereby authorized to be demised of and in the said be paid to Mines and Hereditaments by virtue of or under the said Will of the said

the Persons jQjm deceased, or any Appointment to be made in pursuance thereof, tlicn entitled p • « • »t i pA

inRemainder. for his, her, or their own Use and Benefit.

Power to the

III. And be it further enacted, That upon a Petition to be preferred Court of to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way by the said Richard order One10 anc^ Margaret his Wife, or by the Survivor of them, and after both

Seventh of the their Deceases, then by the Person or Persons who shall be then entitled Monies to be to the said Moiety or Half Part of the said Mines and other Hereditaments paid to Mr. by virtue of or under the said Will of the said John Hull deceased, or Buck^or the any Appointment to be made in pursuance thereof, if such Person or Survivor of Persons shall be of full Age, but if such Person or Persons shall be under them, or the Age then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians during his, her, or Persons inRe- their Minority or respective Minorities, it shall and may be lawful to and the ReTidue^ for sa*^ C°urt of Chancery to order One Seventh Part of the Monies to be invested which, pursuant to the Directions herein-before contained, shall be paid in the Pur- into the Bank of England as aforesaid, to be from Time to Time paid chaseofother anc[ payable to the said Richard Buck and Margaret his Wife, or the settled tot he Survivor of them, or the Persons so claiming in Remainder under the 6ame Uses, said recited Will, or any Appointment to be made in pursuance thereof as aforesaid, for their, his, or her own absolute Use and Benefit, and the Residue thereof, or so much thereof as shall not be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be applied in Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expences, according to the Provisions herein contained, or as shall not be ordered to be paid in pursuance of the Proviso next herein-after contained, shall be laid out in such Manner as the Court of Chancery shall direct, in the Purchase or Purchases of any Freehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in England, free from all Incumbrances (except Quit Rents, Land Tax, and other trifling Outgoings); and the same shall immediately after the Purchase thereof be settled and assured to and for such and the same Uses, Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such and the same Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations as the said undivided Moiety or Half Part of the said Mines and other Hereditaments so to be demised or leased shall then stand limited, settled, or assured by virtue of or under the said Will of the said John Hull deceased, or any Appointment to be made in pursuance thereof, or as near and conformable thereto as may be, and Circumstances will permit or allow of.

After the

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the

SuTv?vo°rofC I?ecea?e °/ the Survivor of them the said Richard Buck and Margaret Mr. and Mrs. h'ls Wife, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chan-

? 4 eery,

4° GEORGII IV. CapAS.

eery, upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, to order the said Residue of the Monies which pursuant to the Directions herein-before contained shall be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall not be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be applied in the Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expences according to the Provisions herein contained, to be paid and payable to the Person or Persons who shall be then entitled to the Freehold and Inheritance of the said Moiety or Half Part hereby authorized to be demised of and in the said Mines and Hereditaments, by virtue of or under the said Will of the said John Hull deceased, or any Appointment to be made in pursuance thereof, for his, her, or their own Use and Benefit.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which pursuant to the Direction herein-before contained shall be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall not be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be from Time to Time paid to the said Richard Buck and Margaret his Wife, or the Survivor of them, or the Persons so claiming in Remainder under the said recited Will, or any Appointment to be made in pursuance thereof as aforesaid, or to be applied in Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expences according to the Provisions herein contained, shall in the meantime, and until the same Monies shall be invested in the Purchase of Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be from Time to Time laid out by the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery in the Purchase of Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and the Monies received for the same as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, shall from Time to Time be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills; provided that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to make such General Order or Orders, or Special Order or Orders if necessary, that whenever the Exchequer Bills of the Date of those in the Hands of the Accountant General shall be in the Course of Payment by Government, and new Exchequer Bills shall be issued, such new Exchequer Bills may be received in Exchange for those which are so in the Course of Payment as shall be effectual for enabling such Receipt in Exchange, and that in that Event the Interest of the old Bills shall be laid out as before directed with respect to the Interest where the Bills are paid off; all which Navy, Victualling, and Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank of England in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until the same shall, upon Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way as aforesaid, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for completing any such Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid; and if the Money arising by the Sale of such Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in that Case only the Surplus which shall remain after discharging the Expences of the Application to the Court, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased, in case the same had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representative or Representatives of such Person or Persons respectively.

211

Buck, the Court of Chancery may order the Monies to be paid to the Persons then entitled in Remainder.

The Money unapplied by the Court of Chancer)', to be laid out in Navy Bills, &c. until invested in the Purchase of other Estates.

212

The Court of

Chancery

empowered to make the

requisite

Orders.

Costs of the Act, and other Expences how to be paid.

Saving His Majesty's Rights, and other Persons.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 13.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon Petition to be preferred in a summary Way as aforesaid, from Time to Time to make such Orders as the said Court shall think expedient, just, or reasonable, for allowing, taxing, and settling all Costs, Charges, and Expences which have been or shall be incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, and making the several Applications to the Court in pursuance hereof, and in making or completing the Demise or Demises of the Mines and Hereditaments hereby made demisable, and in surveying and measuring the said Mines and Hereditaments, and ascertaining from Time to Time the Quantities and Amounts of Coals, Cannel, and other Minerals, to be dug or gotten by virtue of such Demise or Demises, and in paying into the Bank of England as aforesaid such Rent or Rents as is or are herein-before directed to be so paid, and in investing all or any Monies which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Purchase of Estates, according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise in carrying the Trusts and Purposes of this Act into Execution, and also from Time to Time to make such Orders as the said Court shall think expedient for Payment of all such Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, out of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank, or out of the Monies arising by Sale of the Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills so to be purchased as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon a Petition to be presented in a summary Way as aforesaid, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences preparatory to and attending the applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, and incidental thereto, together with Interest on such Monies as may have been or shall be advanced or subscribed by any Person or Persons for or towards raising and providing the same Costs, Charges, and Expences, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending or relating to the Demise or Demises hereby authorized, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of surveying and measuring the said Mines and Hereditaments, and of ascertaining from Time to Time the Quantities and Amounts of Coals, Cannel, and other Minerals to be dug or gotten by virtue of such Demise or Demises, or of or relating to the several Applications to be made to the said Court respecting the Matters aforesaid, and the Costs incurred in taking the said Monies out of the Bank, and investing the same in such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and in investigating the Title of the same, or otherwise in carrying any of the Trusts and Purposes of this Act into Execution, shall be paid and satisfied out of the Monies which shall be so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Monies arising by Sale of the Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills so to be purchased as aforesaid, such Costs, Charges, and Expences being first taxed and ascertained by one of the Masters of the said Court, in pursuance of an Order or Orders which the said Court is hereby authorized to make.

VIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs and Successors, Executors and Administrators, (other than and except the said Richard Buck and Margaret his Wife, and the Survivor of them, and all the Children of the said Margaret now born and hereafter to be born, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, and the Heirs, Appointees, or Assigns of the said

Margaret

4° GEORGII IV. 13.

213

Margaret Buck, and all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever having or lawfully or equitably claiming, or who shall or may hereafter have or lawfully or equitably claim any Estate, Right, Title, Interest,

Claim, or Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said undivided Moiety or Half Part herein-before mentioned, of and in the several Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises comprized in the Schedule to this Act, or any of them, or any Part thereof, by virtue of or under the said recited Will of the said John Hull deceased, and his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and also except the said Thomas Hull and his Heirs, and the Heirs at Law of the said John Hull deceased, for the Time being), all such Estate, Right, Title, or Interest of, in, to, or out of the said undivided Moiety or Half Part of the said Mines, Quarries,

Veins, Beds, and Seams of Coal and other Minerals, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Evidence several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to Clause, print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges,

Justices, and others.

s h

The

4° GEORGII IV. Cap A3.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the aforegoing Act.

A Messuage and Tenement called Agecroft Hall, in Pendle-bury, in the Occupation of the above named Richard Buck, containing after the Measure of Eight Yards to the Perch -

A Messuage and Tenement in Pendlebury, in the Occupation of William Catterall and John Catterall, containing after the like Measure -

A Messuage and Tenement in Pendlebury and Prestwich, in the Occupation of James Westbrooke, containing after the like Measure -

A Messuage and Tenement in Pendlebury, in the Occupation of Joseph Blair and Company, containing after the like Measure

A Messuage and Tenement in Pendlebury, in the Occupation of James Cotterall, containing after the like Measure Lands in Pendlebury, in the Occupation of William Hankin-son, containing after the like Measure A Messuage and Tenement in Pendlebury and Pendleton, in the Occupation of William Thomason, containing after the like Measure -

Two Cottages and Gardens in Pendlebury, in the Occupation of George Garner and William Caldwell.

A. R. P.

io o 8

45 i 9

51 ° o

7 o o

16 I 22

7 O O

39 O O

Robt. Bickerstaff.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823,

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 14.

An Act for exchanging an Estate in the County of Wilts, whereof John Biddulph Esquire and Augusta his Wife, and Philip Jones Esquire and Sarah his Wife, have joint Power of Disposition, for Estates in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, settled by the Will of Sarah Richards, in Trust for the same Parties and their Children.

[17th June 1823.]

WHEREAS Sarah otherwise Sally Richards, late of the City of Bath, in and by her last Will and Testament in Writing, duly executed and attested as by Law is required for passing Real Estates, bearing Date the First Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eleven, did, amongst other things, give and devise all her Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, situate, lying, and being in the several Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Wilts, or elsewhere, the Copyhold Part whereof she had surrendered to the Use of her Will, unto John Biddulph of Champion Hill in the County of Surry, Esquire, and Philip Jones of Sugwas near Hereford in the County of Hereford, Esquire, and David Gordon the elder, of Denmark Hill in the said County of Surryf Gentleman, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, according to the Nature of the several Estates, to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes therein-after expressed concerning the same, (that is to say) as, to, for, and concerning One Moiety or Half Part of all her said Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold - [Private.'] 3 { ' Estates,

Will of Sarah otherwise Sally Richards,

1 st March 1811.

218

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.U.

Estates, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the Use of the said John Biddulph, Philip Jones, and David Gordon the elder, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, according to the Nature of the several Estates, during the natural Life of Augusta Biddulph, Wife of the said John Biddulph, upon Trust that they the said John Biddulph, Philip Jones, and David Gordon the elder, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of such Survivor, did and should, during the natural Life of the said Augusta Biddulph, pay and apply the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Moiety or Half Part of the said Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the said Augusta Biddulph, or to whom she should appoint, to and for her own Use and Benefit; and from and immediately after the Decease of the said Augusta Biddulph, then as to the said Moiety or Half Part of the said Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the Use of all and every the Child and Children of the said Augusta Biddulph by her Husband the said John Biddulph, to be equally divided between or among them if more than one, Share and Share alike, as Tenants in common, and of the several and respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of the Body and Bodies of all and every such Child or Children lawfully issuing, and to, for, and upon no other Use, Trust, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and as to, for, and concerning the other Moiety or Half Part of all her said Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the Use of the said John Biddulph, Philip Jones, and David Gordon the elder, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, according to the Nature of the several Estates, during the natural Life of Sarah Jones, Wife of the said Philip Jones, upon Trust that they, the said John Biddulph, Philip Jones, and David Gordon the elder, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of such Survivor,-did and should, during the natural Life of the said Sarah Jones, pay and apply the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said last-mentioned Moiety or Half Part of the said Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the said Sarah Jones, or to whom she should appoint, to and for her own Use and Benefit; and from and immediately after the Decease of the said Sarah Jones, then as to the said last-mentioned Moiety or Half Part of the said r — - Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the Use of all and every the Child and Children of the said Sarah Jones by her Husband the said Philip Jones, to be equally divided between or among them if more than one. Share and Share alike* as Tenants in common, and of the several and respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of the Body and Bodies of all and every such Child or Children lawfully issuing, and to, for, and upon no other Use, Trust, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and the said Testatrix did thereby declare her Will to be, that her said Trustees and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of such Survivor, did and should, from Time to Time as they should see fit, fell and cut down such Timber and other Trees, standing, growing, and being on any Part of her said Freehold and other Estates, as far as they lawfully might, as should be of full and proper Growth and Standing, or so much or such Part or Parts thereof as they might think necessary, and did and should sell and dispose of the same for the best Price or Prices that could, he had or gotten for the same, and did and should lay out and v .1 IO invest

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.U"

invest the Monies arising from such Sale and Disposition thereof in the Government Funds of this Country, at Interest, to be applied and disposed of in the same Manner, Shares, and Proportions, as the Residue of her Personal Estate and Effects was therein-after directed to be disposed of j and after certain Legacies and Bequests in the said Will particularly mentioned, the said Testatrix did give, devise, and bequeath unto the said John Biddulph, Philip Jones, and David Gordon the elder, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all the Residue of her Goods and Chattels, (except her Household Goods and Furniture, Plate, China, and Linen, which she had already disposed of), Ready Money, Securities for Money, Funded Property or Stock, and all other her Personal Estate and Effects whatsoever and wheresoever, and of what Nature or Kind soever, not therein-before disposed of, in Trust during the natural Life of the said Augusta Biddulph, to pay, apply, and dispose of One Moiety or Half Part of the Dividend, Interest, and Income of the said Residue of her said Personal Estate and Effects, and of the Stocks, Funds, and Securities wherein or upon which the same or any Part or Parts thereof should or might be invested or placed, to the said Augusta Biddulph, or to whom she should appoint, to and for her own Use and Benefit; and from and after the Decease of the said Augusta Biddulph, then as to One Moiety or Half Part of the Residue of her Personal Estate and Effects, and the Stocks, Funds, and Securities wherein and upon which the same or any Part or Parts should or might be invested or placed, in Trust for all and every the Child and Children of the said Augusta Biddulph by her said Husband the said John Biddulph, if more than one, equally to be divided between or among them, Share and Share alike, to be paid, transferred, and assigned at the Ages and Times therein mentioned; and as to the other Moiety or Half Part of the Residue of the said Testatrix’s Personal Estate and Effects, and the Stocks, Funds, and Securities upon which the same should be invested or placed, in Trust during the natural Life of the said Sarah Jones, to pay, apply, and dispose of the Dividends, Interest, and Income arising therefrom to the said Sarah Jones, or to whom she should appoint, to and for her own Use and Benefit; and from and after the Decease of the said Sarah Jones, then as to the said last-mentioned Moiety of the said Personal Estate and Effects, in Trust Tor all and every the Child and Children of the said Sarah Jones by her said Husband the said Philip Jones, if more than one, equally to be divided between or among them, Share and Share alike, to be paid, assigned, and transferred at the Times and in Manner therein mentioned : And whereas the said Sarah otherwise Sally Richards, the Testatrix, departed this Life some Time in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, without having revoked or altered her said Will; and the said Will was afterwards duly proved by the said John Biddulph and Philip Jones, Two of the Executors therein named, in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury: And whereas the said John Biddulph intermarried with the said Augusta cn or about the Ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and hath Issue by her Ten Children, namely, Ann Penelope Biddulph and Robert Biddulph, who have respectively attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, and Katharine Biddulph, Augusta Eleanor Biddulph, John Biddulph the younger, Mary Anne Biddulph, Penelope Biddulph, Francis Thomas Biddulph, Ormus Biddulph, and Constance Petronella Biddulph, who are all Infants under that Age, and no other Issue: -And whereas the said Philip Jones intermarried with the said Sarah, otherwise

220

Fine (Michaelmas Terra 1821) and Deed Poll (18th March 1823) declaring the Uses thereof.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.U.

Sally, on or about the Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one, and hath Issue by her Four Children, namely, Walter Jones, Edmund John Jones, Sarah Jones, and Philip Jones the younger, who are all now under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and no other Issue: And whereas under and by virtue of a Fine sur Conuzance de Droit come ceo, &c» duly levied by the said John Biddulph the elder and Augusta his Wife and Philip Jones the elder and Sarah otherwise Sally his Wife, in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, in Michaelmas Term which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, and of a Deed Poll or Instrument in Writing under the several Hands and Seals of the said John Biddulph the elder and Augusta his Wife, and Philip Jones the elder and Sarah otherwise Sally his Wife, bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, executed for the Purpose of declaring the Uses on the said Fine; all that Capital Messuage or Dwelling House, and other the Tenements or Cottages, and the several Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, Pasture, and Wood Land held or occupied therewith, in the said Deed Poll mentioned to contain together, by Estimation, Three hundred and fifty-five Acres more or less, but which in fact contain, by Admeasurement, Four hundred and eleven Acres or thereabouts, situate in the several Parishes or Places of Sherstone Pinckney and Sherstone Magna in the County of Wilts, (which said Premises are more particularly described in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed), are and stand limited and conveyed to the Uses herein-after expressed, (that is to say), as to one undivided Moiety or equal Half Part or Share of and in the said Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, and of and in their Appurtenances, to such Uses, upon such Trusts, and to and for such Intents and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations, as the said John Biddulph the elder and Augusta his Wife shall during their joint Lives by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, with or without Power of Revocation and new Appointment, to be by them sealed and delivered in Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, from Time to Time direct, limit, or appoint; and in Default of, and until such joint Direction, Limitation or Appointment, and so far as no such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment shall extend, to the Use of the said John Biddulph the elder and his Assigns during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, and from and after the Decease of the said John Biddulph the elder, to the Use of the said Augusta Biddulph and her Assigns during her Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after the Decease of the Survivor of them, the said John Biddulph the elder and Augusta his Wife, to such Uses, upon and for such Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations, as the Survivor of them the said John Biddulph the elder and Augusta his Wife shall by any Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing, with or without Power of Revocation and new Appointment, to be by him or her sealed and delivered in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses,^ or by his or her last Will and Testament, or any Codicil or Codicils thereto, to be by him or her signed and published in the Presence of and attested by Three or more credible Witnesses, from Time to Time direct, limit, or appoint; and in Default of and until such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, and so far as no such Direction,

r \ Li mi-

* 4° GEORGII IV. w6

Limitation, or Appointment shall extend, to the Use of the said John Biddulph the elder, his Heirs and Assigns for ever \ and as to the other undivided Moiety or equal Half Part or Share of and in the said Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, and of and in their Appurtenances, to such Uses, upon such Trusts, and to and for such Intents and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations, as the said Philip Jones' the elder, and Sarah otherwise Sally his Wife, shall during their joint Lives by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, with or without Power of Revocation and new Appointment, to be by them sealed and delivered in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, from Time to Time direct, limit, or appoint; and in Default of and until such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, and so far as no such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment shall extend, to the Use of the said Philip Jones the elder, and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after the Decease of the said Philip Jones the elder, to the Use of the said Sarah otherwise Sally Jones, and her Assigns, during her Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after the Decease of the Survivor of them the said Philip Jones the elder, and Sarah otherwise Sally, his Wife, to such Uses, upon such Trusts, and to and for such Intents and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations, as the Survivor of them the said Philip Jones the elder, and Sarah, otherwise Sally, his Wife, shall by any Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing, with or without Power of Revocation and new Appointment, to be by him or her sealed and delivered in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, or by his or her last Will and Testament in Writing, or any Codicil or Codicils thereto, to be by him or her signed and c published in the Presence of and attested by Three or more credible Witnesses, from Time to Time direct, limit, or appoint; and in Default of and until such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, and so far as no such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment shall extend, to the Use of the said Philip Jones the elder, his Heirs and Assigns for ever: And whereas under the Uses herein-before stated, the said John Biddulph the elder, and Augusta his Wife, and Philip Jones the elder, and Sarah, otherwise Sally, his Wife, now have in themselves full and absolute Power and Authority to limit, appoint, convey, and dispose of all and singular the said Messuages or Tenements, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, comprized in the said recited Deed Poll and Fine, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof: And whereas the Estates so as aforesaid devised by the Will of the said Sarah otherwise Sally Richards, (which Estates are particularly described in the First Schedule to this Act annexed) consist of several Farms, Pieces or Parcels of Land, Messuages, or Tenements, and Cottages, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, and contain together by Admeasurement Four hundred and sixty-six Acres, or thereabouts, and are of the Annual Value of Four hundred and twenty Pounds \ and the Value of the Timber growing thereon is estimated at the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds: And whereas the said devised Estates situate in the said Counties of Warwick and Worcester in great Measure consist of separate Tenements and Parcels of Land, which from the scattered and detached Situations in which they lie, and their Remoteness from the Residences of any of the Parties beneficially entitled thereto, or to the Rents and Profits thereof, have been found to be very fncon-[Private.] 3 £ venient

222

Premises mentioned in the First .Schedule, exchanged for those in the Second.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.U.

venient to be holden as a settled Property, and to occasion great Trouble and Expence in the Superintendance and Management thereof: And whereas the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, particularly described in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, contain together by Admeasurement Four hundred and eleven Acres, or thereabouts, and are of the Annual Value of Four hundred and fifty Pounds, and the Value of Timber and Plantations thereon is estimated at the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds; and the said last-mentioned Premises are considered by all the Parties claiming under the Trusts of the said Will to be more advantageous and desirable to be settled for the Purposes of the said Trusts; and the said John Biddulph the elder and Augusta his Wife, Ann Penelope Biddulph, Robert Biddulph, Philip Jones the elder, and Sarah, otherwise Sally, his Wife, are severally desirous that the said Estates comprised in the said Second Schedule, whereof they the said John Biddulph and Augusta his Wife, and Philip Jones, and Sarah, otherwise Sally, his Wife, have jointly such absolute Power of Disposition and Appointment as aforesaid, should, discharged of the Uses and Limitations limited or declared thereof in and by the said herein-before recited Deed Poll and Fine, be vested in and settled upon the said John Biddulph the elder, Philip Jones the elder, and David Gordon the elder, their Heirs and Assigns, as Trustees under the said recited Will, to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes in and by the said Will expressed and declared concerning the Estates thereby devised, and that thereupon the said devised Estates should be freed and discharged from the Uses, Trusts, and Limitations expressed and contained in the said Will, and should be substituted, limited, and settled to the Uses and in Manner in and by the said recited Deed Poll and Fine expressed and declared of and concerning the said Hereditaments and Premises therein comprised; but although such Substitution and Exchange of the said. Estates as above proposed, would be advantageous to all the said several Parties beneficially interested therein respectively, yet by reason of the Limitations contained in the Will of the said Sarah otherwise Sally Richards, such Substitution and Exchange cannot be carried into Effect without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said John Biddulph the elder, and Augusta his Wife, on Behalf of themselves and their said Eight Infant Children; and the said Ann Penelope Biddulph and Robert Biddulph; and also the said Philip Jones the elder, and Sarah otherwise Sally his Wife, on Behalf of themselves and their said Four Infant Children, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, mentioned and described in the First Schedule to this Act annexed, together with all and every the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Profits of the same Premises, shall be, and the same are hereby absolutely freed and discharged of and from the Uses, Trusts, and Limitations expressed or declared of and concerning the same in and by the said Will of the said Sarah otherwise Sally Richards, and so freed and discharged shall (in Exchange and Substitution for the Messuages or 1 enements, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments

223

4° GEORGII IV.

mentioned and described in the said Second Schedule to this Act annexed), go, remain, and be limited, settled, and assured to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Declarations in and by the said recited Deed Poll or Instrument in Writing of the Eighteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three limited, expressed, declared, and contained of and concerning the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments comprised in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, or to, upon, for, with, under, and subject to such of the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, as immediately before the passing of this Act were subsisting or capable of taking Effect.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act the Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, particularly mentioned and described in the said Second Schedule to this Act annexed, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Profits of the same Premises, shall be, and the same are. hereby accordingly absolutely freed and discharged of and from the Uses, Trusts, Powers, and Limitations in and by the said recited Deed Poll or Instrument in Writing of the Eighteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and the Fine thereby referred to, or either of them, limited, created, expressed, declared, or contained of and concerning the same, and so freed and discharged shall (in Substitution and Exchange for the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, comprised in the said First Schedule to this Act annexed) be vested in the said John Biddulph the elder, Philip Jones the elder, and David Gordon, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, in and by the said Will of the said Sarah otherwise Sally Richards limited, expressed, declared, and contained of and concerning the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, by the same Will devised, or such of the same Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations as are now subsisting or capable of taking Effect.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons legally or equitably claiming under any of the Devises or Limitations contained in the said Will of the said Sarah otherwise Sally Richards, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, without his, her, their, or any of their wilful Neglect or Default, be lawfully evicted or turned out of the Possession of the said Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands and Hereditaments, mentioned and described in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, by any Person or Persons legally or equitably having or claiming, or hereafter to have or claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, in, to, or out of the same, so as to be in anywise prevented or hindered from holding and enjoying the same Hereditaments and every Part thereof, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in such Case the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act annexed, shall immediately thereupon go and revert to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and

to

The Premises mentioned in the Second Schedule vested in the Trustees of the Will of Sarah Richards, upon the Trusts of the Estates thereby devised.

Remedy in Case of Eviction as to Premises described in Second Schedule.

224

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.U.

to and for the Intents and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, in and by the said Will of the said Sarah otherwise Sally Richards limited, expressed, declared, and contained of and concerning the same, or such of the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, as shall be then capable of taking Effect; and then and in that Case it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons so for the Time being claiming under the said Will of the said Sarah otherwise Sally Richards, into and upon the same last-mentioned Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, to enter, and to have, hold, and enjoy the same, and to have, receive, and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, to and for his, her, and their own proper Use and Benefit, in such and the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as he, she, they, or any of them could or might have done if this Act had never been passed, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Remedy in Case of Eviction as to Premises described in First Schedule.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, who under or by virtue of the Uses, Trusts, or Limitations, expressed and contained, declared or created in and by the said recited Deed Poll or Instrument, and Fine therein referred to, or either of them, shall be entitled to any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, of, in, to, or out of the Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, described in the First Schedule to this Act annexed, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, without their, his, or her wilful Default, be lawfully evicted or turned out of Possession of the same Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, by any Person or Persons legally or equitably having or claiming, or hereafter to have or claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, of, in, to, or out of the same, so as to be in anywise prevented or hindered from holding or enjoying the said last-mentioned Premises, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in such Case the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Second Schedule to this Act annexed, shall immediately thereupon go and revert to the Uses and Trusts, and with, under, and subject to the Powers and Declarations, in and by the said recited Deed Poll and Fine limited, expressed, declared, or created of and concerning the same, or such of the same Trusts, Powers, and Declarations as shall be then capable of taking Effect; and then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons claiming or entitled as aforesaid, under the Limitations of the said Deed Poll and Fine, into and upon the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Second Schedule to this Act annexed, to enter, and to have, hold, and enjoy the same, and to have, receive, and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, to and for his, her, or their own proper Use and Benefit, in such and the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as he, she, or they could or might have done if this Act had not been passed, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

General

Saving.

V. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Persons and Person, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, (other than and except the said John Biddulph

io the

4° GEORGII IV. Cftp.U.

I

225

*h O

the elder, and Augusta his Wife, and their Children, the said Ann Penelope Biddulph, Robert Biddulph, Katharine Biddulph, Augusta Eleanor Biddulph,

John Biddulph the younger, Mary Ann Biddulph, Penelope Biddulph,

Francis Thomas Biddulph} Ormus Biddulph, and Constance Petronella Biddulph, arid any other or future Child of the said John Biddulph the elder, and Augusta his Wife, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies; and the said Jones the elder, and Sarah otherwise Sally his Wife,

and their Infant Children, the said Walter Jones, Edmund John Jones, Sarah Jones, and Philip Jones the younger, and any other or future Child or Children of the said Philip Jones the elder, and Sarah otherwise Sally his Wife, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies; and the said John Biddulph the elder, Philip Jones the elder, and David Gordon, and their Heirs, as Trustees under the Will of the said Sarah otherwise Sally Richards), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, and all and singular other the Premises hereby settled and vested to the Uses and in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, as they, every or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed or been entitled to if this Act had not been passed,

'*.(113* ► ' '1 - - \

' ’*=• i (l# m

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Evidence several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to Clause, print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges,

Justices, and others.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE,

TO WHICH THE FOREGOING ACT REFERS.

COUNTY. PARISH. TENANTS. DESCRIPTION. Quantity. Actual Rent. Estimated Annual Value.

A. R. P. £ S. d. £ $. d.

Worcester Yardley John Guest Farm House, Buildings, and sundry Parcels

of Land, containing together 49 3 2 '

Do. King's Norton William Pratty Do. - ... 75 0 2

Warwick Tan worth Elizabeth Richards - Do. 96 0 21

►414 15 0 420 0 0

Do. Preston Baggot Clement Harwood Do. - 53 1 4

Worcester Inkberrow Thomas Harwood Do. - 68 0 12

Do. Bellbroughton William Oakley Do. 124 2 25 1 j

466 3 26 414 15 0 420 0 0

£ s. d.

Value in Fee of the above Premises, calculated upon the estimated Annual Value - - 12,600 0 0

Value of Timber on the Estate - • - . _ _ goo 0 0

John Ives on

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 14.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE,

TO WHICH THE FOREGOING ACT REFERS.

COUNTY.

Wilts - |

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

PARISH.

SherstonPinckney, otherwise Parva -

Sherston Magna

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

TENANTS.

Joseph Hughes

Joseph Hughes junior

John Manning, Tenant under a Leasefor99Years ata GroundRent.

r Edward Boulter i Do.

DESCRIPTION.

Farm House, Buildings, and sundry Parcels of Land, containing together

(Cottage, Blacksmith’s Shop, and Garden, containing -

"Two Tenements and a Garden, containing

Two Cottages and a Garden, containing -

Cottage and Garden, containing

Do

Do.

Quantity.

A. R. i\

409 3 30

0 0 23

0 0 10

0 0 16

0 0 12

0 0 15

0 1 0

410 2 26

Actual Rent.

£ S. d.

500 0 0

0 5 0

>026

0 2 6

500 10 0

Esti mated Annual VAue.

>450 0 0

450 0 0

Value in Fee of the above Premises, calculated upon the estimated Annual Value For the Reversion expectant on the Premises m Lease -

Value of Timber and Plantations on the Estate • -

£ s. (I.

- 13,500 0 0

300 0 0

700 0 0

John Iveson.

to

to

■nmi

AT IIOHOaDof

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII

IV. REGIS

* 9

Cap. 15.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange of an Estate in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford,

(to which Ann Unett, an Infant, is entitled in Tail) for an Estate of greater Value, belonging to John Wilkes Unett and Elizabeth his Wife, and Lettice Unett.

[17th June 1823.]

WHEREAS William Unett, formerly of Groundslow Fields in the Will of Township of Tittensor, in the Parish of Stone, but then of Stone ^Villiam in the County of Stafford, Gentleman, in and by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day of Septem- Tembe/^SO. ber One thousand seven hundred and eighty, executed and attested in such Manner as is by Law required for rendering valid Devises of Real Estates, gave and devised unto his Nephew William Unett, eldest Son of his then late Brother Thomas Unett deceased, ail that his Messuage or Tenement, with the Appurtenances, situate at Groundslow Fields aforesaid, commonly called or known by the Name of Oldhouse, then late in the Possession of the said Testator William Unett, but then of James Powner, with all Outhouses, Barns, Stables, Gardens, Orchards, Yards, and Backsides to the same belonging, together with the several Closes or Parcels of Land lying and being within the said Township of Tittensor, therein and herein-after particularly mentioned and described; (that is to say), the Croft below the House, and the new Meadow adjoining to it; the Close at the Backside $ the Barn, and the Close above it called the Clover Leasow; the Meadow above the House, which was formerly divided into [Private.] 3 m Two

230

4° GEORGII IV. CapAh.

Two Parts; the Heath Fields otherwise called the Martin's Heath Fields, into Four Parts divided, abutting to a Place called Cumber son*s Hill; the Two Upper Groundslow Fields called Martin’s Groundslow Fields, abutting also to the said Cumber son Hill; the Martin s Little Field; George Unett’s Little Field, adjoining to the said Martin’s Field; the Hill Half Acre into Two Parts divided; a Meadow adjoining the River Trent called Flax Land; and a Flat or Parcel of Land in the said Hill Half Acre, subject to and chargeable with the Payment of Twenty Shillings a Year to the Poor of the Township of Tittensor, and Ten Shillings a Year to the Poor of the Township of Sheen, on every Saint Thomas’s Day; all which said Lands were then late in the Tenure or Occupation of Richard Oram, but then of William Powner, his Assigns or Under Tenants, and all Appurtenances to the said Closes or Parcels of Land belonging or appertaining j and all Tythes and Tenths of Corn, Grain, Lamb, and Wool, yearly or otherwise coming, growing, renewing, arising, or happening from the above-mentioned Messuage or Tenement, Lands and Premises, or any Part thereof, and also from a certain Farm or Tenement in Tittensor aforesaid, called Eldershaw’s Tenement, then late in the holding of John Unett, deceased, but then of Edward Kendrick; to hold the said Messuage or Tenement, Land, Tythes, Tenths, Hereditaments, and Premises, unto his Nephew William Unett and his Assigns, for and during the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and immediately after the Forfeiture or other Determination of that Estate, then he gave and devised the said Messuage or Tenements, Lands and Premises, to William Alsager of Trentham in the said County of Stafford, Yeoman, and his Heirs, for and during the natural Life of the said William Unett, in Trust to support and preserve the contingent Uses and Estates thereinafter limited from being defeated or destroyed, and for that Purpose to make Entries or bring Actions as Occasion should require; yet nevertheless to permit and suffer the said William Unett, or his Assigns, to take and receive the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Premises during his natural Life to his and their own Use and Benefit; and from and immediately after the Decease of the said William Unett, he gave and devised the said Messuage, Lands, Tythes, Tenths, and Premises, to James Robinson of Stone aforesaid, Grocer, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of One hundred Years, upon the Trusts after mentioned; and subject thereto, he gave and devised the said Messuage or Tenement, Lands, Tythes, Hereditaments, and Premises, to the First Son of the Body of the said William Unett lawfully begotten or to be begotten, and the Heirs of the Body of such Son lawfully issuing; and for Default of such Issue, then to the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the Body of the said William Unett lawfully begotten or to be begotten, severally, successively, and in remainder one after another, as they and every of them should be in Seniority of Age and Priority of Birth, and of the several and respective Heirs of the Body and Bodies of all and every such Son or Sons lawfully issuing, the elder of such Sons and the Heirs of his Body issuing being always preferred and to take before the younger of such Son and Sons, and the Heirs of his and their Body and Bodies issuing; and for Default of such Issue, to all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the Body of the said William Unett, lawfully begotten or to be begotten, to be equally divided amongst them, Share and Share alike, as Tenants in Common and not as Joint Tenants, and of the several and respective Heirs of the Body and Bodies of

7 all

23 i

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 15.

all and every such Daughter and Daughters lawfully issuing; and in case One or more such Daughters should happen to die without Issue of her or their Body or Bodies, then as to the Share of her or them so dying to the Use of the Survivor or others of them, Share and Share alike, to take as Tenants in Common and not as Joint Tenants, and of the several and respective Heirs of their Bodies lawfully issuing; and in case all such Daughters but One should happen to die without Issue, or if there should be but One such Danghter, then to the Use of such surviving or only Daughter, and of the Heirs of her Body lawfully issuing; and for Default of such Issue, he gave and devised all and singular the said Messuage or Tenement, Closes, Lands, Tythes, Tenths, Hereditaments, and Premises, with the Appurtenances, to William Unett, eldest Son of his Nephew Thomas Unett of Stone aforesaid, Tanner, his Heirs and Assigns for ever; and as to the said Term of One hundred Years, he thereby declared it to be upon Trust, that if his said Nephew William Unett should die, having Issue a Son or Daughter, that then the said James Robinson, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, should, by Demise, Sale, or Mortgage of the said Premises, raise the Sum of One hundred Pounds for the Benefit of the said William Unett, Son of his said Nephew Thomas Unett, to be paid to him at the Age of Twenty-one Years : And whereas the said Testator, William Unett, departed this Life on or about the Twentieth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, without revoking his said Will or altering the same, except by a Codicil, which did not alter or affect the Devises herein-before set forth : And whereas the said William Unett (the Devisee for Life) intermarried with Mary Malpass on or about the Ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fourteeen, and departed this Life on or about the Twenty-third Day of September now last past, leaving One Child only, (namely) Ann Unett, an Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years, who is now Tenant in Tail of the said Estate at Tittensor aforesaid : And whereas the said William Unett (the Devisee for Life) in and by his last Will and Testament duly executed and attested, bearing Date the Eighth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, appointed his said Wife Mary, and Thomas Shaw, and William Unett of Lane End in the said County of Stafford, Guardians of his Child, the said Ann Unett, the Infant Tenant in Tail: And whereas the Widow of the said William Unett (the Devisee for Life) and Mother of the said Ann Unett, the Infant Tenant in Tail, hath, since the Death of her Husband, intermarried with and is now the Wife of George Procter : And whereas William Unett, in the said Will described to be the eldest Son of the said Testator’s Nephew, Thomas Unett, departed this Life in or about the Month of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, without Issue, leaving Elizabeth Unett (now the Wife of the said John Wilkes Unett) and Lettice Unett his only Sisters and Heiresses at Law, who thereupon became entitled to the ultimate Remainder in Fee, limited to their Brother the said William Unett deceased, in the said Hereditaments and Premises at Tittensor aforesaid : And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Days of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the Release being made between the said John Wilkes Unett and Elizabeth his Wife and the said Lettice Unett of the First Part, William Devon Gentleman of the Second Part, and George Hollington Barker Gentleman of the Third Part; and by a Common Recovery duly suffered in pursuance of the said Indenture

232

4° GEORGII IV. 15.

ture of Release, in Easter Term in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, a certain Messuage, Farm, and Lands situate in the Parish of Eccleshall in the County of Stafford, described in the Second Schedule to this Act, of greater Value than the said Messuage, Farm, Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments at Tittensor aforesaid, with the Appurtenances, were (together with other Hereditaments) conveyed, limited, and assured, as to One undivided Moiety or Halt Part thereof, to the Use of such Person or Persons, and for such Estate and Estates, Interest and Interests, Intents and Purposes, and upon such Trusts, and chargeable in such Manner and Form, and subject to such Power of Revocation and new Appointment, and other Powers, Provisoes, Conditions, Limitations, and Agreements, as the said John TVilkes Unett and Elizabeth his Wife, at any Time, and from Time to Time, during their joint Lives, by any Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing, to be sealed and delivered by them in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, should grant, demise, direct, or appoint the same, or any Part thereof; and in Default of and until the same should be effectually made, to the Use of the said John Wilkes Unett, and his Assigns, during his Life; Remainder to the said Elizabeth his Wife, and her Assigns, during her Life; Remainder to the Use of all and every or such One or more Child or Children of the said John Wilkes Unett, on the Body of the said Elizabeth lawfully begotten or to be begotten, and for such Estate and Estates, and wholly, or in such Shares or Proportions, and with or without Power of Revocation and new Appointment of Uses, and subject to such Charges, Limitations, and Conditions, and in such Manner and Form, as they the said John Wilkes Unett and Elizabeth his Wife, during their joint Lives, in and by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, to be by both of them sealed and delivered in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, or by the last Will and Testament in Writing of the Survivor of them, to be by him or her sealed and delivered in the Presence of Three or more credible Witnesses, should give, limit, declare, or appoint the same; and in Default thereof, to the Use of the Children equally in Tail \ Remainder to the said Elizabeth Unett1 s Appointment by Will; Remainder to the Use of the right Heirs of the said Elizabeth Unett for ever; and as to the other undivided Moiety or Half Part thereof, to the Use of the said Lettice Unett, her Heirs and Assigns, for ever : And whereas it hath been proposed by the said John Wilkes Unett and Elizabeth his Wife, and Lettice Unett, and assented to by the said Mary Procter, on behalf of her Infant Child Ann Unett, to substitute and exchange the said Messuage, Farm, Lands, and Hereditaments in the Parish of Eccleshall aforesaid, for the said Messuage, Farm, Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments at Tittensor aforesaid; and that the said Estate in the Parish of Tccleskall aforesaid, shall be limited, settled, and assured to the Uses and upon the Trusts declared and contained by and in the said Will of the said William Unett, the Testator, concerning the said Messuages, Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments at Tittensor aforesaid, as far as the same are now existing and capable of taking effect, on the said Estate at Tittensor being limited and assured to the Uses declared by the said Indenture of Release: And whereas the said Exchange will be for the Benefit and Advantage of all Persons interested in the Premises; but by reason of the Limitations contained in the said Will of the said William Unett, the Testator, the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority ot Parliament: Therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal

Subjects,

233

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 15.

Subjects, the said Mary Procter, Thomas Shaw and William 11 nett (as Guardians and on behalf of the said Infant Child, the said Ann Unett), and the said John Wilkes Unett and Elizabeth his Wife, and Lettice Unett, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Estate in the from and after the passing of this Act, all that Messuage or Tenement, First Sche-Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments, described in the First Schedule to this fox" Act (being the same Premises as were devised by the Will of the said the Estate in William Unett, the Testator), with their Rights, Members, and Appurte- the Second nances, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Schedule, Yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, shall be and are here- fncJ, by discharged, and shall be absolutely acquitted and exonerated or and Uses, from all and every the Uses, Trusts, Estates, Limitations, Conditions,

Provisoes, and Declarations, in or by virtue of the said Will of the said Testator, William Unett, limited, created, contained, or referred to of or concerning the same, and so freed, discharged, acquitted, and exonerated, shall be and are hereby settled and limited to the Uses, upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers,

Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations, in and by the said Indentures of Lease and Release of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Days of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, expressed or declared of or concerning the said Messuage, Lands, and other Hereditaments therein comprized, and described in the Second Schedule to this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the Estate in the passing of this Act, the said Messuage, Farm, or Tenement, Closes, g^g in Pieces, or Parcels of Land or Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises par- Exchange ticularly described in the Second Schedule to this Act, together with all for the Estate and every the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, i^the First and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Yearly ^dlimited and other Rents, Issues, and Profits of all and singular the said Heredita- to the same ments, shall be and stand settled and assured, and remain and continue, Uses.

and the same are hereby settled and assured, and declared to remain and continue, freed and discharged of and from all the Estate, Right, Title,

Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of them the said John Wilkes Unett and Elizabeth his Wife, and Lettice Unett, and their Heirs (save such as he or they will be entitled to under the Limitations herein-after referred to), but to, upon, for, with, under, and subject to such and so many of the Uses, Trusts, Intents, Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, Conditions,

Limitations, and Declarations, by and in the said Will of the said Testator William Unett limited, declared, and contained of and concerning the said Messuage or Tenement, Land, Tythes, Tenths, Hereditaments, and Premises thereby devised, and comprized in the First Schedule to this Act, as are now subsisting undetermined or capable of taking effect, in lieu of and in exchange, and full Consideration for the said Messuage or Tenement, Land, Tythes, Tenths, Hereditaments, and Premises contained in the First Schedule to this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any of the several Heredita- Clause in ments herein-before respectively limited, settled, and assured by way of Ex- case of

• {Private.'] 3n change Eviction‘

4° GE0KGI1 IV. Cap. 15.

change as aforesaid, shall at any Time or Times hereafter be lawfully recovered from or taken out of Possession of the Person or Persons in or upon whom, or to whose Use the said Hereditaments are by this Act respectively vested or settled as aforesaid, or his or their respective Heirs or Assigns, by any Right or Title precedent to the passing of this Act, without the Neglect or Default of such Person or Persons, then and from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Person and Persons, his or their Heirs and Assigns, out of whose Possession such Hereditaments shall be lawfully recovered and taken away (from and immediately after such his or their Eviction from or Loss of Possession of the sa^d Hereditaments respectively, or any Part thereof as aforesaid), to enter into the several Hereditaments hereby settled and assured, in lieu of and in exchange for the said Hereditaments which shall be so lawfully recovered and taken away, and the same to have, hold, repossess, and enjoy, as in his, her, or their first and former Estate; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators respectively (other than and except the said Ann Unett, and the Heirs of her Body lawfully issuing, and the said John Wilkes Unett and Elizabeth his Wife, and Lettice Unett, and the Heirs and Assigns of them, or any of them), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of, in, to, and out of the Messuages- or Tenements, Lands, Tythes, Tenths, Hereditaments, and Premises respectively limited, settled, and assured in or by way of exchange as aforesaid, as they or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

235

4° GEORGIA IV. Cap. 15.

The FIRST SCHEDULE referred to by this Act,

Containing a Description of an Estate called Groundslow Fields in the Liberty of Tittensor in the Parish of Stone in the County of Stafford, now in Settlement, with its Annual Rent and Annual Value.

No. in Plan. DESCRIPTION. QUANTITY. Annual Rent, including Right of Common, and the Tythe of Six Acres of another Estate. Annual Value, including Right of Common, and the Tythe of Six Acres, of another Estate.

e Elizabeth Malabar, Tenant. A. R. p. £ s. d. £ s. d.

1 Groundslow Field House, Barn,

Stable, Buildings, Garden,

Orchards, and Rick Yard 1 — 27

2 House Meadow - 2 2 21

3 Garden - ■— — 28

4 Lower Back of Barn 4 — 35

5 Upper Ditto - 3 1 29

6 Little Meadow - 1 3 2

7 Clover Leasow 7 1 31

8 Ten Days Work 8 — 1

9 Six Days Work 4 1 30

10 Four Days Work 2 3 9

11 Seven Days Work 5 2 13

12 Cumbersome Nook 4 — 19

13 Long Heath Field 4 1 11

14 Upper Ditto - 3 2 26

15 Lower Ditto - 3 2 2

16 Lower Hill Half Acre 4 3 11

17 Upper Ditto - 5 — 30

18 Spring Vale Meadow 2 1 24

Annual Outgoings. 75 — — 98 18 9

Land 'tax - - £2 5 5

To the Poor of

Tittensor - 1 -

To the Poor of

Sheen - - — 10 —

- - - 3 15 5 3 15 5

Total Quantity, Tythe-free,

except about Four Acres 69 2 29 71 4 7 95 3 4

The

Will. Fowler, as to the Quantity and Outgoings. Richd Fowler, as to the Value.

236

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. lb

The SECOND SCHEDULE referred to by this Act,

Containing a Description of the High Lanes Estate, in the Parish of Eccleshall in the County of Stafford, to be put into Settlement, with its Annual Rent and Annual Value.

No. on Plan. DESCRIPTION. QUANTITY. ANNUAL RENT. ANNUAL VALUE.

John Cottony Tenant. A. R. p. £ s. d. £ s. d.

1 High Lanes Farm House, Barn,

Stable, Cow Houses, Yard, r? *. y v r, ~ • r rr

Garden, 8tc. 1 — 30

2 Little Croft - 1 2 3

3 Pond Croft - 3 1 10

4 Lay Butts - 5 1 24

5 Barn Yard - - 6 3 24

6 Large Green Field 21 — 14

i 7 Little and Lower D* 10 3 28

8 Moor - 9 2 22

9 Spring Meadow 9 3 17

10 Upper Meadow - 4 1 18

I 11 Lay Field - 12 1 31

12 Large Strange Lay 13 3 —

13 Little - - D 10 1 39

14 Aloes Field and Aloes Rough 17 — 27

15 Intake - — — 22

Annual Outgoings. 150 — — 169 12 —

Land Tax - £4 17 —

Chief Rent - — 13 —

- - - 5 10 — 5 10 —

Total Quantity 128 — 29 144 10 — 164 2 —

Will. Fowler, as to the Quantity and Outgoings. Richfl Fowler, as to the Value.

£ s. d.

Annual Value of Estate to be put into Settlement • - 164 2 —

Annual Value of Estate to be taken out of Settlement • 97 8 9

Annual Difference in Favour of the Tenant in Tail - - £ ! i " 66 13 3 .

Timber on the Estate to be put in Settlement - - 209

D° on the Estate to be taken out of Settlement - ... 50 1 —

Difference in Value of Timber in Favour of the Infant Tenant in Tail £ 158 19 —

Richd Fowler.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

9

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 16. I

An Act for confirming certain Exchanges made by Sir George Thomas Baronet, deceased, and George White Thomas Esquire, deceased, of Estates at Yapton, Walberton, Madehurst, Bilsham, and Climping, in the County of Sussex.

[17th 1823.]

WHEREAS by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date Settlement respectively the Nineteenth and Twentieth Days of February by Walter One thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, the Release made Sydserfe, between Walter Sydserfe > then late of the Island of Antigua, but then of Dean Street in the Parish of Saint Ann, Westminster, Esquire, of the First 1759. y Part, William ‘Thomas of Yapton in the County of Sussex, Esquire, and Margaret his Wife (which said Margaret was therein described as the only Child of the said Walter Sydserfe) of the Second Part, and Richard Oliver Merchant, of the Third Part; in consideration of the natural Love and Affection which the said Walter Sydserfe bore unto the said Margaret Thomas and her Children, and for other Considerations therein mentioned, certain Messuages and Lands therein particularly described, situate in the Parishes of Yapton, BarnhanG and Walberton, in the County of Sussex, and all other the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-[.Private.'] 3 0 ments

238

Will of Walter Sydserfe, dated 16th May 1759.

Will of Sir George Tho^ mas, dated 29th April 1773.

• 4° GEORGII IV. CapM.

merits whatsoever of him the said Walter Sydserfe lying in Tapton, WaU berton, and Barnham aforesaid, or any of them, which were formerly James Bell's Land, and then lattChallen Miller's Land, and also all that Barn and Parsonage commonly called or known by the Name of Trine Barn, and One Acre of Glebe Land and all the several Portions of Tithes coming, arising, renewing, increasing, or happening in the several Parishes, Villages, Hamlets, Tithings, and Fields of Tapton, Climping, and Bilsham, or in any other Parishes, Hamlets, Tithings, and Fields in the said County of Sussex to the said Parsonage or Barn belonging, or therewith demised, used, occupied, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, or taken as Parr, Parcel, or Member thereof, or as appertaining thereunto *, and all other the Tithes and Portions of Tithes of the said Walter Sydserfe in the said Parishes, Tithings, and Places, or any of them, all which said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments are therein mentioned to have been then lately purchased by the said Walter Sydserfe of the said Challen Miller, were conveyed and assured by the said Walter Sydserfe unto the said Richard Oliver, his Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of the said William Thomas and his Assigns for his Life; Remainder to the said Margaret, the Wife of the said William Thomas, and her Assigns for her Life; Remainder to George Thomas, eldest Son of the said William Thomas by the said Margaret his Wife, and his Assigns for his Life j Remainder to the said Richard Oliver and his Heirs, during the Life of the said George Thomas% in Trust to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the First and every other Son of the said George Thomas, severally and successively, according to Seniority in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the Second and every other Son of the said William Thomas by the said Margaret his Wife, severally and successively, and according to Seniority, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said William Thomas by the said Margaret his Wife as Tenants in Common in Tail, with cross Remainders between or among them as Tenants in Common in Tail, with Remainder to an only Daughter in Tail, with Remainder or Reversion to the Use of the right Heirs of the said Walter Sydserfe for ever: And whereas the said Walter Sydserfe having as aforesaid reserved to himself the Reversion in Fee Simple of and in the Hereditaments comprized in the said recited Indenture of Release and Settlement, and having in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven purchased certain Freehold Lands and Hereditaments situate in the said Parishes of Tapton and Walberion, from John Farhill Esquire, did, by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Sixteenth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and duly executed and attested for the passing of Freehold Estates by Devise, give and devise all his Real Estates whatever or wherever to his said Daughter Margaret Thomas, therein described as Margaret 'Thomas the Wife of the said William Thomas, and to the Heirs of her Body, with Remainder to his own right Heirs: And whereas the said Testator Walter Sydserfe died in or about the Month of March One thousand seven hundred and sixty, without having revoked or altered his said Will, leaving the said Margaret Thomas his only Child and sole Heiress at Law : And whereas Sir George 1 homas, late of Tapton Place and Ratton in the County of Sussexy Baronet, by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date on or about the ri wenty-ninth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and duly executed and attested for the passing of Freehold

239

4° GEORGII IV. Cap-16.

Estates by Devise, gave and devised all his Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments in England which he should die seised of, and his Estates in Antigua, to the Use of his Son the said William Thomas for Life; Remainder to the Use of Arthur Freeman, Thomas Warner, Francis Farley, Richard Oliver, Richard Neave, and Gibbs Crawford, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said William Thomas, in Trust to support contingent Remainders; Remainder, as to his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments situate, lying, and being in the several Parishes or Places of Yapt on, Walberton, Cl imping, Slindon, Little Hampton, and elsewhere, in the Western Part of the County of Sussex, to his Grandson George White and his Assigns for Life; Remainder to the same Trustees and their Heirs, during the Life of the said George White, in Trust to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and every other Son of the said George White, severally and successively, and according to Seniority in Tail Male; Remainder to his (the Testator’s) Grandson, Inigo Freeman, and his Assigns for Life; Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of the said Inigo Freeman, in Trust to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and every other Son of the said Inigo Freeman, severally and successively, and according to Seniority, in Tail Male; Remainder to his the said Testator’s Grandson George Thomas Freeman, Second Son of his the said Testator’s Daughter Marget Freeman, and his Assigns for his Life; Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of the said George Thomas Freeman, in Trust to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and every other Son of the said George Thomas Freeman, severally and successively, and according to Seniority, in Tail Male; Remainder to all and every other the Son and Sons of his the Testator’s said Daughter Marget Freeman, severally and successively, and according to Seniority, in Tail Male; Remainder to his Three Daughters, Lydia White, Elizabeth Thomas, and Marget Freeman, as Tenants in Common, in Tail; with Remainder or Reversion to his own right Heirs for ever: And whereas the said Sir George Thomas died on or about the Month of December One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, without having revoked or altered his said Will, leaving his said Son William Thomas him surviving, who thereupon became Sir William Thomas Baronet: And whereas the said Margaret, the Wife of the said William, afterwards Sir William Thomas, died in or about the Month of November One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three : And whereas the said Sir William Thomas died in or about the Month of December One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, leaving the said George Thomas his Son, who thereupon became Sir George Thomas Baronet, him surviving : And whereas upon the Death of the said Sir William Thomas the said last-named Sir George Thomas (the Grandson of the said Sir George Thomas, the before named Testator) became entitled in Possession, for the Term of his Life, to the several Hereditaments comprized in the said recited Indenture of Settlement, with such Remainders over as in the said Settlement were contained; and upon the same Event, the same Sir George Thomas the Grandson, as the Heir of the Body of the said Margaret Thomas his Mother, became entitled to an Estate Tail in Possession of and in such of the several Hereditaments devised by the said Will of the said Walter Syd-serfe, of which the same Testator was seised in Fee Simple in Possession at the Date and the Execution of his said recited Will, the Reversion of which last-mentioned Premises in Fee Simple expectant on the Determination

240

Exchange of Lands between Sir George Thomas and George White Thomas,

20th Dec. 1778.

A further Exchange of Lands and Tithes, 11 th April 1783.

A third Exchange of

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 10.

nation of the said Estate Tail in the same Premises was then already vested in the same Sir George Thomas, as the Heir at Law of the said Walter Sydserfe : And whereas upon the Death of the said Sir Wiliam Thomas, the said George White became entitled in Possession for the Term of his Life to the several Hereditaments devised by the said Will of the said Sir George Thomas the Grandfather, and thereby limited to him the said George White for his Life, with such Remainders over as aforesaid : And whereas by Indenture, bearing date the Twentieth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and made between the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson of the one Part, and the said George White, therein called George White Thomas, of the other Part; certain Fields or Pieces or Parcels of Land therein particularly described, containing together Thirty-one Acres and Two Roods, or thereabouts, situate in the said several Parishes of Tapton and IValberton, were granted, bargained and sold by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson unto the said George White Thomas, his Heirs and Assigns, in Exchange lor certain Pieces of Land therein particularly described, containing together Nineteen Acres and Two Roods or thereabouts, also situate in the said Parishes of Tapton and Walberton, or one of them; and also for a Piece of Woodland called Heberden Wood, containing by Estimation Twenty Acres, situate in the Parish of Madehurst in the said County of Sussex, which were thereby granted, bargained, and sold by the said George White Thomas unto the said Sir George Thomas, his Heirs and Assigns, in Exchange for the Hereditaments therein-before granted by him to the said George White Thomas: And whereas by Indenture, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and made between the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson of the one Part, and the said George White Thomas of the other Part; a Piece of Land called the East Town Field, situate in Tapton aforesaid, containing by Estimation Fourteen Acres, and also a Piece of Land in Barns Croft in Tapton aforesaid, containing by Estimation One Quarter of an Acre, and all the Tithes and Tenths Yearly arising, growing, renewing, and increasing out of and from the several Pieces of Land therein particularly described, and containing One hundred and four Acres or thereabouts, situate in the said Parish of Tapton, were granted, bargained, and sold by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson unto the said George White Thomas, his Heirs and Assigns, in Exchange for a Piece of Coppice Ground called Shelbridge and Hebberden Coppice, situate in the said Parishes of Walberton and Madehurst, and for a Piece of Land called Barns Croft, containing by Estimation Two i\cres, situate in Tapton aforesaid, and a Croft called the Furze Croft, situate in Walberton aforesaid, containing by Estimation Half an Acre, and a Piece of Land called the Champs in Tapton Lane, containing by Estimation One-fourth of an Acre, and for the Tithes and Tenths yearly arising, growing, renewing, or increasing out of and from the several Pieces of Land therein-after particularly described, and containing Eighty-one Acres or thereabouts, situate in the said Parish of Tapton, and out of and from a certain Farm in Bilsham aforesaid, then occupied by William Boniface, as Tenant to the Earl of Newburgh, which several last-mentioned Lands and Tithes were, by the Indenture now in recital, granted, bargained, and sold by the said George White Thomas unto the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, his Heirs and Assigns, in Exchange for the Lands and Tithes therein-before granted by him to the said. G^rge White Thomas : And whereas by an Indenture, bearing Date the Twenty-

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 16. 241

second Day of August One thousand eight hundred, and made between of Lands, 22d the said Sir George Thomas (the Grandson) of the one Part, and the said ugus George White Thomas and the said Inigo Freeman (therein called Inigo Thomas') and the said George Thomas Freeman (therein called George Thomas Thomas) of the other Part; certain Pieces of Land situate in Tapton and Walberton aforesaid, called the Barn Field, the Rockings, and Barns Croft, and certain other Lands in Tapton therein described, containing altogether Twenty-five Acres or thereabouts, and also the Tithes and Tenths growing and renewing in or from the same Lands, and in and from Two Acres of Land at Bits ham aforesaid, were granted, bargained, and sold by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, unto the said George White Thomas,

Inigo Thomas, and George Thomas Thomas, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Exchange for Two Pieces of Land situate in the said Parishes of Tapton and Walberton respectively, called New Barn Field and Lake, and containing together Twenty-five Acres or thereabouts, and the Tithes and Tenths growing and renewing in or upon the said last-mentioned Lands, which last-mentioned Lands and Tithes were by the Indenture now in recital granted, bargained, and sold by the said George White Thomas, Inigo Thomas, and George Thomas Thomas, according to the Nature of their several Estates and Interests therein, unto the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, his Heirs and Assigns, in Exchange for the several Lands and Tithes thereinbefore granted by him : And whereas by a certain other Indenture, also bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of August One thousand eight hundred, and made between the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, of the one Part, and the said George White Thomas, Inigo Thomas, and George Thomas Thomas, of the other Part; certain Tithes and Tenths yearly arising, growing, renewing, or increasing in or from a certain Farm in the said Parish of Climping, and also in or from several Pieces of Land therein particularly described, and containing Twenty-seven Acres or thereabouts, situate in the said Parish of Tapton, were granted, bargained, and sold by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson unto the said George White Thomas, Inigo Thomas, and George Thomas Thomas, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Exchange for certain other Tithes yearly arising, growing, renewing, or increasing in or from a certain other Farm also situate in the said Parish of Tapton, and in or from Six Acres of Land in the same Parish, called Pink Croft, which said several last-mentioned Tithes were, by the Indenture now in recital granted, bargained, and 6old by the said George White Thomas, Inigo Thomas, and George Thomas Thomas, according to the Nature of their several Estates and' Interests therein, unto the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, his Heirs and Assigns, in Exchange for the several Tithes thereinbefore granted by him: And whereas some of the Lands, Tithes, and other Hereditaments conveyed by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, in Exchange as aforesaid, were, at the Dates of the said Deeds of Exchange respectively, or are supposed to have then been held by him as Tenant for Life only, under the said Indenture of Settlement, and others of the Hereditaments so conveyed by him in Exchange as aforesaid, were, at the Dates of the same Deeds of Exchange respectively, or are supposed to have then been held by him as Tenant in Tail under the Will of the said Walter Sydserfe; and all the Lands, Tithes, and other Hereditaments conveyed by the said George White Thomas, either alone or in Conjunction with the said Inigo Thomas and George Thomas Thomas, to the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, in Exchange as aforesaid, were, at the Dates of the said seve-[Private.] 3 p ra[

242

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 16.

ral Deeds of Exchange respectively, or are supposed to have then been held by the said George White Thomas, as Tenant for Life in Possession under the said Will of the said Sir George Thomas the Grandfather, and consequently the said Exchanges were ineffectual Assurances, except as Exchange by against the Parties thereto : And whereas by Indentures of Lease and

Sir George Release bearing Date respectively the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Days Thorns with of january One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Release being made let! of Lands", between the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, of the first Parc; Ed-15th and 16th ward Carleton Esquire, of the Second Part; and William Parlett, of Januaryi8J0. Madehurst aforesaid, Yeoman, of the Third Part; a Messuage or Farm House with the Appurtenances and Forty-three Acres of Land, more or less, thereunto belonging, situate in Tapton and Walberton aforesaid, or One of them, and then in the Tenure of John Boniface, were, together with certain other Freehold Hereditaments, conveyed and assured by the same Sir George Thomas unto and to the Use of the said William Parlett, his Heirs and Assigns, to be held by him (together with certain Copyhold Hereditaments therein covenanted to be surrendered to him by the same Sir George Thomas') in Exchange for a certain Messuage or Tenement and Farm, therein stated to contain, by Estimation, One hundred and eighty Acres, situate in the said Parish of Madehurst, which last-mentioned Premises were, by the same Indentures, conveyed and assured by the said William Parlett unto and to the Use of the same Sir George Thomas, his Heirs and Assigns, in Exchange for the Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments therein-before conveyed, and covenanted to be surrendered by him to the said William Parlett: And whereas some Part of the said Lands, containing Forty-three Acres, conveyed by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson to the said William Parlett, in Exchange as aforesaid, were or are supposed to have been included in the said recited Indenture of Settlement of the Twentieth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and the Piesidue of the same Lands were or are supposed to have been Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments previously taken in Exchange by the same Sir George Thomas from the said George White Thomas alone, or from him and the said Inigo Thomas and George Thomas Thomas jointly as aforesaid, and consequently the said last recited Deed of Exchange as a Conveyance from the same Sir George Thomas was ineffectual to pass the Fee Simple of the same Forty-three Acres of Land, and the Messuage thereon, or such Parts thereof as were included in the same Settlement, or had been previously so taken in Exchange by the same Sir George Thomas as aforesaid : And whereas by means of the said Exchange with the said William Parlett\ and of divers other Conveyances by way of Sale or Exchange made by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, all the Messuages, Lands, Tithes, and other Hereditaments which were so taken by him in Exchange from the said George White Thomas alone, or from him and the said Inigo Thomas and George Thomas Thomas jointly as aforesaid, (except the said Piece of Woodland called Heberden Wood, situate in the Parish of Madehurst, and comprized in the said Deed of Exchange of the Twentieth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and also except the said Pieces of Land called respectively Shelbridge and Heberden Coppice, and the Furze Croft, situate respectively in the said Parishes of Walbsrton and Madehurst, and comprized in the said Deed of Exchange of the Eleventh Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, with their Appurtenances,) were or are supposed to have been disposed of by him the same Sir George Thomas in his

Life-

m

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. XQ.

Life-time: And whereas the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson intermarried abroad with Jane Louisa Sales, of the Republic of Geneva, on or about the Eighteenth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, by whom he had Issue the present Sir William Lewis George Thomas Baronet, and no other Child : And whereas the several Exchanges so made by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, as aforesaid, were made with a view to the Improvement of his principal Estate in the County of Sussex, which consisted of the Manor and nearly the whole of the Parish of Madehurst, and certain Lands in adjoining Parishes, and he expended considerable Sums of Money in erecting thereon a capital Mansion House, commonly called Dale House, with suitable Offices and Outbuildings, and in forming Gardens and Pleasure Grounds for the same, and in forming a Park or large Inclosure, commonly called Dale Park, and in repairing or improving a certain Messuage called Madehurst Lodge : And whereas the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson made and published his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Tenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and executed and attested as by Law is required for the Devise of Real Estates, and thereby, after reciting that by a Settlement made previous to his Marriage with his Wife Dame Sophia Thomas, a Jointure of Six hundred Pounds per Annum was settled on her, and charged upon his Estates in the Island of Antigua, and in the event of her surviving him she would be further entitled to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, secured by Mortgage, and producing an Annual Interest of One hundred and fifty Pounds, and also to the Rents arising from Madehurst Lodge, and certain Lands near thereto, the said Testator gave and devised unto his said Wife, during her Widowhood, his said Mansion House, and the Park, Gardens, and Plantations and Buildings at Dale, and he did thereby charge his said Manor of Madehurst, and all his Messuages and Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the several Parishes of Madehurst zndWalberton, and all other his Real Estate, with the further and additional Yearly Sum of Four hundred and fifty Pounds, making in the whole One thousand two hundred Pounds, unto his said Wife during her Life, payable Half-yearly; and subject as aforesaid he gave and devised his said Manor of Madehurst, his Mansion House, Park, Gardens, Plantations, Messuages, Farms, and all other his Real Estate, unto his Son the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas, his Heirs and Assigns for ever : And whereas the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson died in or about the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, without having revoked or altered his said Will, leaving the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas his only Son and Heir at Law; and upon the Decease of the same Sir George Thomas, the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas, as his Heir at Law or Devisee, entered into the Possession of or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of all the Estates late of his said Father in or near Madehurst, including such of the Lands and other Hereditaments situate in Madehurst and Walberton aforesaid, which had been conveyed to his said late Father by the said George White Thomas alone, or by him and the said Inigo Thomas and George Thomas Thomas jointly, in Exchange as aforesaid, and which had not been subsequently disposed of by his said late Father, and also including the Lands in Madehurst which had been conveyed to his said late Father by the said William Parlett, in Exchange as aforesaid, except such Parts of the said Estates to the Rents and Profits of which the said Dame Sophia Thomas was entitled for her Life under the Settlement referred to in the same Will, and also except such Parts thereof as were . devised

Will of Sir George Thomas, I Oth March 1810.

244

4° GEORGII IV. 16.

devised to her during Widowhood by the same Will: And whereas under or by virtue of certain Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the First and Second Days of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Release made between the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas and Dame Elizabeth Lucretia his Wife, of the First Part; the said Dame Sophia Thomas of the Second Part; Robert Blake Esquire, of the Third Part; and Gawen Richard Nash Esquire, of the Fourth Part; and of certain other Indentures of Lease and Release, dated respectively the Fifth and Sixth Days of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, and made between the said Gawen Richard Nash of the One Part, and George Hoper of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, Gentleman, of the other Part; and of another Indenture, dated in January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and made between the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas of the One Part, and the said George Hoper of the other Part; the said Manor or Lordship of Madehurst, and divers Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments situate in the said Parish of Madehurst, and in some adjoining Parishes in the said County of Sussex, late the Estates of the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, including the Lands situate at Madehurst aforesaid, which had been conveyed by the said William Parlett to the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, in Exchange as aforesaid, are now vested in the said George Hoper as a Security for Two several Sums, amounting together to the Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, and Interest for the same: And whereas the said George White Thomas died in or about the Month of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, without leaving any Issue Male; whereupon the said Inigo Thomas (in the said Will of the said Sir George Thomas the Grandfather called Inigo Freeman) did, by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said Will of the said Sir George Thomas the Grandfather, become entitled in possession, for the Term of his Life, to the several Hereditaments limited or devised by the same Will to the said George White Thomas for his Life,

• with such Remainders over as aforesaid: And whereas the said Inigo Thomas, on or about the Twenty-fourth Day at August in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, intermarried with the Honourable Frances Anne Brodrick, and hath Issue by her Freeman Thomas his eldest Son, now an Infant of the Age of Fifteen Years or thereabouts, and Four other Sons, namely, William Brodrick Thomas, George Pelham Thomas, Arthur Thomas, and Henry John Thomas; And whereas the several Hereditaments which by virtue of the said Deeds of Exchange respectively between Sir George Thomas the Grandson, George White Thomas, Inigo Thomas, and George Thomas Thomas, became vested in the said George White Thomas, have, ever since such Exchanges, been considered as liable to the Limitations contained in the said Will of the said Sir George Thomas the Grandfather, and have been held and enjoyed accordingly, in the same Manner as if the said Exchanges had been made under a Power for that Purpose contained in the same Will, and as if the said Sir George Thomas, the Grandson, had been seised in Fee Simple in possession of the same Estates when he so conveyed them in Exchange, and the said Inigo Thomas is now in the Possession or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof: And whereas the Hereditaments which, by virtue of the same several last-mentioned Deeds of Exchange, became vested in the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, were considered as having been vested in him in Fee Simple, in the same Manner as the same would have been held if the Parties to the said Exchanges had been seised in Fee Simple in Possession of the

Estates

4° GEORG 11 rv. Hi

tot! »K9i9fiw bn A ' IJiW 9fl2&£ 5 ill vd boorfwobiW gnnwb wH.

Estates mutually conveyed by them; and the several Persons denying

Title to such Parts of the Hereditaments so taken in Exchange by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson (as were subsequently conveyed away in Exchange or sold by him as aforesaid,) have, ever since such last-mentioned Sales and Exchanges, held and enjoyed the same Premises free from any Claim or Demand whatsoever by the Person or Persons for the Time being claiming under or by virtue of the said Settlement so made by the said Walter Sydserfe as aforesaid, or his said Will, or the said Will of the said Sir George Thomas the Grandfather : And whereas the only Hereditaments to which the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas claims to be entitled by virtue of the said several Exchanges between them, his said late Father, and the said George White Thomas, Inigo Thomas, and George Thomas Thomas, consist of the said Pieces of Land called respectively Heberden Wood, Shelbridge, and Heberden Coppice, and the Furze Croft; but the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas claims to be entitled to the whole of the said Messuage and Farm herein-before stated to contain One hundred and eighty Acres (but which in fact contains only One hundred and thirty Acres or thereabouts), situate in Madehurst, and conveyed to his said late Father by the said William Parlett in Exchange as aforesaid; all which said Lands, from their Locality, constitute valuable and important Parts of the Estates of the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas in or near Madehurst aforesaid: And whereas although the precise Situation, Quantities, and Qualities of the Lands so taken in Exchange by the said George White Thomas, Inigo Thomas, and George Thomas Thomas, cannot, from the Alterations made in the Mode of Cultivation, and from the Removal of Boundaries and Fences, the Changes of Names and Tenants, and other Circumstances occasioned by the Lapse of Time, be with any Accuracy ascertained, yet such Lands are known to be intermixed with and to form Part of other Estates of considerable Value, situate in or near Tapton aforesaid, devised by the said Will of Sir George Thomas the Grandfather, and near to the Family Mansion House of the said Inigo Thomas situate at Tapton, and of which Estates the said Inigo Thomas is now in Possession as Tenant for Life thereof, under the Devises contained in the said Will, with such Remainders over as in the said Will are expressed, and the Tithes so taken in Exchange by the said George White Thomas, Inigo Thomas, and George Thomas Thomas as aforesaid, form a very important Appendage to the said Lands so taken by them in Exchange as aforesaid, and greatly add to the Value thereof, and of the other Estates held therewith : And whereas the Income arising from the Estates of the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas, in or near Madehurst aforesaid, is very inadequate to the Expence of keeping in proper Repair and Condition the Mansion House of Dale, and the Offices, Pleasure Grounds and Park attached thereto, and of supporting an Establishment suitable to the Size and Circumstances of the said Mansion, and the only other Property of the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas, of any Value, consists of some Plantations and Estates in the Island of Antigua, which yield a fluctuating and precarious Income, and could not at present be sold to Advantage: And whereas the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas, in order to provide for the Payment of the said Mortgage Debt of Thirteen thousand Pounds, secured on his said Estates in or near Madehurst aforesaid, and of certain other pecuniary Engagements to which he is liable, and with a view to the general Benefit of his Family, is desirous of selling his said Estates in or near Madehurst aforesaid, subject to the Interests of the said Dame Sophia [Private.'] 3 q Thomat

246

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 16.

Thomas therein, and is now in treaty for the Sale thereof as an entire Estate upon very advantageous Terms, but he is advised that he cannot make a good Title thereto as an entire Estate, by reason of the Invalidity of the several Exchanges hereinbefore recited, under some of which Parts of the same Estates are held: And whereas the said Estates to which the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas is entitled in or near Madehurst aforesaid, including such Parts thereof as are derived under the said Exchanges between the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, and George White Thomas, and the Estates in or near Tapton, of which the said Inigo Thomas is now in possession as aforesaid, (including such Parts thereof as are held by him under the same Exchanges, and also under the said Exchanges between the same Sir George Thomas and the said George White Thomas, Inigo Thomas, and George Thomas Thomas,) are remote from each other, and form respectively compact Estates; and therefore the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas and Inigo Thomas are mutually desirous that the same several Exchanges should be confirmed, so that the Lands and other Hereditaments now held by the said Inigo Thomas, under the same Exchanges, may continue to go along with the Residue of his said settled Estates in and near Tapton aforesaid, according to the Limitations contained in the said recited Will of the said Sir George Thomas the Grandfather, and so that the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas, as the first Son of the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, and as Heir of the Body of the said Margaret Thomas, may be enabled, with the Concurrence of the said George Hoper, to make a good Title to the Lands and Hereditaments now held by him under the said Exchanges, subject nevertheless to such Rights and Interests as the said Dame Sophia Thomas is or claims to be entitled to, under the said Will of the said Sir George Thomas, her late Husband, (which Rights and Interests the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas is desirous of confirming,) and so that he may be enabled to confirm the said Exchange with the said William Parlett, and the several other Exchanges and the Sales made by his said late Father Sir George Thomas, as aforesaid : And whereas, inasmuch as it cannot now be ascertained what Parts or Proportions of the several Hereditaments so taken in Exchange by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, from the said George White Thomas alone, or from him and the said Inigo Thomas and George Thomas Thomas jointly as aforesaid, are to be considered as having been taken in Exchange in lieu of Parts of the Hereditaments comprized in the said recited Indenture of Settlement of the Twentieth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and what Parts and Proportions of the Hereditaments so taken in Exchange by the same Sir George Thomas are to be considered as having been taken in Exchange in lieu of Parts of the Hereditaments devised by the said Will of the said Walter Sydserfe, he the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas is desirous that the Entirety of the Hereditaments so taken in Exchange as aforesaid should be considered as having been taken in Exchange in lieu of Parts of the Hereditaments comprized in the said Indenture of Settlement, under or by virtue of the Uses therein contained, in which Indenture of Settlement he the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas would now be entitled to be Tenant in Tail in possession of the same Estates, with divers Remainders over, as limited by the same Indenture of Settlement, instead of being Tenant in Tail thereof in Possession, with the immediate Remainder or Reversion to himself in Fee Simple, as would be the Case if the same Estates were considered liable to the Uses of

7 the

247

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. 16.

the said Will of the said Walter Sydserfe: And whereas it would be highly beneficial to all Persons now interested or claiming to be interested in the Hereditaments comprized in or affected by the said Exchanges between the said Sir George Thomas, the Grandson, and George White Thomas, Inigo Thomas, and George Thomas Thomas, as aforesaid, and in particular to the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas and his Family, by enabling him to sell his said Estates in or near Madehurst aforesaid, and thereby to discharge his Debts and improve his Income, if the same Exchanges were confirmed; but by reason of the Infancy of the said Freeman Thomas that Object cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas on behalf of himself, and the said Inigo Thomas on behalf of himself and of his said Infant Sons Freeman Thomas, William Brodrick Thomas, George Pelham Thomas,

Arthur Thomas, and Henry John Thomas, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Exchanges The Ex-so made or purported to be made between the said Sir George Thomas the changes made Grandson, and the said George White Thomas, by the said Indentures of GeeoreenTho‘ the Twentieth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and mas fiie seventy-eight, and the Eleventh Day of April One thousand seven Grandson hundred and eighty-three, and the said Exchanges so made or purported and George to be made between the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, and the said George White Thomas, Inigo Thomas, and George Thomas Thomas as firmed. aforesaid, by the said Two several Indentures of the Twenty-second Day of August One thousand eight hundred as aforesaid, of and concerning the several Messuages, Lands, Tithes, and other Hereditaments in the said Deeds of Exchange respectively comprized, and particularly mentioned in the Schedules to this Act annexed, shall be and the same are hereby ratified and confirmed.

. i ■, ■; j f

II. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the All the Es-passing of this Act, all and singular the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, tates which Tithes, and other Hereditaments, which were conveyed or were purported became ulti-to be conveyed by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, to the said laQelJrVgSted George White Thomas alone, or to him and the said Inigo Thomas and White Tho- George Thomas Thomas jointly, by the said Four several last-mentioned mas, under Indentures or Deeds of Exchange, or any of them, and particularly men- ttl0se Ex". tioned in the First Schedule to this Act annexed, or such of the said ^itedujthe several Hereditaments as the said George White Thomas became ultimately Uses of the entitled to the Possession of, under or by virtue of the said Deeds of Will of Sir Exchange, and of which the said Inigo Thomas or his Assigns is or are now George Tbo-in the Possession or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of, under or Grandfather by virtue of the said Deeds of Exchange, or any of them, with the Rights,

Members, and Appurtenances thereunto respectively belonging, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits of all and singular the same Hereditaments, shall be freed and discharged, and be absolutely acquitted and exonerated of and from all and every the Uses, Trusts, Estates, Limitations, Conditionsj Powers, Provisoes and Declarations, which, by and in the said recited Indenture of Release and Settlement of the Twentieth Day of

February

248

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 10.

February One thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, were limited, created, declared and contained of or concerning the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes and other Hereditaments therein comprized; and also of and from all and every the Uses, Trusts, Estates, Limitations, Conditions, Powers, Provisoes and Declarations, which, in and by the said recited Will of the said Walter Sydserfe, were limited, created, declared and contained of and concerning the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments thereby devised; and also of and from all the Estate, Right and Title of him the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas, as the Heir at Law of the said Walter Sydserfe, or of his Daughter the said Margaret Thomas, in and to the Reversion or Remainder in Fee Simple of and in the said several Hereditaments, and that, so freed, discharged, acquitted and exonerated as aforesaid, the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes and other Hereditaments, to the Possession whereof the said George White Thomas so became entitled under the said Deeds of Exchange as aforesaid, with their respective Appurtenances, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, stand limited and settled, and the same shall go, remain, and be to such Uses, upon such Trusts, and to and for such Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to such Conditions, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, as in and by the said recited Will of the said Sir George Thomasf the Grandfather, were limited, expressed, declared and contained of and concerning such of his Manors and other Hereditaments thereby devised, as were situate in the Western Part of the said County of Sussex, or such of the said Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, as are now subsisting or capable of taking Effect.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all and singular the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes and other Hereditaments, which were conveyed, or were purported to be vested m Sir conveyed either by the said George White Thomas alone, or by him and George Tho- the said Inigo Thomas and George Thomas Thomas jointly, to the said Sir Grandson George Thomas the Grandson, by the said several Four last-mentioned under the Indentures or Deeds of Exchange, or any of them, and particularly men-sameEx- tioned in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, or such of the said

All the Estates which became ultimate! v

changes, limited to the Uses of Walter Sydserfe’s Settlement;

but subject to the Exchanges and

several Hereditaments as the same Sir George Thomas became ultimately entitled to the Possession of, under or by virtue of the same Indentures or Deeds of Exchange, or any of them, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Yearly and other Rents, Issues and Profits of all and singular the same Hereditaments, shall be freed and discharged, and be absolutely acquitted and exonerated of and from all and every the Uses, Trusts, Estates, Limitations, Conditions, Powers, Provisoes and Declarations, which, by and in the said recited Will of the said Sir George Thomas, the Grandfather, were limited, created, declared and contained, of or concerning all or any of the Manors and other Hereditaments thereby devised, and that, so freed, discharged, acquitted and exonerated, the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes and other Hereditaments so taken in Exchange by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson as aforesaid, with their respective Appurtenances, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, stand limited and settled, and the same shall go, remain and be, (but nevertheless, as to such Parts of the same several Hereditaments as were afterwards conveyed by the

- said

4° GEORGII IV J

249

said Sir George Thomas, the Grandson, to the said William Parlett, in Sales made of Exchange, by the said recited Indentures of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth;

Days of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, subject and>

Sir George

without prejudice to the Estate, Right, and Interest of the said William Thomas, ami Parlett, his Heirs and Assigns, therein, under or by virtue of the same to the Rights Deeds of Exchange; and as to such other Parts of the said several Here*: p^xhomas, ditaments so taken in Exchange by the same Sir George Thomas, as were fmdtheMort-afterwards conveyed by him in Exchange to any other Person or Persons, gagee in the or as were sold by the same Sir George Thomas to any Person or Persons Residue as aforesaid, subject and without prejudice to the respective Estates, thereof-Rights, and Interests of the several Persons to or in Trust for whom the same Sir George Thomas so conveyed any of the same Hereditaments in Exchange, or by way of Sale, and of the respective Heirs and Assigns o£ such Persons; and as to all and singular other the Messuages, Lands,.

Tithes, and other Hereditaments so taken in Exchange by the said Siiv George Thomas, the Grandson, as aforesaid, as were not so afterwards conveyed by him in Exchange, or by way of Sale as aforesaid, with their respective Appurtenances, subject and without prejudice to such Estate,

Right, and Interest which the said Dame Sophia Thomas hath or can or may claim in, to, or out of the same, or any Part thereof, under or by virtue of the Settlement referred to in the said Will of the said Sir George Thomas, the Grandson, or under or by virtue of the said Will or other? wise; and subject also and without prejudice to the Estate and Interest of the said George Hoper in the said Residue of the said Hereditaments, oicin some Parts thereof, under or by virtue of the said Mortgage Security $p vested in him as aforesaid for the said Two Sums, amounting together Thirteen thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof,) to such Uses, upon such Trusts, and to and for such Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to such Conditions, Powers, Provisoes, Declarations and Agreements as in and by the said recited Indenture of Release and Settlement of the Twentieth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, were limited, expressed, cieclared and contained of and concerning the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and other Hereditaments therein comprized, or such of the said Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, Powers,

Provisoes, Declarations and Agreements, as are now subsisting or capable of taking effect. V/52

to > >mui9bnl oni£2 erh io . • ,u srb ct rabiino othsjiini

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Sir William for the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas, at any Time after the Lewis George passing of this Act, by such Deed or Deeds as shall be deemed requisite, able^of bb to grant and convey the Messuages, Lands, Tithes, ami other Heredita- seif to make" ments, by this Act limited to the Uses of the said Indenture of Settlement a Tenant to of the Twentieth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and fifty- the PrccjPe nine, (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid,) unto jany Person Or cLmon'^ Persons, and the Heirs of such Person or Persons, in order that such Person covery to bar or Persons may become Tenant or Tenants to the Precipe for a common the Entail Recovery or common Recoveries to be suffered of the same Hereditaments cr?ated by by the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas, for the Purpose of barring the Remain* and destroying all Estates Tail, and all Remainders and Reversions the^e- ders over in' upon expectant and depending, of and in the same Messuages, Lands, the Estates Tithes and other Hereditaments under or by virtue of; this Act, or the limited to the Uses contained in the said Indenture of Settlement, and to which the same are herein-before made liable, and such common Recovery or common ment, and to bwi [Private."] 3 Recoveries, confirm the

SflJ 11/.

rfoidw -III 6 01*330’

yhums*

OtlS 1b

250

Exchanges and Sales made by the late Sir George Thomas of Parts thereof, and to limit the Rest, subject to Lady Sophia Thomas’s Claims, and the Claims of the Mortgagee, to himself in Fee.

4° GEORGII IV. 16.

Recoveries, when so suffered, shall be valid and effectual to bar and destroy all such Estates Tail, and ail Remainders and Reversions thereupon expectant and depending of and in the same Premises, notwithstanding the several Persons claiming any legal or other Estate and Interest in the same Premises, or any Part thereof, under or by virtue of the said Exchange made by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson with the said William Parlett, or of the said other Exchanges, and the said Sales so made by the same Sir George Thomas of Parts of the same Premises as aforesaid, or the said Dame Sophia Thomas, in respect of her Estate and Interest as aforesaid, or the said George Hoper, as Mortgagee as aforesaid, or his Heirs or Assigns, shall not concur in the Conveyance or Conveyances to be executed for the Purpose of making the Tenant or Tenants to the Precipe for such common Recovery or Recoveries as aforesaid, and that such common Recovery and common Recoveries, when so suffered as aforesaid, shall respectively operate and enure as to such of the Hereditaments therein to be comprized as were conveyed or purported to be conveyed in Exchange by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson to the said William Parlett, by the said recited Indentures of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Days of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, and as to such other Parts of the Hereditaments to be comprized in such common Recovery or common Recoveries as were granted, conveyed, or purported to be granted and conveyed in Exchange by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson to any other Person or Persons, or sold and conveyed or purported to be sold and conveyed by him to any Person or Persons for a valuable Consideration to the Use of the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas, his Heirs and Assigns, to the Intent’ and Purpose that he or they shall and may by such Conveyances and Assurances as the Counsel of the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas, or his Heirs, and of the said William Parlett, his Heirs or Assigns, and other the Persons claiming Title to the Hereditaments so conveyed in Exchange, and sold by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, as last aforesaid, under or by virtue of such Exchanges and Sales, shall respectively advise or require for the Purpose of confirming all such last-mentioned Exchanges and Sales, and in order that the Hereditaments and Premises so conveyed in Exchange and sold by the said Sir George Thomas as aforesaid may be held and enjoyed by the Person or Persons to whom the said Premises were so conveyed in Exchange and sold as aforesaid, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, or other the Person and Persons deriving Title by, from, through, or under them, or any of them, in such and the same Manner in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson had, at the respective Periods of making or purporting to make such Exchanges and Sales as aforesaid, been seized in Fee Simple in Possession of the Hereditaments and Premises so by him conveyed or purported to be conveyed in Exchange, or by way of Sale as aforesaid, and that such common Recovery and common Recoveries, when so suffered as aforesaid, shall respectively operate and enure, as to such of the Hereditaments therein to be comprized as were not so conveyed by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, in Exchange or by way of Sale as aforesaid, with their respective Appurtenances, in the First Place for corroborating and confirming the several Estates, Rights, and Interests of her the said Dame Sophia Thomas under or by virtue of the Settlement referred to in the said Will of the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, or tinder or by virtue of his said Will, or otherwise, and also the Estate and Interest

7 of

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. 16. 251

of the said George Hoper, his Heirs and Assigns, under or by virtue of the said Mortgage Securities for the said Sums, amounting together to lhir-teen thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof, and subject and without Prejudice to such Estates, Rights, and Interests as aforesaid, to the Use of the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, or to such other Uses as he or they shall direct.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Inigo Relief in Fa-Thomas, or any other Person or Persons lawfully or equitably claiming or v]0l?r those to claim under or by virtue of this Act, or of any of the Limitations un(jer the contained in the said recited Will of the said Sir George Thomas the Will of Sir Grandfather, shall at any Time hereafter, without his or their wilful George Tho-Default, be lawfully evicted or turned out of the Possession of the Mes- ^*nt^ther suages, Lands, Tithes, and other Hereditaments hereby limited to the incaSeof Uses of the said Will, or any Part thereof, by any Person or Persons law- Eviction, fully or equitably claiming or to claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest in, to, or out of the same Premises, so as to be in anywise prevented

or hindered from holding and enjoying the same Hereditaments, or any of them, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Inigo Thomas, or other the Person or Persons who shall be so lawfully evicted or turned out of Possession as aforesaid, to enter into and upon the said Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and other Hereditaments hereby limited to the Uses of the said Indenture of Settlement of the Twentieth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, or any of them, and to hold and enjoy the same, and receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof, in such and the same Manner, and to, for, and upon such and the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, as he, she, or they might or could have done if this Act had not been passed, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

, j&ify i* ATyrti H , ' ..T "^4)

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said Sir Relief in Fa-William Lewis George Thomas, or any other Person or Persons lawfully vo"r rfthose or equitably claiming or to claim under or by virtue of this Act, or of undT^the any of the Limitations contained in the said recited Indenture of Settle- Settlement ment of the Twentieth Day of February One thousand seven hundred of Walter and fifty-nine, or any Person or Persons lawfully or equitably claiming or of^ 10 to claim under or by virtue of any of the Conveyances, either by way of Eviction. Exchange or Sale, so made by the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson,

of Parts of the Hereditaments taken by him in Exchange from the said George White Thomas, Inigo Thomas, and George Thomas Thojnas, or any of them as aforesaid, or under or by virtue of the said Settlement referred to in the said Will of the said Sir George Thomas the Grandson, or under or by virtue of his said Will, or under or by virtue of the said Mortgage Security so vested in the said George Hoper as aforesaid, shall, at any Time hereafter, without his, her, or their wilful Default, be lawfully evicted or turned out of the Possession of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes and other Hereditaments hereby limited, subject as aforesaid to the Uses of the said recited Indenture of Settlement of the Twentieth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, or any Part thereof by any Person or Persons lawfully or equitably claiming or to claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest in, to, or out of the same Premises, so as to be in anywise prevented or hindered from holding and enjoying5 the same

252 4* GEORGII IV. 16.

jtobidt biiM bdii&Ui vcbidii Liila*

same Hereditaments respectively, or any of them, according to the true

Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas, or other the Person or Persons who shall be so lawfully evicted or turned out of Possession as last aforesaid, to enter into and upon the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and other Hereditaments hereby limited to the Uses of the said Will of the said Sir George Thomas the Grandfather, or any of them, and to hold and enjoy the same, and receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof, in such and the same Manner, and to, for, and upon such Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, as he, she, or they might or could have done if this Act had not been passed, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Expencas of

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and the Act to be Expences of making Surveys, Plans, Admeasurements, and Valuations of William^ severa^ Lands and other Hereditaments limited and settled by this Act, Lewis George and of preparing and obtaining this Act, and all other Expences incident Thomas. thereto, shall be wholly paid and borne by the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas, his Executors or Administrators, out of his or their own proper Monies.

General Sav- VIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs *ng* and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies

Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators respectively, (other than and except the said Sir William Lewis George Thomas and the Issue of his Body, and the Second and every other younger Son of the said Sir William Thomas deceased, by the said Margaret his Wife, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and the Daughter and Daughters of the said Sir William Thomas, by the said Margaret his Wife, and the Heirs of her and their Body and respective Bodies, and the Heirs of the Body of the said Margaret Thomas, and the right Heirs of the said Walter Sydserfe, and the Trustee for preserving contingent Remainders named in the said Indenture of Settlement of the Twentieth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and his Heirs and Assigns, but nevertheless in respect only of such Estates, Rights, and Interests as are barred and extinguished by this Act; and save and except the said Inigo Thomas, and the First and every other Son of the said Inigo Thomas, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of such Son and Sons, and the said George Thomas Thomas, and the First and every other Son of the said George Thomas Thomas, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of such Son and Sons, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the said Marget Freeman, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of such Son and Sons, and the respective Heirs of the Bodies of the said Lydia White, Elizabeth Thomas, and Marget Freeman, and the right Heirs of the said Sir George Thomas the Grandfather, and the Trustees named in the said Will of the same Sir George Thomas, to preserve contingent Remainders, and their Heirs and Assigns, and all other Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, under or by virtue of the said Indenture of Release and Settlement of the Twentieth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and the said Wills of the said Walter Sydserfe and Sir George Thomas the Grandfather, or any of them, in, to, or out of the several Messuages.

4 GEORGII IV. Cap. 16.

Lands, Tithes, and other Hereditaments, hereby limited and settled as aforesaid), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the several Messuages, Lands, Tithes, and other Hereditaments, so hereby limited and settled as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, as they or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, enjoyed, or been entitled to, in case this Act had not been passed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Evidence several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to Clause, print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges,

Justices, and others.

1900

[Private.] 3 # SCHF,

i 1 52 f i 1,

O ttg «M£3

254 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 16.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

The FIRST SCHEDULE referred to by this Act, containing a Description of the Estates conveyed to the said George White Thomas alone, or to him and the said Inigo Thomas and George Thomas Thomas jointly, by the Deeds of Exchange of the Twentieth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and the Eleventh Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and the Two Deeds of Exchange of the Twenty-second Day of August One thousand eight hundred, severally recited in this Act.

In the Deed of the 20th Day of December 1778.

Description. Parishes. Quantities.

The Ford Field, in the Occupation of Charles ' Billingshurst -Another Field, in the Occupation of Henry Murrell In the New Barn Field, in the Occupation of said Charles Billingshurst -In a Field of Three Acres, in the Occupation of the said Henry Murrell -In the East Town Mead, in the Occupation of the said Joseph Billingshurst -Other Land in the Occupation of the said Joseph Billingshurst - The Rail Croft, then in the Occupation of the said George White Thomas -In the Rookery, and in the Occupation of the said George White Thomas - > Yapton and Walberton. — L. A. R. P. 5 3 2 — 5 8

A. 31 2 —

In the Deed of the nth Day of April 1783.

Yapton. | 14 -

Quantity of the Lands, 14 1 —

The

The East Town Field In Barns Croft

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 16.

255

The Tithes of the following Lands; videlicet,

Description. Parishes. Quantities.

An Orchard belonging to John Chatfield A. R. P. r- -

Newman’s Croft, belonging to Mr. Thomas Boniface - 4 2 —

The Warmare Piece of Land, belonging to Mrs. Ann Billingshurst ...

The Land, near John Sansons, belonging to Mr. Thomas Boniface - J

The Land called the Medway, belonging to Henry Blackman -Dyer’s Croft, in the Occupation of Mrs. Anne Billingshurst - - 1 3 —

The Five Acres Field, in the Occupation of ditto 2 2

In the Round Ten Acres Field, in the Occupation of ditto - - ,

Two Fields near John Lockes, in the Occupation of ditto - io

The Rickman’s Field, in the Occupation of ditto < -

A Field called Denger’s Hole, in the Occupation of ditto - - 2 2 —

The Two Acres Field by Dyer’s Croft, in the Occupation of ditto - ) Yapton. / 2 2

Some Pieces of Land called The Hams, in the Occupation of William Gibbes 2

The Twelve Acres by the Barn, in the Occupation of ditto - - 6

The Ten Acres by the Drove Lane, in the Occupation of ditto -

The Hog Croft, in the Occupation of John Murrell - __

A Field belonging to Bonham, Esquire

The Twelve Acres Field before the House, in the Occupation of William Billingshurst . - 5

A Piece of Land called Sayes Hole, being Three Fields, in the Occupation of ditto 9 ~ —

A Field called Chalcroft Lane, in the Occupation of ditto - - 4 2 —

A Field called Drove Lane, in the Occupation of ditto - - i -

Some Pieces of Land near Drove Lane and Hams Lane, in the Occupation of ditto 8

Some Pieces of Land belonging to Mrs. Ann Billingshurst called Three Acres, and the Round Ten Acres - 21 —

•H J V

A Farm

256 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 16.

Description.

A Farm and Lands in the Tithing of Bilsham, in the Occupation of William Cousins, belonging to the said George White Thomas, and all other the Lands and Premises in the Tithing of Bilsham, except the Tithes of Two Acres of Land belonging to Richard Coote, and of the Farm and Lands in the Occupation of William Boniface, belonging to the Earl Newburgh

Parishes.

Quantities.

A. R. P.

Yapton.

Total

104 —

In the first recited Deed of the 2 2d Day of August 1800.

The Barn Field, in the Occupation of Charles Billingshurst -

A Piece of Land, called the Rockings, in the Occupation of ditto -

The Barns Croft -

A Piece of Land lying between the Lands of Mrs.

Gibbes and Mrs. Murrel Land called Northup -

Land called Northend -

And also the Tithes of the said Lands, and also the Tithes of him the said Sir George Thomas, of Two Acres of Land at Bilsham, belonging to Mr. Joseph Coote.

r

Yapton.

A# R. P. 14

1 —

3il

2 -

JiisriD bisa

afeoT srf? n: asmoriT

25

In the secondly recited Deed of the 22d Day of August 1800.

Climping. J

The Tithes of a Farm and Lands in the Occupation ) of Joseph Coote - )

The Tithes of Ten Acres of Land, called West Stone Field, in the Occupation of Charles Billingshurst -

Of Sansoms Croft -

And of Six Acres called Tacklee, in the Occupa- }> tion of John Boniface - ...

And also the Tithes of Two Acres of Land in Grevatt Lane, in the Occupation of Joseph Coote -

Yapton.

a. r. p.

10

9

6

27

Extracted from and compared with the original Deeds.

Jno. G.

The

4° GEORGII IV. 16.

ilunuaw

257

oo;

Th

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act, containing a Description of the Estates conveyed to the said Sir George Thomas, the Grandson, by the Deeds of Exchange of the 20th Day of December 1778, and the nth Day of^April 1783, and the Two Deeds of Exchange of the 22d Day of Augusth8oo, severally recited in this Act.

ii& bflfi

ffctqsY j< '

In the Deed of the 20th Day of December 1778.

■ eid 'O' ?. ;r £il3i.«i

Description.

The Clover Crofts, in the Occupation of Henry Murrell -

The Wood Crofts -

In a Field of Three Acres in the Occupation of Henry Murrell - The Pin Croft, in the Occupation of Charles Bib lingshurst - *

One other Piece of Land in the Occupation of the said Charles Billingshurst -

One other Piece of Land in the Occupation of the said Charles Billingshurst -

One other Piece of Land in the Occupation of the said Charles Billingshurst A Piece of Wood Land, called Heberden Wood, in the Possession of the said George White Thomas -

- J

)d,

ite >

Parishes.

Quantities.

Y apton. and Walberton.

.sruM , n

Madehurst. <^20 -

A. R. v.

-2 —

!£ etdddiO I *r — itoiiso ba*., 5 — — 8drinT shi

iM

39 2 —

In the Deed of the 1 ith Day of April 1783.

The Shelbridge and Heberden Coppices A Piece of Land called Barns Croft The Furze Croft - A Piece of Land called the Champs, Part of Barnham Farm, in the Occupation of William > Cousins - - j < ‘fiqtJDDO 3(li tti f99Di: Quantity of the Land exclusive of the Shelbridge and Heberden Coppice, the Quantity of which is not specified in the Deed - •mm Madehurst. Yapton. Walberton. /- sT hdlkr- rjf r vl lo 25 • 0^1/ .7-1 L J, — i — -■' ’> .!>:' i. \ iO to bnA • I ionob 0 HB fa lift

2 «

j J

•abwfl isnigiio 9d3 iJj [Private,}

3 t

-■ ti i- 'C' 5i| j fj

The

2 58

4" GEORGII IV. CapM.

The Tithes of the following Lands; videlicet,

Description.

Yapton.

A Piece of Land called the Fourteen Acres A Piece of Land near John Gibbes Farm A Piece of Land called Femmans A Piece of Land opposite the House in the Occupation of John Gibbes -

The Pond Field by Barnham Road Five Fields called the Denges -A Piece of Land called Rockins -

A Croft near the House of William Nash - }>

Three Fields called Westups -

Two Fields called the Little Hams and the Great Hams -

A Piece of Land called the Twelve Acres A Croft near the House of John Grey

All in the Occupation of Zaccheus Staker as Tenant to the said Sir George Thomas.

The Tithes also of the following Fields; videlicet,

Two Acres of Land belonging to Richard Coote in the Tithing of Bilsham -

A Farm and Lands in Bilsham, in the Occupation of William Boniface, as Tenant to the Earl Newburgh.

Total Quantity of the Tithes In the first recited Deed of the 22d Day of August 1800.

Parishes.

Quantities.

A. R.

I I 3

I I —

2 —

8 3

— 2

6 —

2 —

1 2

11 2

J3 —

9 2

— 3

A Piece of Land called the New Barn Field, in J the Occupation of Mr. Benjamin Staker - J A Piece of Land called Lake Yapton. Walberton. 20 -

25

In the secondly recited Deed of the 22d Day of August 1800.

The Tithes of a Farm and Lands in the Occupa-

tion of Mr. John Boniface - 1 Yapton.

And of the Pink Croft, belonging to ditto, con- [ taining - J

6

Extracted from and compared with the Original Deeds.

Jno. G. Blake.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

10

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 17-

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Right Honourable Henry Hall Viscount Gage, and the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Chichester, of Estates in the County of Sussex.

[17th June 1823.]

WHEREAS by Indenture of Lease, with Livery of Seisin indorsed, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of February last past, and made between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Chichester, of the one Part, and the Right Honourable Henry Hall Viscount Gage, of the other Part, the said Dean and Chapter, as well in consideration that all former Leases granted by the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church aforesaid, of the Parsonage Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments therein-after described and intended to be thereby demised, had been in due Form of Law surrendered up to the said now Dean and Chapter, and for other Considerations therein expressed, did demise unto the said Viscount Gage all that the Parsonage of Firle otherwise West Firle in the County of Sussex, with all and singular the Tenements, Gardens, Gaterooms, Barns, and other Edifices, Glebe Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Feedings, Tithes, Tenths, Oblations, Obventions, Emoluments, Rents, Casualties, Profits, Commodities, and Advantages, with the Appurtenances whatsoever to the said Parsonage belonging, and more particularly mentioned in the Terrier or Survey thereunder written; except and always reserved out of the said Demise and Grant unto the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors, all Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Rents, Profits, Commodities, and Appurtenances whatsoever. Parcel of or belonging to the Parsonage aforesaid, which were not particularly mentioned in the said Terrier or Survey; and also except and reserved the Advowson and Presentation to the Vicarage of the Church of Firle otherwise West Firle aforesaid, when and so often as the same should be void; to hold the same with the Appurtenances [Private.] 3 u o (except

Lease for Three Lives of the Parsonage of Firle, dated 20th Feb. 1823, recited.

262

Lease for 21 Years of Lands at Firle, dated 20th Feb.

1823,recited.

That Viscount Gage is seised in Fee of Fris-ton and Crowlink, and Exceit Farms.

4° GEORGIJL IV. Cap.\7.

(except as therein-before is excepted) unto the said Viscount Gage, his Heirs and Assigns, for and during the natural Lives of John Tilson of fPat-lington Park in the County of Oxford, Esquire, of Mary Chowne Marsh, Wife of the Reverend Marsh, then or late of Busledon

in the County of Berks, and of him the said Viscount Gage, and for and during the natural Lives and Life of the longest Livers and Liver of them, at and under the yearly Rent of Thirty-one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four-pence, payable unto the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors, and subject to the Covenants and Agreements in the said Indenture of Lease contained, and on the Part of the said Viscount Gage, his Heirs and Assigns, to be kept and performed: And whereas by Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the said Twentieth Day of February last, and made between the said Dean and Chapter of the one Part, and the said Viscount Gage of the other Part, the said Dean and Chapter, in consideration that all former Leases granted by the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church aforesaid, of the Lands therein-after described and intended to be thereby demised, had been surrendered up to the said then Dean and Chapter, and for other the Considerations therein expressed, did demise unto the said Viscount Gage all those their (the said Dean and Chapter’s) Eleven Acres and One Rood of Arable and Pasture Land; whereof Seven Acres and the Rood of Land, Parcel of the said Eleven Acres and One Rood, being also Parcel of the Glebe Lands belonging to the Parsonage of West Firle in the County of Sussex, did lie and are within the Parish of West Firle, in One Furlong there, called Smede Furlong; and Five Acres of the said Seven Acres did lie together and did bound upon a Parcel of Ground of Nine Acres, formerly belonging to Sir John Gage, on the South Part, and upon Two Acres, formerly the said Sir John Gage's Land, on the North Part, and abutted upon the Drove Way there on the West Part; and One Acre and the said Rood of Land did lie in the same Furlong to the Lands sometime past of John Mascol on the South Part, and the Lands formerly of the said Sir John 1 Gage on the North Part, and abutted upon the Drove Way aforesaid on the West; and One other Close or Parcel of the said Seven Acres did lie between the Lands formerly of the said Sir John Gage on the South Part, and the King’s Highway there leading East and West on the North Part; and Four Acres of Pasture Land, Residue of the said Eleven Acres, did lie and were together at Exceit in the said County of Sussex, within a Close or Field there called Allcombe, abutting upon a Parcel of Land of Eight Acres, called Pevorells, formerly belonging to Sir Thomas West Knight, Lord De la Warr, on the North Part, and to the South Down on the West Part and on the South Part, and to Chalk Bridge on the East Part; to hold the same unto the said Viscount Gage, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the First Day of August then and now last past, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years thenceforth next ensuing, under the yearly Rent of Eleven Shillings and Three-pence, payable unto the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, and subject to the Covenants and Agreements in the same Indenture of Lease contained, and on the Part of the said William Hall Viscount Gage, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to be kept and performed: And whereas the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage is seised in Fee Simple in possession, free from Incumbrances, of the Farm or Farms of Frifton and Crowlink, situate in the Parish of Frifton in the County of Sussex, and of the Farm of Exceate otherwise Exceit, situate in the Parish or Hamlet of Exceit in the same County: And whereas the said Parsonage, Glebe Lands, Tithes, and other Hereditaments, demised by the said first recited Indenture of Lease, and / 6 " - also

263

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 17.

also the Lands demised by the said secondly recited Indenture of Lease* with the Exception of the said Piece of Pasture Land at Excek aforesaid, in the same Lease mentioned to contain Four Acres, (but which by recent Admeasurement is found to contain Four Acres and Three Roods, and is known by the Name of Wainhouse Field), lie contiguous to the Capital Messuage or Mansion House of Firle, and other Estates of the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, at or near West Firle, and are much more convenient to beheld therewith than the said Farms of Frifton, Crowlink, and Exceate otherwise Exceit: And whereas the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage and the said Dean and Chapter are desirous that the said Parsonage, Glebe Lands* Tithes, and other Hereditaments demised by the said first recited Indenture of Lease, and of which the said Dean and Chapter are seised for an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, subject to the same Lease, (and which Parsonage Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments are particularly described in the First Part of the First Schedule to this Act), should be exchanged for the said Farms of Frifton and Crowlink, and also for the said Farm of Exceate otherwise Exceit; with the Exception of a Piece or Parcel of Land containing Four Acres or thereabouts, being now or late Part of the Cow Down belonging to the said last mentioned Farm, and of another Piece or Parcel of Land containing Two Acres or thereabouts, being Part of a Piece or Parcel of Land called The Hog Brook, also belonging to the said last mentioned Farm; which Three several Farms (with the Exception of the said Two Pieces or Parcels of Land containing respectively Four Acres and Two Acres), are particularly described in the First Part of the Second Schedule to this Act; and that the Lands demised by the said secondly recited Indenture of Lease, and of which the said Dean and Chapter are also seised for an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, subject to the same Lease, with the Exception of the said Piece of Land situate at Exceit aforesaid, and mentioned in the same Lease to contain Four Acres, (which Lands so demised by the said last mentioned Lease, with the Exception last aforesaid, are particularly described in the Second Part of the First Schedule to this Act, and which Piece of Land, so excepted as last aforesaid, it is proposed should continue the Estate of the said Dean and Chapter, subject to the said last mentioned Lease), should be exchanged for the said Two Pieces of Land containing together Six Acres, and being respectively Parts of the Exceit Cow Down and of the said Piece of Land called Hog Brook, and which are near to and are convenient to be held with the said Piece of Land stated in the said last mentioned Lease to contain Four Acres, and are particularly mentioned in the Second Part of the said Second Schedule; and that the said Farms of Frifton and Crowlink, and also the said Farm of Exceate otherwise Exceit, except such Parts thereof as aforesaid, should remain in the Possession of and be limited to the Use of the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs and Assigns, during the Lives of the Persons who are named as Cestui que vies in the said first recited Indenture of Lease,1 and the Lives and Life of the Survivors and Survivor of them, at and under the like Yearly Rent and subject to the like Provisoes, Covenants, and Agreements as the said Parsonage, Tithes, Lands, and Hereditaments demised by the same Indenture of Lease are now subject to under or by virtue of the same Indenture of Lease; and that the said Two Pieces of Land containing together Six Acres, being respectively Parts of the Exceit Cow Down and of the said Piece of Land called Hog Brook, should remain in the Possession of and be limited to the Use of the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the like Term of Years as is now to come and unexpired in the said Lands and Hereditaments

264

Parsonage of West Firle and Lands described in the First Schedule, limited to Viscount Gage in Fee Simple

Part of the Lands described in the Second Schedule vested in

4° GEORGII IV. 17.

ditaments demised by the said secondly recited Indenture of Lease; and that the said Two Pieces of Land, containing together Six Acres, together with the said Piece of Land at Exceit, in the said last mentioned Lease stated to contain Four Acres, should be held at and under the like yearly Rent, and subject to the like Provisoes, Covenants, and Agreements afc the said Lands and Hereditaments, demised by the said last mentioned Indenture of Lease, are now subject to under or by virtue of the same Indenture : And whereas such Exchange would be advantageous to the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors, inasmuch as the Lands and other Hereditaments, so proposed to be given to them by the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage in exchange, are of greater Value than the said Lands and other Hereditaments so proposed to be given by them to the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage in exchange as aforesaid, but such Exchange cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage and the said Dean and Chaper on behalf of themselves and their Successors, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that the Parsonage of Firle otherwise West Firle in the County of Sussex, with all and singular the Tenements, Gardens, Gate-rooms, Barns, and other Edifices, Glebe Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Feedings, Tithes, Tenths, Oblations, Obventions, Emoluments, Rents, Casualties, Profits, Commodities, and Advantages, with the Appurtenances whatsoever to the said Parsonage belonging (save and except the said Piece or Parcel of Land at Exceit, mentioned in the said secondly recited Lease to contain Four Acres, and save also and exceptr the Advowson of the Vicarage of the Church of Firle otherwise West Firle aforesaid), and which Parsonage, Glebe Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments, except as aforesaid, are described in the First and Second Parts of the First Schedule to this Act annexed, and the Freehold and Inheritance of the said several Hereditaments in Fee Simple, (except as before excepted), and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof respectively, shall, immediately from and after the passing of this Act, be settled upon and limited to, and the same are hereby settled upon and limited to the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted and exonerated of, from, and against all Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever of the said Dean and Chapter or their Successors, into, from, out of, or upon the same several Hereditaments or any Part thereof; and also of and from all charitable or other Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, for and on the Behalf of the said Dean and Chapter, and for any other Person or Persons, or any other Purpose or Purposes whatsoever, to, upon, or subject to which the said Parsonage, Tithes, Lands, and other Hereditaments are or were held by the said Dean and Chapter at or immediately before the Time of the passing of this Act, but subject to the repairing from Time to Time and for ever hereafter, of the Chancel of the Church of Firle otherwise West Firle aforesaid.

"iili fi; bnii ^.bflJsT •£')Q£2J£&u1y1

IL. And be it further enacted, That the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, described in the First Part of the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, shall, immediately after the passing of this Act, be settled upon and vested in, and the same are hereby from henceforth settled upon fnortJiw % } 1 anc[

4tt GEORGII IV. Cap. 17. 265

and vested in the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, His Heirs and Assigns, the for and during the Lives of the Persons who are named as Cestui quevies, °ained in the said first herein recited Indenture of Lease, and the Lives and Life in the Free-of the Survivors and Survivor of them, at and under the like yearly hold Lease, Rent, to be paid to the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, and subject to the like Provisoes, Covenants, and Agreements (so far as him for the the same are applicable), as were reserved and contained in and by the Term to come same Indenture of Lease; and the said Dean and Chapter, and their Sue- in the Chattel cessors, shall have such and the same Actions, Suits, Powers, and Reme- Lease and dies for enforcing the Payment of the said Rent, and the Observance ^o.^heRe-and Performance of the said Covenants and Agreements, as they would verSion in Fee have had or been entitled to, if they had been the Owners of the said of the whole Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments, and had granted a Lease Ysled !"dthe thereof to the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs and Assigns, for such Term, and under and subject to such Rent, Provisoes, Covenants, and Agreements; and that the Lands described in the Second Part of the said Second Schedule, with their Appurtenances, shall immediately after the passing of this Act be settled upon and vested in, and the same are hereby from henceforth settled upon and vested in the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Executors and Administrators, for and during such Term of Years as is or shall be equal to so much and such Part of the Term of Twenty-one Years, created by the secondly herein-before recited Indenture of Lease, in the Lands and Hereditaments thereby demised, as will then remain unexpired; and that such Lands, together with the said Piece of Land at Exceit, in the said last mentioned Lease mentioned to contain Four Acres, shall be held in like Manner, and subject to the like annual Rent to be paid to the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, and subject to the like Provisoes, Covenants, and Agreements (so far as the same are applicable), as are reserved and contained in and by the said last mentioned Indenture of Lease; and the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, shall have such and the same Actions, Suits,

Powers, and Remedies for enforcing the Payment of the said last mentioned Rent, and the Observance and Performance of the said last mentioned Covenants and Agreements, as they would have had or been entitled to, if they had been the Owners of the Lands and other Hereditaments comprised in the said Second Part of the said Second Schedule, and had granted a Lease thereof to the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns for such Term, and under and subject to such Rent, Provisoes, Covenants, and Agreements, as last aforesaid; and that all and singular the Lands and Hereditaments comprised in the said Second Schedule, with their Appurtenances, and the Reversion and Inheritance thereof respectively in Fee Simple, shall, from and immediately after the Expiration of the said Terms and Estates so vested in the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage therein respectively by this Act, and in the meantime subject thereto, be settled upon and vested in the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors for ever, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted and exonerated, of, from, and against all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs and Assigns, in, to, from, out of, or upon the same Premises, or any Part thereof; and that the said Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments described in the First Part of the said Second Schedule (subject and without Prejudice to the Term, Estate, and Interest of the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs and Assigns, therein by virtue of this Act), and the said Lands and Hereditaments described in the Second Part of the said Second Schedule (subject and [Private•] 3 without

266

4° GEORGII IV. 17.

without Prejudice to the Term, Estate, and Interest oi the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, therein by virtue of this Act), shall for ever hereafter be held by the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors, to, for, upon, and subject to such and the same charitable or other Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, as the said Parsonage Land, Tithes, and other Hereditaments described respectively in the First and Second Parts of the said First Schedule, and so given in exchange by the said Dean and Chapter as aforesaid, were or ought respectively to be held to, for, upon, or subject to, at the Time of or immediately before the passing of this Act.

Indemnity

III. And whereas Sir William Gage Baronet, long since deceased, by a Renter Codicil to his Will, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of January One of50/ drSe thousand seven hundred and thirty-seven, gave to John Board Esquire a yearly Rent-charge of Fifty Pounds, chargeable upon all his Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments: And whereas it does not appear that any Payment has been made on account of the said Rent-charge, or any Claim made in respect thereof, since the Death of the said Sir William Gage, and although it is presumed, that the Hereditaments charged with the said Rent-charge have been released therefrom, yet no Evidence of such Release can be produced : Be it therefore further enacted, That if at any Time or Times hereafter, any Action, Suit, Claim, or Demand shall be brought against or made upon the said Dean and Chapter, or their Successors, or their Lessee or Lessees for the Time being, of the Lands and Hereditaments described in the said Second Schedule to this Act, or any of them, or a ny Entry made into or upon the same Lands and Hereditaments, or any of them, by the Heirs or Assigns of the said John Board, or by any Person or Persons claiming by, from, through, or under him or them in respect of the said Rent-charge of Fifty Pounds, and the said Dean and Chapter or their Successors, or their Lessee or Lessees, shall in consequence of any such Action, Suit, Claim, Demand, or Entry, be obliged to pay or allow the said Rent-charge, or any Sum or Sums of Money on account thereof, or shall sustain any other Damage by reason of any such Action, Suit, Claim, Demand, or Entry, or incur any Costs in defending or prosecuting any Action or Suit, or other legal Proceeding on account thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, and their Lessee or Lessees from Time to Time, or at any Time, to enter into or upon the Lands and other Hereditaments comprised in the First Schedule to this Act, and to distrain for so much of the said Rent-charge as the said Dean and Chapter, or their Successors, or their Lessee or Lessees, shall or may be so obliged to pay, or shall so allow the Payment of, together with all such Damages and Costs as aforesaid, and the Costs of making such Distress, in such and the same Manner as Landlords are by Law entitled in case of Distress taken for Rent in Arrear, on common Demise; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Power of

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Lands, Tene-Entry on ments, or other Hereditaments respectively, herein-before vested and taken

o^IMctic^nSC *n exchanSe as aforesaid, shall at any Time or Times hereafter be law-o vie ion. evicted or taken out of the Possession of the Person or Persons,

Bodies and Body Politic and Corporate, his or their respective Successors,

Heirs, or Assigns, in or upon whom or to whose Use the same Premises

are, by or by virtue of this Act respectively, vested, settled, of limited

by any Right or Title precedent to the passing of this Act, then and from

5 thence-

4° GEORGII IV,

thenceforth it shall be lawful for the said Body Corporate, and eVefry the Person and Persons, and his or their Successors, Heirs, or Assigns respectively, out of whose Possession such Premises sh'atll be lawfully evicted or taken away, immediately after such Eviction or taking away of the Possession of the said Premises respectively, to enter into and upon the Lands or other Hereditaments respectively hereby vested, settled, or limited in lieu of and in exchange for the said Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be lawfully taken away, and the same to have, hold, and enjoy again as in his or their first and former Estate, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this present Act had not been passed; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

ii it.> i-L .A \'x-. -*> - w - .U

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex- Costs of the pences of making Surveys, Admeasurements, and Valuations of the several A<:t to be Lands, Tithes, and other Hereditaments respectively described in the Sche- viscount dules to this Act, and also of preparing and obtaining this Act, and all Gage, other Expences incident thereto, shall be wholly borne and paid by the said Henry Hall Viscount Gagey out of his own proper Monies.

VI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and General Successors, and to all and every Persons and Person, Bodies and Body ^avlnS-Politic and Corporate, and his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than the said Dean and Chapter, and

their Successors and Assigns, and the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage9 his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns), all such Right, Title.

Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the Premises respectively vested, settled, and limited by or by virtue of this Act, as they, every or any of them, had or were entitled to before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, enjoyed, or been entitled to in case this Act had not been made.

i IXKJ rl ,.j, ' ' 1 -* *_ |

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Evidence several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to Clause, print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed

by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges,

Justices, and others.

The First SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Part the First.

A Terrier, Survey, or Memorial of the Parsonage of Firle, otherwise West Firle, and the Tithes and other Appurtenances there* unto belonging, demised by the first above recited Indenture of Lease.

i. The Chancel of the Church of Firle, otherwise West Firle, and the Scite of the Parsonage, Barns, and Closes, with Three Acres of Pasture Land, more or less, by Estimation, thereunto adjoining, which said Lands and Barns are abutting and adjoining on the North to One Acre of Ground called Barland’s Croft, formerly belonging unto Mary Chownfc, and wherein the Mansion House now or late of the said Mary Chowne now

standeth.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 17.

standeth, to the Cantland on the West, to the Highway leading from Newelven on the South, and to the King’s Highway leading from Glynde Bridge on the East.

2. One other Close, called the Parsonage Close, with a Stall Stable and Dovehouse thereupon, adjoining to the Church Yard of West Firle aforesaid on the East, to the Lands late of Richard Alchorne on the North, to the Highway leading from Glynde Bridge to Alfriston on the West, to the Way leading to the House of Viscount Gage on the South.

3. Five Acres of Arable Land lying in Totnore, lying to the Lands of the said Lord Gage on the North and South, to the Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the East, and to the Tenant Down of Preston on the West.

4. One other Acre of Land in Totnore, lying to the Land late of Thomas Harrison on the West, to the Lands of the said Lord Gage on the East, and leading to the aforesaid Five Acres of Arable Land on the North, and to the Parsonage Down on the South.

5. Five Acres of Arable Land in the Bottom, lying South and 'yVest to the Parsonage Down, to the Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the North, to Parsonage Lands and to Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the East.

6. Two Acres and a Half more in the said Bottom, lying to the said Parsonage Five Acres on the West, and to a Down formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the East and South, and to her sowing Lands on the North.

7. Two Acres and a Half more in the said Bottom, lying environed with the Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne.

8. Two Acres and a Half more of Arable Land, lying in the next Furlong, to the Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the South, East, and North, and to the Lands late of Richard Alchorne on the West.

9. Two Acres and a Half in the same Furlong, towards the Drove, lying to the Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the South, Easr, and West, and to Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne and

Clark on the North.

10. Two Acres and a half more leading to the Parsonage Lands and Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the North, East, and West.

11. One Acre of Pasture Land, lying in the Lower Moreland Field, called Virmin Shaw, lying to the Land late of Richard Alchorne on the West, to the Purchase on the North, and to the Lands of the said Lord Gage on the East and South.

12. A Pasture Field in the said Moreland, containing by Estimation Six Acres and a half, lying to Five Roods of the Heirs of John Cheale on the North, to Three Acres formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the South, and the Small Wish Ditch on the West; the other four Acres lie to Three Acres of Land formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the North, and to the Lands of the said Lord Gage on the South, to the Lands late of the said Thomas Harrison on the East, and to the said Wish Ditch on the West.

13. Two Acres of Meadow Ground, lying in the Small Wish next to the Hales Hedge, lying to the Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the North and East, and to the Lands of Mr. Harrison and Susan Rowe on the South.

14. One other Acre of Meadow, called the Broad Acre, lying in the Small Wish aforesaid, to the lower Ditch on the West, to the Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the North, and to the Lands of the said Mrs. Rowe and the said Parsonage Land on the East, and to the Lands late of Thomas Harrison on the South.

15. Five

269

46 GEORGII IV. 17.

- 15; Five Roods of Meadow in Cherney, lying to the Spark Ditch on the South, to the Lands of the said Lord Gage on the West, to the Lands of the Heirs of John Cheale on the East, and the Sewer called the Rich

s Alb? cd8oIO ogufioaifiT odt I

16. One Acre of Land in the Great Wish of Firle, lying to the Spark Ditch on the South, to the Lands of the Heirs of John Cheale on the West, to the Lands late of Sir John Olivers on the East, and Two several Men’s Lands on the North, as the Metes and Bounds there show.

17. One other Acre of Land in the said Wish, lying to the Lands of the said Lord Gage on the East, to the Spark Ditch on the South, to the Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the West, and to several Men’s Lands on the North.

18. A little Pasture Field called Thornbridgej containing by Estimation Four Acres£lying to the Great Wish on the South, to the Lands of Humphreys Sicklemore on the East, to the Lands formerly of Mary Chowne on the North, and to other Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne and the Heirs of the said John Cheale on the West.

19. A Pasture Field, called the Lush Field, containing by Estimation Four Acres, lying to the Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the South and East, and to Land formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the North, and to the Parsonage Brook on the West.

20. A little Brook, called the Parsonage Brook, containing by Estimation Four Acres, lying to the Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the North, to Lands of the said Mary Chowne on the South and East, and to the Sewer called the Rich on the West.

21. A Pasture Field called the Eight Acres, lying to several Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne (to wit): the Lamb Field on the South, to the Oat Field on the East, and to the great Lush Field on the West, and to the little Field formerly of the said Mary Chowne and the Corner of the Common Cowtear on the North.

22. A little Pasture Field, containing by Estimation Two Acres, lying to the Cow Lane on the East, the Common Cowtear on the North, and to Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne, called the Lower Lush Field, on the West and South.

23. A Pasture Field, containing by Estimation Five Acres, lying to the Lands late of Richard Alchorne on the North and South, to Lands late of John Oliver on the East, and to Lands late of Thomas Harrison on the West.

24. Four Acres of Pasture by Estimation, lying in the Upwish to the Spark Ditch on the South, to Lands of the said Lord Gage on the West, to the Low Bridge on the North, and to the Lands formerly of the said Mary Chowne on the East.

And also Common of Pasture for Thirty Sheep on New Elven Down*

All the Tithes of Corn, Grain, and Hay whatsoever, within the Parish of West Firle, except Tithes of Hay of the Land next after mentioned, the Proprietors of which, in lieu of Tithe of Hay, formerly paid Wist Money, videlicet,

Lord Gage, for his Brook, containing Twenty-four Acres of Land, and Ten Acres in the Great Wish, in all reckoned at One-and-twenty Wists, which, at Three-pence Three Farthings by the Wist, comes to Robert Thomas, for Four Wists -John Colvis Heirs, for Three Wists

[Private.] 3 y

->, TAO£T iC

£ s. d.

0 6 6£

0 1 7' 1 3

0 0 nj

.1 John

270

4° GEORGII IV.

- s* cl%

John Pierce, for Three Wists - - 0 0 ni

John Vinall, for Three Wists ... O O

John Walker, for Three Wists - O O 11*

Thomas Winchester, for Four Wists ... O I 3

John Pierce, for Two Wists ... 0 0 71

The Widow Arrell, for One Wist - O O 3f

Alexander Alchorne, for One Wist, late Ballard’s 0 0

Alexander Alchorne, for Two Wists, late Blacker’s - 0 0 71

John Pierce, for Two Wists 0 0 7§

The Manor of the Rectory of West Firle, and the Quit-rents thereof.

f "*3 %

Lord Gage, for the Hollanders and Freeholders 010 0

More for the Seven Acres in Sued Furlong 0 7

Humphrey Sicklemore, for his Copyhold 090

John Clarke’s Copyhold, late John Young’s 050

Zachary Smith, late John Young’s Copyhold 0 70

Thomas Russell, late Cosham’s Copyhold 008

John Sayer, late Jenner’s Copyhold 0 1 0

Richard Read’s Copyhold, late Row’s - 0 2 0

John Whitting’s Copyhold, late Ellis, now Friend’s 0 5 10J

Edward Okendon a Freeholder, for One Rood of Land 0 0 2

Thomas Toal, for Three Acres of Copyhold Land O I O

The Freeholders pay Heriots, best Beasts, Reliefs

upon Death.

The Copyholders fine at Will, and Heriots, best

Beasts, on Death and Surrenders.

Annual Value - 628 6 2

Value of the Fee Simple at 30 Years Purchase *8,849 5 0

No Timber.

FIRST SCHEDULE, Part the Second.

Seven Acres and One Rood, being Parcel of the Glebe Land belonging to the Parsonage of West Firle in Smede Furlong within that Parish, being Part of the Premises demised by the secondly above recited Indenture of Lease.

Annual Value -

Value of the Fee Simple at 30 Years Purchase No Timber.

£ s. <L 6 10 o 195 o o

The

Jas, Florance.

4° GEORGII IV. C 17. #1

The Second SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Part the First.

Occupier. DESCRIPTION. Quantity.

- - - A. R. p. .* O J £ 5. d.

William Buckwell The Farm of Friston and Crowlink, consisting of—

Buildings, Hog-plot, Gardens, Yards, &c. 3 0 26

Pains Dean - 20 2 10

Four Acres - - 5 2 0

Gate Field - 45 0 26

Hobs Haste - - 28 3 26

Church Field - j 0 3 30

Barn Field - 10 1 7

Home Laine - - 36 2 25

Old Laine 29 3 30

Tophill Laine -; 54 3 32

- Sheep Down - 253 1 2

Total 489 1 14

- Annual Value 175 3 0

■ •; Value of the Fee Simple at 30 Years Purchase 5,254 10 0

No Timber. -

John Ellis The Farm of Exceate alias Exceit, consisting of

House, Buildings, Gardens, Yards 1 1 25

Salts - 2 2 3

Salts - ... 4 1 0

Long Salts .... 6 1 25

The Northern Part of Hog Brook 9 2 36

i Middle or Mead Brook 10 0 31

Ox Brook - - 15 1 32

Little Brook - 0 3 38

Cow Brook .... 11 3 20

West Salts - 39 0 7

The Southern Part of Cow Down 42 0 4

Arable - - 17 2 3

Arable - 32 0 2

Arable - - 106 3 2

Scabs Island - - 17 1 0

Barn and Yard - - 0 2 32

Larders Field - • 30 3 10

Arable - 1 3 10

Brass Hill ... 45 1 20

Top Hill ... 93 0 30

Arable - 33 2 14

Sheep Down - - 403 1 8

Sheep Salts - 47 0 36

Foxhole Cottages and Gardens 0 1 14

Haven Salts - 22 3 20

Total 996 2 22

Annual Value 567 10 0

Value of the Fee Simple at 30 Years Purchase 17,025 0 6

No Timber.

Total Value of the Fee Simple of theV

Lands described in the First Part of this > 22,279 10 0

Schedule - _ • J

272 4° GEORGII IV. Cap.\7.

SECOND SCHEDULE,

Part the Second.

Occupier. DESCRIPTION. Quantity. —

John Ellis The Northern Part of Cowdown, lying Southeast of, and walled in with the Piece of Ground in Exceit, mentioned in the said secondly recited Lease to contain Four Acres, and now called Wainhouse Field A Piece of Land in Hog Brook running from East to West the whole Length of the Field on the South Side thereof, near to the Exceit Bridge Road, leading from Seaford to East Dean - A. R. P. • 4 0 0 2 0 0 £ a. d.

. 6 0 0

Annual Value Value of the Fee Simple at 30 Years Purchase No Timber. 6 10 0 195 0 0

Jas. Florance,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 182S.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 18.

An Act for enabling the President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society to purchase from the Corporation and other Persons entitled thereto the Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, upon which they have erected a Chapel, Buildings, and other Works, and such other Land adjoining thereto as may be required for the Purposes of their Charity.

[17th June 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing and well-governing the Charitable In* 46G. 3. C. 144. stitution, commonly called The Philanthropic Society, formed for the Protection of poor Children, the Offspring of convicted Felons, and for the Reformation of Children who have themselves been engaged in Criminal Practices, and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs; and certain Persons were thereby made one Body Corporate and Politic by the Name and Style of " The President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society/’ and were thereby empowered to purchase, take, or receive, hold and enjoy, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for fPrivate.] 3 g erecting

274

Incorporated Persons may sell Lands to the Charity.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 18.

erecting and making a Chapel, Buildings, and other Works for the Purposes of the said Charity: And whereas the said President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society, have erected and made a Chapel, Buildings, and other Works for the Purposes of the said Charity, upon Ground in Saint George's Fields, in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, held by them upon Leases for Terms of Years, granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London : And whereas, in order to render permanent the Benefits of the said Charity, it is desirable that the said President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society, should be empowered to purchase from the Corporation or Corporations, or Person or Persons entitled thereto, the Freehold and Inheritance in Fee Simple of the Ground upon which the said Chapel, Buildings, and other Works have been erected, and of such other Ground adjoining thereto as may be required for the Purposes of the said Charity: But as the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Corporations whatsoever. Feoffees in Trust for Charitable and other Purposes, Executors, and Administrators, Tenants in Tail or for Life, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Successors and Heirs, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts or Wards respectively, whether Infants, or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity of acting for himself, herself, or themselves, and also for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and for all Persons whether Tenants for Life, in Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and for all and every Persons or Person whomsoever who are, is, or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in the Lands, Grounds, Chapel, Buildings, Works, and Hereditaments now used for the Purposes of the said Charity, or any of them, or any Lands or Grounds, Buildings or Hereditaments adjoining to the same, which the said President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society shall think necessary and proper to be purchased for the Purposes of the said Charity, not exceeding in the whole Two thousand five hundred superficial Yards, to treat and agree with the said President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society, or their Successors, for the absolute Sale thereof, for any Sum or Sums of Money, or such other Consideration as herein-after is mentioned, and to convey the same to the said President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society, and their Successors, for the Purposes of the said Charity, and every such Conveyance shall be made according to the following Form:

4 J A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of to me paid, and (if any) of the Surrender of certain Leasehold Tenements by the President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society, acting by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His

io present

275

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 18.

present Majesty, intituled An Act \_here set forth the Title of this Act\ ‘ do hereby grant, release, and convey to the said President, Vice-4 Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society, and 4 their Successors, all [here describe the Lands and Premises to be conveyed\ 4 and all my Right, Title, and Interest to and in the same, and every ‘ Part thereof, to hold the same unto the said President, Vice-Presidents,

< Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society, and their ‘ Successors, for ever, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

« In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal this

< Day of in the Year of our

< Lord

And if the Premises are Leasehold for Years, they shall be assigned by a Form answerable to the above, only substituting the Words applicable to the Assignment of a Chattel; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunatics, and Husbands, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Execution Estates con-of every such Conveyance as aforesaid, the said President, Vice-Presi- veyed to vest dents. Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society, and their President, Successors, shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin or Pos- dents^Trea session of the Lands, Grounds, Chapel, Buildings, Works, and other surer,’and Hereditaments conveyed to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully Members, and effectually as if every Person having an Estate, Right, Title, or Interest in the Premises had actually conveyed the same by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale enrolled, Feoffment and Livery of Seisin, Fine,

Common Recovery, Surrender, or any other Conveyance or Assurance in Law whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Leasehold Lands and Tenements now held by the said President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, shall not be deemed by them to be necessary for the Purposes of their said Charity, it shall be lawful for them to surrender, or cause to be surrendered, such Lands or Tenements, or any Part or Parts thereof, which may not be deemed necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to the Lessor or Lessors, or Owner or Owners of the Reversion of the same Lands or Tenements, and any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Corporation or Corporations, who may be such Lessor or Lessors, or the Owner or Owners of such Reversion, are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think proper, to accept and take such Surrender, as the Consideration, or Part of the Consideration, for the Purchase of any other Lands or Hereditaments, which may be sold and conveyed by such Corporation or Corporations respectively by virtue of this Act.

The Society may surrender Lands as Part of the Consideration for the Purchase of other Lands.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be any Money to Application be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by of Purchase virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall Money belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Corporation

276‘

Less than 200/. and amounting to 20/.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 18.

■poration whatsoever, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust or Ward, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex-parte the President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, and some one of the Cashiers of the said Bank shall give a Receipt for the Money so paid, which shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same; and such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Corporation or Corporations, or Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Reduced Bank Annuities, or Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the same Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Corporation or Corporations or Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased and settled by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, or which shall be limited in strict or other Settlement, shall be less than the

Sum

4* GEORGII IV. 18. 277

Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Corporation or Corporations, or Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, or Trustee or Trustees, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-before directed (One of the Cashiers of the said Bank giving a Receipt for the said Money, which shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same), or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Party making such Option, and approved of by the said President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members, or their Successors (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands or Seals of the nominating and approving Parties), and the Money so paid to such Trustees shall be by them applied in any Manner herein-before directed with respect to the Money so to be paid as aforesaid into the Bank in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, but without any Order of the said Court touching the Application thereof.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Money agreed Less than to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments 20/. as aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be paid to the Corporation or Corporations, or Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, for his, her, or their own Use and Benefit, or to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, or Trustee or Trustees, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Corporation or Corporations, or Person or Persons to whom the same shall be paid, shall be a sufficient Discharge or sufficient Discharges for the same.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Corporation or Corporations, Person or Persons, to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, Title, Charge, or Interest therein, or of any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends and Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Corporation or Corporations, Person or Persons, who shall have been in the Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Estates, Interests, and Charges, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Corporations or Persons claiming under or under the Possession of such Corporation or Corporations, Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Estates, Interests, or Charges, according to such Possession, [Private.'] 4 y until

Doubt upon the Title, the Interest of the Money paid into the Bank shall be paid to the Person who was in the Possession of the Premises when bought.

278 4° GEORGII IV. 18.

until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein, or Charge thereon.

Thg Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid.

Power to sell any of the Leasehold Estates or Lands to be purchased which may not be wanted.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of the said Expences as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, to be paid by the said President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society, or their Successors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Leasehold Lands and Tenements now held by the said President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall not be deemed necessary by the said President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society, for the Purposes of their said Charity, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for them to sell and dispose of the same in such Manner, and for such Price or Prices as they shall think proper.

Evidence X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the

Clause. several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 182S.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 19.

An Act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session to take an Account of the Debts and Burdens affecting, and that may be made to affect, the Entailed Estate of Wemyss, in the Counties of Fife and Perth; and to sell the said Estate, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient to discharge the said Debts and Burdens.

[17th June 1823.]

WHEREAS the late James Earl of Wemyss, by Deed of Deed of Entail and Procnratory of Resignation, bearing Date the Entail by Eighteenth Day of May in the Year One thousand seven of Wemyss hundred and fifty, and registered in the Books of Council and Session dated 18th’ in Scotland, on the Twenty-third Day of March, in the Year One May 1750. thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, did, for the Causes therein specified, grant Procuratory for resigning in the Hands of his immediate lawful Superiors, all and haill his Lands, Earldom, and Estate therein and hereinafter mentioned, comprehending the particular Lands, Baronies, and others underwritten, videlicet, the Lands of Wemyss-shire, with the Castle, Tower, Fortalice, Manor Place,

Houses, Biggings, Yards, and Mains thereof; Little Lun, and Tally-hreck, Cameron, Miln, and Haugh, with the Parts, Pendicles, and Pertinents of the same, lying within the Sheriffdom of Fife; all and haill the Lands of Kinnaird, with the Tenants, Tenandries, and Service of free Tenants, lying within the Sheriffdom of Perth; as also all and haill the Town and Port of Wemyss, of old erect into a free Burgh of Barony and a free Seaport, with free Fairs and Weekly Markets of the said Burgh of Barony; with all and sundry Liberties, Privileges, Customs, and Casualties, Anchorages, Duties, and Commodities [Private.2 4 whatsomever

282 4° GEORGII IV. 19.

whatsomever pertaining and belonging to the said Burgh of Barony, free Fairs, Weekly Markets, and free Port or Harbour of the same, with the Pertinents thereof; all and haill the Lands of Little Raith, Powguild, and Glennmgstotie, with Tenants, Tenandries, and Service of free Tenants of the foresaid whole Lands, lying within the Sheriffdom of Fife; and sicklike all and haill the Barony of Easter Wemyss, comprehending the Mains and Lands of Easter Wemyss, with the Tower, Fortalice, Manor Place, Yards, Orchyards, Dovecots, and Pertinents of the same whatsomever; the Lands of Kirk-town; the Lands of Windy edge; the Lands of Harlaw; Town and Lands of Buchaven; and all other Parts and Pertinents whatsomever of the said Lands and Barony of Easter Wemyss, lying within the Parish of Wemyss; with the Milns, Woods, Fishings, Tenants, Tenandries, and Services of free Tenants of the same, Coals, Coalheughs thereof; together with the Advocation, Donation, and Bight of Patronage of the Chapel called St. Katharine's Chapel, situate within the Parish of Wemyss; all and haill the Lands of Spittal, Cartmore, and Dondonald, (the Lands and Tenandries of Glassmonth only excepted,) with the Tenants, Tenandries, and Service of free Tenants, lying within the Barony of Lochoreshire, and which were of old annexed to the said Barony of Easter Wemyss, lying within the Sheriffdom of Fife, with the special and full Power and Liberty of putting down Coal Sinks, and digging Coals within Flood Mark, and within the Limits above mentioned, and also of building and upholding Salt Pans within that Part of the said Lands betwixt Fodle Craig and the Denburn, as they shall think fit, and which, with certain other Lands, were all erect into a free Barony, called the Barony of Easter Wemyss; and all and haill the Lands of Locliead, with the Houses, Biggings, Coals, Coalheughs, with the Loch of the said Lands, called Lochgellie, and Fishings of the samen. Multures, and Knaveship, Tenants, Tenandries, and Service of free Tenants, with the Parts, Pendicles, and Pertinents of the same, sometime lying within the Barony of Lochoreshire alias Inchgall, and Sheriffdom of Fife; which haill Lands, Barony, Burgh of Barony, Seaports, Milns, Fishings, Parts, Pendicles, and Pertinents of the same above written, wei*e all unite, erect, and incorporated in an whole and free Barony, called the Barony of Wemyss, coniorm to a Charter under the Great Seal, in favours of David Earl of Wemyss, dated the Twenty-second Day of Jidy, in the Year One thousand six hundred and fifty-one; and all and haill the Lands and Barony of Metliill, with Corn and Waulk Milns of the same, Miln Lands and astricted Multures thereof, the Lands of Hill and Firnie, with the Annexis, Connexis, Parts, Pendicles, and Pertinents belonging thereto; together also with the Coals, Coalheughs, of the Lands of Methill, Hill, and Firnie, and Manor Place of Methill, commonly called the Kirk Lands of Methill and Barony of the same, as well above as below Ground, far and near, in whatever Place of the said Barony, Miln Lands, and others foresaid, the same may be digged, sought for, and win; and all and haill the Town and Lands of Innerleven, otherways called Coldcoats, as well Property as Superiority of the same, with the Parts, Pendicles, Coalheughs, Tenants, Tenandries, and Service of free Tenants, and whole other Pertinents thereof; together also, with the Superiority of Two Parts of Little Kelmucks and Lands of same, Tenants, Tenandries, and Service of free Tenants thereof, and the Burgh of

Barony

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 19.

Barony of Methill and Liberty of a free Seaport or Harbour thereof, with the \ early free Fairs and Weekly Markets of the said Burgh of Barony; with all and sundry Liberties, Privileges, Immunities, Tolls, Customs, Anchorages, Casualties, Duties, and Commodities whatsomever belonging to the said Burgh of Barony, free Fairs, Weekly Markets, free Port and Harbour of the same, and Pertinents of the same whatsomever; together also with the Office of Bail-liary and Keeper of the whole Water of Leven and Loch of the same, as the same flows in Length and Breadth through the whole Current thereof to the Sea, with every Ninth Salmond Fish taken therein, and all other Duties and Customs thereof, and of the said Office of Bailliary used and wont, with full Privilege and Liberty of holding Courts and appointing Clerks, Bailies, Officers, and other Members of Court, and also the Advocation, Donation, and Right of Patronage of the Paroch and Paroch Church of Methill, lying within the Regality of St. Andrew's and Sheriffdom of Fife foresaid; and all and haill the Lands of Cameron, with the Manor Place, Flouses, Big-gings, Yards, Orchyards, Outsetts, Parts, Pendicles, and Pertinents of the same, with the Coals and Coalheughs thereof; and all and haill the Miln of Cameron, with the Miln Lands, Multures, Sucken and Sequels, belonging thereto, lying within the Stewartry and Sheriffdom of Fife foresaid; which Miln and Lands of Cameron are annexed to the Barony of Easter Wemyss, conform to a Charter granted in favour of David, Earl of Wemyss, deceased, dated the Twenty-third Day of February, One thousand six hundred and seventy-two Years; in favours and for new Infeftment of the same to be made and granted to himself, the said James Earl of Wemyss, and failing of him, by decease, to Mr. James Wemyss, his Third lawful Son, and the Heirs Male of his Body; whom failing, to any other lawful Sons, to be procreated of his own Body; the Eldest succeeding always preferable to the Younger, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; whom failing, to the Second Son lawfully to be procreated of the Body of Mr. Francis Wemyss Cliarteris, his, the said Earl’s, Second lawful Son, and the Heirs Male of his Body; and failing such Second Son of the said Mr. Francis Wemyss Charteris, by decease, or succeeding to the Estate of Charteris of Ampsfeld, to Lady Frances Wemyss, his, the said Earl’s, Eldest lawful Daughter, Spouse to Sir James Stewart of Goodtrees, Baronet, and the Heirs Male of her Body, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; whom failing, to Lady Walpole Wemyss, his, the said Earl’s, Second lawful Daughter, and the Heirs Male of her Body, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; whom failing, to Lady Ann Wemyss, his, the said Earl’s, Third lawful Daughter, Spouse of John Hamilton of Bargany, and the Heirs Male of her Body, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; whom failing, to Lady Helen Wemyss, his, the said Earl’s, Fourth lawful Daughter, and the Heirs Male of her Body, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; whom failing, to any other Daughters lawfully to be procreated of his, the said Earl’s, own Body, the Eldest succeeding, without Division, and to the Heirs Male of their Bodies; whom tailing, to the lawful Daughters to be piocieated of the Body of the said Lady Frances Wemyss and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; whom failing, to the lawful Daughters of the said Lady Walpole Wemyss, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; whom failing, to the lawful Daughters of the said Lady Ann Wemyss, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; whom

failing,

284

4° GEORGII IV.

failing, to the lawful Daughters of the said Lady Helen Wemyss, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; whom failing, to the lawful Daughters of any other Daughter to be procreated of his, the said Earl’s, Body, the Eldest of all the said Daughters succeeding first, and alway, without Division; whom failing, to Lady Elizabeth Sutherland, only Daughter procreated betwixt the deceased Lady Elizabeth Wemyss, Countess of Sutherland, his, the said Earl’s, Sister, and William Earl of Sutherland, her Husband, and the Heirs Male of her Body, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; whom failing, to Mr. James Stuart, the Eldest Son procreated betwixt Lady Margaret Wemyss, Countess of Moray, Sister of him the said James Earl of Wemyss, and James Earl of Moray, her Husband, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; whom failing, by decease, or succeeding to the Estate and Honours of Earl of Moray, to Mr. David Stuart, the Second Son procreate betwixt the said Earl and Countess of Moray, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the Male Heirs of their Bodies; whom failing, to any other Younger Sons procreate, or to be procreate betwixt the said Earl and Countess of Moray, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; whom failing, to any other Sons to be procreate of the Body of the said Countess of .Moray in any subsequent Marriage, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, the Eldest always succeeding preferable to the Younger; whom failing, by decease, or their succeeding to any Estate or Honours which might incapacitate them from bearing the Name and Arms of the Family of Wemyss, in Terms of the Clause mentioned in the said Procuratory, to Walter Wemyss, of Lathockar, and his Heirs Male; whom all failing, to his, the said James Earl of Wemyss*s, own nearest Heirs and Assignees whatsoever: but always with and under the Burdens, Provisions, Limitations, and Reservations mentioned in the said Procuratory, usual in Settlements of Entail, by the Law and Practice of Scotland, against the Heirs of Entail disponing or alienating the settled or entailed Estate, or any Part thereof, or burdening the same, or contracting Debts, by which the same might be affected : And whereas upon the Death of the said James Earl of Wemyss the said James Wemyss, his Son, made up Titles in his Person to the said entailed Estate, by passing a Charter of Resignation under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept and used in Scotland, in place of the Great Seal formerly used there, by virtue of the said Procuratory; which Charter bore Date the Sixth Day of August in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, and was registered and sealed on the Third Day of September in the same Year; and by virtue of the Precept of Sasine in the said Charter, the said James Wemyss was infeft and seised in the said entailed Estate, conformably to an Instrument of Sasine in his Favour, dated the Twelfth Day of October in the said Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, and registered in the General Register of Sasines at Edinburgh, on the Fourteenth Day of the same Month and Year foresaid : And whereas the said James Wemyss having departed this Life, William Wemyss, his Eldest Son, afterwards General of His Majesty's Forces, was served and retoured Heir in Special and of Provision to his said Father in the said entailed Estate of Wemyss, conform to the Retour of his Service, dated the Ninth Day of December in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and by virtue of a Precept from His Majesty’s

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 19.

jesty’s Chancery in Scotland, dated the Eleventh Day ot January in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, the said William Wemyss was duly infeft and seised in the said entailed Estate of Wemyss, conform to Instrument of Sasine in his Favour, dated the Twenty-sixth Day of the said Month of January in the said Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and registered in the General Register of Sasines at Edinburgh, on the Twenty-seventh Day of February in the same Year: And whereas the said William WemysSy by Disposition, bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day of June, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, registered in the Books of Council and Session on the Fourteenth Day of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, did convey to himself in Life-rent, and to James Wemyss, now of Wemyss, his Eldest Son, in fee; whom failing, to the other Heirs entitled to succeed by the Deed of Entail before recited, the Lands of Little Lun, Barony of Methill, and certain other Parts of the said entailed Estate of Wemyss, under all the Conditions of the said Entail; and a Charter was thereupon passed under the said Union Seal, by virtue of the Procuratory contained in the said Disposition of the said Lands, and thereby disponed in favour of the said William Wemyss in Life-rent, and the said James Wemyss in fee, bearing Date the Fifth, and sealed and registered the Twenty-first Days of July in the said Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and they were duly infeft for their respective Interests in the said Lands, conform to Instrument of Sasine, dated the Thirtieth, and registered in the General Register of Sasines at Edinburgh, the Thirty-first Days of July in the Year last mentioned: And whereas the* said William Wemyss having departed this Life, the said James Wemyss, his Eldest Son, was served Heir in Special to him in the said entailed Estate of Wemyss, under the Exception of those Parts formerly vested in him as abovementioned, conform to Retour of his Service, dated the Twenty-sixth Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, and by virtue of a Precept from His Majesty's Chancery in Scotland, dated the Seventeenth Day of September in the Year last mentioned, the said James Wemyss was duly infeft and seised in the Estate according to the Terms of the said Precept, conform to Instrument of Sasine in his Favour, dated the Fifteenth Day of October in the said Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, and registered in the General Register of Sasines at Edinburgh on the First Day of the Month of November thereafter : And whereas the said William Wemyss contracted large Debts, great Parts of which remain due, and his separate or personal Estate is not sufficient to pay these Debts, as appears by the Schedules A. and B. hereunto annexed, and the Balance remaining, after Application of such separate or personal Estate, to a great Amount affects or can be made to affect the entailed Estate, in respect that the said recited Deed of Entail has not been registered in the Register of Tailzies, in Terms of the Act of Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-five, intituled Act concerning Tailzies; while the said James Wemyss, now in Possession of the said entailed Estate, is disabled from selling or alienating the said Estate or any Part thereof to discharge the said Debts as the succeeding Heirs of Entail will be; and in these Circumstances the entailed Estate will be adjudged by the Creditors [Private."] 4 c for

286

Court of Session authorized to sell the entailed Estate, or Part thereof.

4° GEOllG11 IV. Cap. 1.9.

for the Payment of what is and may be due to them, with the Accumulations and Penalties allowed by Law in such Cases, and the Estate, ora great Part thereof evicted, to the great Hurt and Prejudice of the said James Wemyss, and all the other Heirs of Entail, who are without Remedy but by the Interposition of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, upon the humble Petition of Your Majesty's dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said James Wemyss, now of Wemyss, and William Wemyss, and Charles Wemyss, Heirs of Entail of the said Estate of Wemyss, that^ it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, rihat it shall and may be lawful and competent to and for the Judges of the Court ol Session in Scotland for the Time being, in either of the Divisions thereof, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon a Petition to be presented to the said Court, in either Division thereof, by or on Behalf of the said James Wemyss, now of Wemyss, or the Heir of Entail for the Time being, entitled to and in Possession of the said entailed Estate of Wemyss; and after due Notice ol such Petition shall have been given to all concerned, in the Manner the said Court shall direct, and hearing all Parties that may appear for their Interest, to enquire into and take an Account of the Debts of the said William Wemyss, late of Wemyss, deceased, which were owing at the Time of his Decease, and of the Provisions made by him, and the Interest which has become due, or may become due upon the said Debts and Provisions, and which affect or may be made to affect the said entailed Estate; and to ascertain how much of the said Debts and Provisions do or will remain unsatisfied after the Application of the Effects of the said William Wemyss, or any separate Estate left by him; and after having fixed and ascertained the Extent and Amount of such Debts and Provisions, with the Interest due thereupon, by Interlocutors or Judgments of the said Court, to order and direct that the said entailed Lands and Estate of Wemyss, described in the Deed of Entail before recited, and in the Schedules hereunto annexed, marked C. and D., or such Parts or Portions thereof^ with the Mines and Minerals, as shall by the said Judges be deemed sufficient for the Payment of the Sums of which an Account is directed to be taken as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, and the necessary Charges of obtaining this Act, and the Proceedings to be had in the Execution thereof, to be sold by public Auction and Sale, under the Authority, and according to the Course usually observed in judicial Sales, so as the Sale of the Parts and Portions to be sold, if only Parts of the whole, be selected, so as to be of as little Detriment as possible to the said James Wemyss and the other Heirs of Entail, who shall or may succeed to him in the said entailed Estate; and for carrying into Execution the said Sales, the Judges of the said Court of Session in either the Divisions thereof, shall be and are hereby authorized and required to take Proofs of the Values of the said Estate, or of such Parts and Portions of the said entailed Estate hereby authorized to be sold, as shall or may be judged most proper to be disposed of; and the several Sums of Money at which the same ought to be set up and exposed to public Auction and Sale, to the highest Offerer, in the Way and Manner herein directed and

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. W. c^7

provided; and for that Purpose, with Powers farther to the said Judges to award Letters of Intimation for publishing the said Auction and Sale of the said Estate, or of the several Parts and Portions of the said entailed Estate so intended to be sold, and to adjust the Conditions and Articles of the said Auction and Sale of the Lands to be disposed of for the Purposes of this Act, either in whole or in such Parcels or Lots as may or shall to them the said Judges appear best calculated to answer the End in view; and to adjudge the said Estate, or such Parts and Portions of the said entailed Estate, as shall or may be sold to the several and respective Purchaser or Purchasers, when and as soon as the said Purchaser or Purchasers shall severally have completed their respective Purchases, by Payment or Consignation of the full Price or Prices at or for which he, she, or they shall or may have purchased the same, with the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland, or the Cashier of the Royal Bank of Scotland, or Manager of the Bank of the British Linen Company of Scotland, or any of them, to whom the Judges of the said Court of Session may order Payment or Consignation to be made, without Fee or Reward, to be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of one or other of the said Banks, in the Name or Names of such Two Trustees as the Court shall direct; and which Monies shall, when so paid in, produce the highest Interest that can be obtained for the same; which Interest shall by the said Trustees be annually accumulated and added to the Principal Sum itself, to carry Interest together, until applied by a Warrant or Warrants of the Court, for the Purposes of this Act; and in general, to pronounce such Interlocutors or Interlocutor, and to order and hold all such other and further Proceedings as to them the Judges of the said Court .shall appear to be necessary for carrying this Act effectually into Execution.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Pur- Purchasers chaser or Purchasers under the Authority of this Act, his, her, or to have a their Heirs and Assignees, shall, by the Decrees of Sale, and upon Sood Title* full Payment of the Prices for which he, she, or they shall respectively Purchase, to such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall, by the Articles and Conditions of Sale be taken bound to pay such Price or Prices, have good and undoubted Right to the Lands and others so to be purchased in Fee Simple, freed and discharged for ever from all the Debts and Deeds of the said William Wemyss, and freed from the Fetters and Conditions of the said Entail, and every other Incumbrance, Defect of Title, or Ground of Eviction whatever, in as full and ample a Manner, Sort, and Form as any Purchaser of Lands at a judicial Sale before the Court of Session may, can, or ought to have by the Law and Practice o£ Scotland; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said James Wemyss, now of Wemyss, and to any other Heir in Possession of and invested in the said entailed Estate for the Time being, and he or the said Heir are hereby ordered and required to execute and deliver, under the Authority of the Judges of the said Court of Session in either of the Divisions thereof, in case the same shall be thought necessary and proper, good and effectualDis-positions and Conveyances, containing Procuratories of Resignation,

Precepts of Sasine, and all other usual and necessary Clauses of the said Estate, or of such Parts and Portions thereof as shall or may be

288

Creditors to be paid.

Surplus, if any, how to be disposed of.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 1.9.

sold, in favour of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, their Heirs or Assignees, without incurring any Irritancy or Forfeiture; any thing in the said Deed of Entail to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Sale or Sales aforesaid shall be accomplished, and the Purchase Money paid or consigned as aforesaid, the said Court shall proceed to adjust the Claims of the Creditors whose Debts or Claims affect or may be made to affect the said Estate, and issue their Warrants or Decreets for the Payment thereof, and for paying the necessary Charges of the Proceedings; every such Creditor or Claimant, upon receiving Payment, being obliged to execute a complete Discharge of his or her Debt or Claim, to the Extent of* the Sum or Sums paid, and the several Discharges shall be registered in the Books of the Court of Session or Record of Sasines if requisite.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case a Surplus shall remain of the Price of the Lands so to be sold under the Authority of this Act, and Interest thereof, after defraying the Expences of passing this Act, and all the reasonable Expences which may be incurred in carrying the same into Execution, and after Payment of all the Debts and Obligations of the said William Wemyss, to be ascertained in Manner before directed, the Judges of the said Court of Session in either of the Divisions thereof are hereby empowered and required to direct and order that the said Surplus shall be laid out and employed in the Purchase of other Lands, which shall be limited and settled to the same Uses and Purposes, and under the like prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses as the said Lands and Estate of WemysS, by the Deed of Entail herein-before recited, now stand limited and settled; and in the meantime, and until the Money shall be so applied, to order and direct that the same shall remain in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of the British Linen Company of Scotland, subject to the Direction of the Court of Session in either the Divisions thereof in the Names of such Persons as the Court shall have appointed as aforesaid, who shall annually receive the highest Interest which can be got for the same; and the Interest arising from the Money so paid in shall be laid out in the Name or Names of such Persons as aforesaid, and shall annually accumulate and be added to the Principal Sum, so that they may carry Interest together until a proper Purchase in Lands shall be found, to be limited in the Manner herein before directed, and until, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Session in either of the Divisions thereof, in a summary Way, by the said James Wemyss, or any Heir of Entail in Possession of the said Estate, the Money shall be ordered to be paid by the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland, or the Cashier of the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the Manager of the Bank of the British Linen Company of Scotland, for completing the said Purchase in such Manner as the said Court shall direct.

V. Provided always, That if the Money arising by the principal and accumulated Interest of such Sum or Sums shall exceed the Amount of the Purchase Money so paid into the said Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of the British Linen Company of

Scotland,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 19.

Scotland, then and in that Case only the Surplus which shall remain, after discharging the Expence of the Application to the Com t, shall be paid to the Person or Persons who for the Time being would be entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased, in case the same had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or the Representatives of such Person or Persons.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Costs and Charges of all Proceedings charges of to be had in either of the Divisions of the Court of Session, in pur- the Proceed-suance of the Powers given by this Act, shall be taxed and ascer- ,n?^to e tained according to the Practice of the said Court.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said James Wemyss, or the Heir of Heirs of En-Entailin Possession of the said entailed Estate of Wemyss for the Time, ^ll not to wish all not incur any Irritancy or Forfeiture for or by reason of his ^cy°y executing any Disposition or other Deed directed to be executed under the Authority of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That none of the Provisions of this Act shall take place, nor shall the said Act be carried into Execution unless James Wemyss, the Younger Son of the said James WemysSy who was the Third Son of the said James Earl of* WemysSy shall, if in Life, and as soon as he shall be served with a Copy of this Act, by a Deed or Deeds executed by him before Two attesting Witnesses, express his Consent for himself, and as Administrator in Law for his several Sons under Age, to this Act; and in case of the Death of the said James Wemyss before giving his Consent, the Consent of the legal Guardian or Guardians of his Sons under Age, given in the same Manner, shall be requisite; and such Deed or Deeds shall be registered in the Court of Session, and shall in all Time thereafter be held and taken to be sufficient Evidence of the said James Wemyss having consented as aforesaid to the passing of this Act, as if his Consent had been previously given, and be binding on him and his Issue Male in all Time thereafter.

Consent of

James

Wemyss

(Third Son

of Earl of

Wemyss)

necessary.

IX. Saving and reserving unto the King’s most Excellent Majesty, Saving His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Clause. Bodies Politic and Corporate, and the Creditors on the said Estate, who may be unpaid, (excepting the said James Wemyss, and the Heirs of Entail entitled by virtue of the said before recited Deed of Entail to succeed to and take the said Estate of Wemyss,) all such Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, in and to or out of all or any Part of the said Lands and Estate, or the Monies to accrue by the Sale thereof, according as they, any, or either of them have or might have any Claim, Challenge, or Demand, in or to the same, in case this Act had never been made.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by Act to be the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly printed by authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a His Majes-Copy thereof so printed by any of them, shall be admitted’as Evi- ty’s Printers‘ dence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

[Private. J 4 c\

290

4° GEORGII IV. 19.

to

tfwft

0001

0001

000£

SCHEDULE (A).

'TI8I 4<* ) *

?I? 1

x>8 tansOI

aiudoS sM

fjr

List of Debts due by the late William Wemyss, Esquire.

'4

Creditors’ Names.

Mrs. Drummond Sir D. Kinloch Kirk Session of Athelstaneford Colonel Maitland

Documents of Debts.

Robert Bruce

Dicksons and Company Mrs. Purves, as Executrix of Samuel Mitchelson Kirk Session of Wemyss Miss K. Wemyss George Adie

Countess of Hyndford

V' j 0 10 r>

George Birell

V \ '•

r- v jL O l

George Bairnsfather -

William Scott George Bairnsfather

Sir R. Dundas

Thomas Gray

George Bairnsfather

Capt. Birell

A 3 Weil

Mrs. Jean Baillie

Ditto ai?g |

l y dl

Earl of Wemyss Marquis of Stafford Lady C. Charteris Wanlock-head, Friendly Society Earl of Wemyss’ Trustees Thomas Coutts, Esq.

Walter Dickson E. and A. Dervies Bonham and Company

Conveyance to bond to Alexander Graham, in 1790 Bond, in 1791

Conveyance to part of said Bond to Sir D. Kinloch Bond, dated 1794 Conveyance to bond to the Rev. A. Carnegie, dated June 1804 -

Bond, dated 1794 Assignation to bond to John Hepburn, dated 1799 Bond, dated 1789 Bond of Provision, dated 1783 Bond, dated Nov. 1796 Conveyance to bond to David Russel, 10th July, 1797 Conveyance to bond to James Mudie, 15th May, 1798 Conveyance to bond to Sir William Forbes and Company, dated 26th December, 1798 Bond, dated 10th August, 1801 Bond, dated 25th May, 1802 -Conveyance to bond to Countess of Hyndford

June, 1805 -

Conveyance to bond to Peter Bairnsfather, dated 10th April, 1806 -Bond to Robert French, dated 8th December, 1806 Conveyance to part of the above Bond -Conveyance to bond to Robert French, 22d Dec. 1806 Bond, dated 12th Nov. 1807 -Bond, dated 20th Feb. 1808 -Bond, dated 15th Feb. 1810 -Bond, dated 15th Feb. 1810 -

Bond, dated 16th July, 1810 -Bond, dated 9th Dec. 1811 Bond, dated Feb.and June,1814

1817

Sum.

£ s. d.

1625 0 0

440 0 0

800 0 0

2000 0 0

1000 0 0

500 0 0

500 0 0

200 0 0

1500 0 0

20 0 0

VI gViS

1500 0 0

3 9ID01C I © 3

jto . I

1000 0 0

' VUJj m O V

- A 3*

2000 0 0

3000 0 0

1000 0 0

2000 0 0

25 0 0

500 0 0

1000 0 0

200 0 0

300 0 0

4000 0 0

3000 0 vO

1000 0 0

600 0 0

9000 0 0

6000 0 0

1500 0 0

20 0 0

1000 0 0

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 19

291

Creditors’ Names.

General Scott Mr. Renton

Ditto -Mr. Murray of Henderland -

Baron Cockburn

Colonel Campbell

Barber, London

J. and B. Pearse, London Miss H. Walker Miss Ann Walker

Miss H. Walker

John Rattray John Watson’s Trustees John Gunn -James Cunningham East Wemyss Generous Society Mrs. Baxter John Anderson John Spence -Miss Jean Robertson Ditto John Carnegie Colonel D. Boswell

Mr. Gib’s Trustees

Mr. Brodie’s ditto Bank of Scotland, Kirkcaldy - George Mitchell John Galloway George Aitken Walker, Richardson, and Melville -

Debts connected with the Coal} Work, &c. belonging to Ge- > neral Wemyss - J

jJ

Colonel Wemyss

0001

Documents of Debt.

Bond, dated May, 1817 Bond, dated May, 1817 Bond, dated July, 1817 Bond, dated Nov. 1817 Conveyance to bond to Colonel Don, Nov. 1817 Bond, dated Nov. 1817

Bond, dated 6th Oct. 1817 Bond, dated 10th Jan. 1818 Bond, dated 10th Jan. 1818 Conveyance to bond to Mr. Walker’s Trustees, dated 10th Jan. 1818 Bond, dated June, 1818 Bond, dated May, 1819 Bond, dated June, 1819 Bond, dated 27th Nov. 1819 -Dec. 1819 -Oct. 1820 -

Bond, dated Dec. 1820 Bond, dated June, 1821 Bond, dated May, 1821 Ditto Ditto Bond, dated 9th July, 1821 Bond, dated Dec. 1821 Obligation to grant bond, in Dec. 1821 Bond -

1821 1815

1813 and 1814 Balance of an account current at 4th Feb. 1822

Contracted in 1820, 1821, and up to 4th Feb. 1822

A Legacy left by Lady Frances Montgomery, in 1800,amounting, with Interest for 2 2 years, to

/lotimoos' i

Sum.

Sums due to William and Charles Wemyss, the younger sons of the said William Wemyss, deceased, bearing date the 3d Dec 1808, — 4000l. each -

£ s. d.

4000 0 0

1000 0 0

1000 0 0

2000 0 0

2600 0 0

4000 0 0

1000 0 0

3952 15 0

1000 0 0

1400 1 0 0

1000 0 0

5000 0 0

1000 0 0

2000 0 0

3000 0 0

60 0 0

30 0 0

1300 0 0

440 0 0

3000 0 0

1500 0 0

2000 0 0

1000 0 0

380 0 0

10,939 0 0

1436 15 7

36 18 n

101 12 0

18 6 0

823 14 7

2541 0 11

2100 0 0

108890 2 8J

8000

With Interest from the Term of Whitsunday 1822.

Provision to Miss Wemyss, being an Annuity of 400/. per Annum, which cease on her Marriage, and she then becomes entitled to a Provision of 4000l.

1 F. Walker.

! V181 ' j A

)0l i I (naqraoD Dm; maflflob

0 k)

292

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 19.

SCHEDULE (B).

An Account of the Personal Estate of the late William Wemyssy Esquire.

£ s. d.

1 Cash and bills in the deceased's house at the time of his death 475 0 0

2 Cash at his banker's - - 63 4 5

3 Value of the deceased's household furniture: bed and table

linens, wines, silver plate, &c. - 2924 8 Si

4 Value of the pictures, drawings, and prints in Wemyss Castle 224 14 6

5 Value of the books in the library at Wemyss Castle 668 4 6

6 The live and dead stock and grain on the farm of Wemyss

belonging to the deceased - 1497 4 10

7 The stock at the Wemyss colliery and salt works which

belonged to the deceased - 6624 3 li

8 Amount of rents due from the lands and barony of Wemyss,

V crop and year 1821 - - 4392 12 9

9 Arrears of rent and feu-duties due by tenants on lands

and barony of Wemyss, crop and year 1820, and pre-

ceding 944 1 H

10 Amount of debts due to the deceased, considered good 2330 17 10i

11 Amount of debts due to the deceased, considered doubtful,

J 3109/. 7s. 9&d. which can only be valued at 500 0 0

1 ! Amount of the personal estate of the deceased - 20,644 li n

| 12 Amount of rents due from the lands and barony of Methill,

which was disponed by General Wemyss to Captain

Wemyss, for crop and year 1821 1982 19 3-rV

13 Arrears of rent and feu-duties from the said lands and

barony, for crop and year 1820, and preceding 292 1 7«

22919 12 9

F. Wal/cer.

i

SCHEDULE (C.) — Rental of the Wemyss Estate, Crop and Year 1822.

1st, or COUNTRY ESTATE. Wheat Barley Oats P rt- 5* ? Commencement Termination

Possessions. Tenants. at 19s. 16s. lOd. 13s 6d. of Leases. of Leases.

1 ~ •

rn r <C j — o © V £ s. (L £ s. d.

Little Raith William Inglijs - - — L 250 0 0 250 0 0 Martinmas, 1816 Martinmas* 1835.

Easter Lochead -Wester Lochead T urselford Branxton, &c. Alexander Brown -W. and D, Reikie -Andrew Leecji James Dingwall ~ . 1 | - _ 175 75 0 0 ,0 0 175 75 0 51 0 0 0 Ditto Do. Ditto Do. Do. Do.

\ • —c o m £i» —#0 fO 20 166 0 7 0 2 20 166 0 7 0 2 Do. Do. T -

Bowhouse Lt. Col. Wemyss*^ - •: ' J _ 300 0 0 300 0 0 Do. Do.

j Clay dales Fourmile House .Tnlin A nrlimmip _ _ or>3 1 0 ft 203 13 1 12 6 0 i Martinmas, 1819 — ~ Martinmas, 1838. During pleasure.

John Gray i: •» 6 48 Zv/J 10 0

Cowdenlaws William Greig - - Ditto - -John Page 132 14 9 132 14 9 Michaelmas, 1803 +- & - Michaelmas, 1832

Plantation Belts, do. - — I 1 10 0 1 10 0 During pleasure.

! Easter Earlseat - —- _ 83 10 5 83 10 5 Martinmas, 1821 Martinmas, 1840.

Wester Earlseat - Alexander Collier - - _ 68 17 4 68 17 4 D o. Do.

Lochead John Wilson - - — — — — 402 19 9 402 19 9 Martinmas, 1814 Martinmas, 1833.

East and West Newton Thomas Henderson 209. 2. 3. 209. 2. 3. 203. 3. ItV — 33 8 0 546 13 0 f DifFerenttimes, 1 | lease for 31 yrs. f Martinmas, 1840.

Wellsgreen James Landale - - . 247 6 10 247 6 10 V; J Martinmas, 1816 C3" 1825.

Backside, Muiredge, &c. James Edington —— — -- 750 0 0 750 0 0 1819 • r- 1830.

J Banks John Balmain - - _ - 9 8 6 9 8 6 1815 — 1824.

IChemical Work Joseph Ostley - - _ — _ 10 10 0 10 10 0 1820 5r- 1841.

Chapel Bank David Herd — — — — 12 0 0 12 0 0 1819 During pleasure.

North wood Fields George Gray - - —* — — — 8 0 0 8 0 0 1815 Martinmas, 1832.

209. 2. 3. 209. 2. 3. 203. 3. 1 j-g 48 2959 14 3 3476 11

2d, WEST WEMYSS.

Wemyss Farm Capt. Wemy's - - — — — — 439 15 7 439 15 7

A. Or rock’s Farm A. Orrock ;j - — — — — 102 15 4 102 15 4

Inclosure Ditto — — • 0 W — 11 14 0 11 14 0 Martinmas, 1814 Year to year.

Field, east of A. Or rock’s Janies Cairns | - - — — 5 — 18 15 3 18 15 3 —r During pleasure.

Inclosure Ditto - - — \ 'r* — — 34 7 4 34 7 4 Martinmas, 1812 Year to year.

Plot, east of A. Orrock’s Walter Alison - - — — 1 5 3 1 5 3 — r For Crop, 1822.

Old Glebe D. and J. Hutchison ' ‘ •; — 3 Q — 20 4 3 20 4 3 Martinmas, 1814 Year to year.

West Wemyss Town - The Burgh — — _ 1 13 4 1 13 4 — Martinmas, 1823.

— In perpetuity.

... ~ ■—' yj — — 630 10 4 F. Walker.

4° GEORGII I M&mpl 19. 293

294 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 19.

Rental of Wemyss Estate, Crop and Year 1822, — continued.

Rate

Possessions. Measurements. Tenants. per Total.

acre.

S. £ s. d. S 0

East Wemyss Lot No. 1. 4 1 28— Andrew Keils 70 15 9 m

Lands. — 2. 4 3 17659 Walter Black 51 12 7 11

Part 4. ( John Keils - - 8 0 0 c5 .

Ditto > 9 2 13 1 David Foreman - 48 8 0 0 a> r

Ditto } I John Burt - - 7 0 0 e 2

Half 5. 1 c 1 382-| George Burt 1 50 6 17 4 CD £

Other Half J o Waiter Foreman J 6 17 4 CO 05

6. 8 3 14- David Black 30 13 5 2 <2.5

Part 7. 2 2 25- Ditto - 52 6 18 4 -4 J a> c5

Other Part 4 1 _ Walter Black 75 15 18 9

8. 5 2 16 Ditto - 63 17 12 9^ G

Half 9. 1 Other Half ) 5 1 36 | George Burt 1 Walter Foreman J 70 9 9 11 11 7i 7 0) CO

10. 7 0 2 Robert Wallace - 60 21 0 9

11. 9 - 91 James Philp - 28 10 9 H

Bleaching "1 f Inhabitants of E. 9 a f During

Green / i W emyss - ) 1 pleasure.

Sea Grass - - James Black’s widow - - 7 6 Ditto.

187 12 4

Buckhaven. Lot No. 1. 1 2 3816 Walter Flockhart 100 8 13 10 (T\ CD

— 2. 4 - 412 Simon Greig 60 12 1 8 s

— 3. 9 - 8 Robert Thompson 70 31 13 6 c

— 4. 8 1 29i£ John Ireland 90 37 19 4 S-c 03

— 5. 3 3 19— Robert Thomson - 17 6 5 S

— 6. 7 1 37ii Alexander Dryburgh 95 35 10 9 a

— 7. 5 1 3— Thomas Morgan 90 24 11 5 0

— 8. 8 - 4— William Anderson 95 38 2 10 CO

— 9. 6 - 37— Thomas Morgan 90 28 1 4 a.

Half of 10. 3 2 17L2 Alexander Dry burgh 70 12 12 4 r-»

Other Half 3 2 17l-2 Alexander Patrick - 12 12 4 § QO

Part of 11.1 OO ft John Balmain - 12 11 6 CD CD

Other Partj 7 z £ Rev. D. Telford - - 6 10 0 u n

Lot 12. 6 - 7- John Balmain - 15 2 3

— 13. 7 3 3-2 John Ireland 60 23 6 4

Half of 14.1 Other HalfJ 12 - 19^2 Alexander Patrick William Anderson 30 9 9 1 1 10 10 CO C OJ

— 15. - - Thomas Morgan 56 18 7 3 cu

— 16. 9 36s- Alexander Dryburgh 21 10 3 6 CD r-1

— 17. 2 2 21 — Alexander Patrick - 10 7 hr i H

East Links - Buckhaven Fishers 2 2 0 ") During

West Den - Simon Greig - _ 12 0 I pleasure.

Tiend Fish - { BuckhavenFisher-1 18 6 8 Ditto.

I men - J

, 394 18 6

I

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 19.

ABSTRACT of the preceding Rental.

Country Estate, viz. £ 5. d. £ 5. d.

Money - 2959 14 3

Wheat 209 2 S at 195. 199 4 fil

Barley 209 2 3 at 165. lOrf. 176 9 8| - • i

Oats 203 3 1^ at 135. 6d. Hens, 48 at 15. 6d. 137 11 6

3 12 0

3476 630 11 10 6b

West Wemyss Lands - 4

East Wemyss Lands - - — — — 187 12 4

Buckhaven Lands ... — — — 394 18 b

Total 4689 12 8J

Add

Feu-duties - - 35 9 6

East Wemyss garden rents - 21 5 6

Rents of houses and yards -Shore dues of Wemyss Harbour, collected in 1822, were 21. 45. But it takes a considerable sum to keep up the harbour, and therefore not brought in. 3 15 0 60 10 0i-°

Total Deduct public and parish burdens, &c. viz. Minister’s stipends -Schoolmaster’s salaries - 4750 2 9±

185 5 4

25 8 10—

Cess - - 98 9

Deduct stated to Methiii estate 14 17 5 83 11 8

Balance statute labour money 4 17 0*

George Robertson’s feu-duty 6 0 0 305 Q 11L2.

Remains ~ - — - - 4444 19 9s-

295

A)

F. Walker.

296

4° GEORGII. IV. Cap. 19.

SCHEDULE (D.) *

Rental of the Lands and others, comprising the Barony of Methill, Crop and Year 1822.

O PH • • "53 • • JZ U cs QJ "53 t i \r 5 S. m 5 'i

Possessions. Tenants. re b. 2*3 CQ re >- CN 4-i c: CO , s: 4-» U g Money. Total.

QJ O- <D CD 53 CO g CO

' a P2 CD 2 Oh re u X '" yt

£ s. d. £ s. d.

Mackie’s Mill David Christie - — 80 at 205. — 24 76 3 2 157 19 2

Tillybreck James Forret — — — — 155 0 0 155 0 0

Part of ditto Wemyss Farm - — — — — 51 10 0 31 10 0

Cameron Farm ( John Eding- > \ ton and Co. £ — — — 36 255 17 t- -j y Q %r 256 1 11 9

Cameron Mill James Haig — — — — 250 0 0 250 0 0

Mailen Robert Keddie - — — — — 5 1 5 1 1*

Methill Hill Jean Henderson — — — — 520 0 0 520 0 0

Waulk Mill ( David Stor- ) ) rar’s Heirs $ — — — — 17 0 0 17 0 0

Part of do. Grounds ( Jas, Swine& ) ( others - S — — — — 3 5 5 5

Part of do. & Haugh t Kirkland £ I Company £ — — — — 65 14 0 65 14 0

Grounds at Kirk- > land - - ) Ditto — — — — 67 10 0 67 10 0

Methill Hill and i an Acre - ) Ditto Rf *nt not yet settl ed.

Kirkland Farm David Russel - — — — — 312 7 6 312 7 6

Little Lun & Maw Alex. Landale - 8 64 18 51 19 18 2 77 17 4

Smithy Hill Pirnie Thomas Fleming — — — 5 — 10 6 — 15 0

James Balfour - — — — 36 16 0 8ft 18 14 8ft

Links, Park, Met- > hill - - J KatharineGentle — — — — 3 3 0 3 3 0

Park eastofMethill John Balmain - — — — — 15 5 0 15 5 0

Innerleven acred } Land -) Robert Annan - — — — — 25 6 10 25 1 6 10

Kinarchie James Thomson — — — — 56 15 0 36 15 0

Haugh David Elder — — — — 33| 0 0 33 °l 0

Total 8 144 18 150 1905 8I *ft 2050*15 11-S- 12

Houses and Yard 1 1 - 8 15 0 !

Methill and Inverleven Feu-duties - 20 7 9ft

Produce of Plantations,—say, - 50 0 0 L

Methill Harbour (taken at Average of the last Two Yeai s>)- 17 10 1 0

Public Burdens. £ j 2147 8 9ft

Minister’s Stipends - 18 15 8 3 z I

Schoolmaster’s Salaries - - 3 2 6

Cess - 58 11 7

60 9 9|

' '

• - Nett Rental £ 1 2086 19 lift

Commencement of

Leases.

Marts. 1815. 1802.

Marts. 1801.

Termination of Leases.

Marts. 1854. 1852.

Marts. 1825. Whits. 1854.

Whits. 1809.

From Year to Year. Marts. 1809.

1802.

9 I v

Ditto.

Ditto.

Whits. 1789.

Marts. 1815. Feus.

Marts. 1829. 1827.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Whits. 1888.

1888. Marts. 1854.

From Year to Year. From Year to Year.

Ditto.

Ditto.

arts. 1822.

£ j

0* So

Ditto.

Ditto.

Marts. 1829.

Abstract of the preceding Rental.

1. Nett Rental of the Wemyss Estate - - ,£4444 19

2. Nett Rental of the Methill Estate

20S6 19 11 "4

Together £6551 19 8i£

F. Walker.

The preceding Rentals are confined to the Rent of the Land, and do not include any Advantage which may come to be derived from the Coal of the Estate; the Condition of which, for a considerable Time past, has been the Cause of great Expenditure, and the Profits from which are at any Time uncertain and variable.

F. Wkilker.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

*Mlt 4M

Cap. 20.

An Act for vesting in Trustees an Estate in the Parish of Cliievely in the County of Berks, devised in strict Settlement by the Will of William Capel Esquire, deceased, and afterwards contracted to be sold by him, in order to effectuate the Sale thereof, agreeably to such Contract.

[17th June 1823.]

WHEREAS William Capel, late of P rest bury in the County of Will of

Gloucester, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, W.Capel Esq. duly signed and published in the Presence of Three subscribing Witnesses, bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of August in the-Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, after disposing of his Wines and Liquors, Household Goods and Furniture, and devising his Estates at Prestbury aforesaid to Susanna Capel his Widow, for her Life, and giving certain Hereditaments and Premises in the City of Gloucester, and at Bishops Cleeve in the County of Gloucester, in Trust to be sold, and bequeathing several pecuniary Legacies, and an Annuity, gave and devised all his Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments at Prestbury aforesaid, subject to the Estate for Life of the said Susanna Capel therein; and also all other his Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever and wheresoever, not thereinbefore disposed of, unto Joseph Watts of Stroud in the County of Gloucester, common Brewer, his Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of the Testator’s eldest Son, Christopher Capel for his Life; Remain-[Private.'] */ der

298

4° GEOR<jII IV. 20.

der to the Use of the said Joseph Watts and his Heirs, during the Life of the said Christopher Capel, to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the said Joseph Watts, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of One thousand Years, for raising Portions for the Daughters of the said Christopher Capel; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Christopher Capel, successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the Testator’s Son William Capaf, for his Life; Remainder to the Use of the said Joseph Watts, and his Heirs, during the Life of the said William Capel the Son, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said William Capel the Son, successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the Testator’s Son Daniel Capel, for his Life; Remainder to the Use of the said Joseph Watts and his Heirs, during the Life of the said Daniel Capel, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Daniel Capel successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the Testator’s Son George Capel for his Life; Remainder to the Use of the said Joseph Watts and his Heirs, during the Life of the said George Capel, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said George Capel successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the Testator’s Son John Capel, for his Life; Remainder to the Use of the said Joseph Watts and his Heirs, during the Life of the said John Capel, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said John Capel successively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the Testater’s Son Samuel Richard Capel, for his Life; Remainder to the Use of the said Joseph Watts and his Heirs, during the Life of the said Samuel Richard Capel, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Samuel Richard Capel successively in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of the said Testator’s own right Heirs; and the said Testator gave all the Rest of his Goods, Chattels, Personal Estate, and Effects whatsoever, not thereinbefore specifically bequeathed, unto the said Susanna Capel, Joseph Watts, Christopher Capel, and Daniel Capel, upon Trust, after Payment of his the said Testator’s Debts, Funeral and Testamentary Expences, and discharging certain specific Sums thereout, to invest the Residue thereof upon Government or other Public Stocks, Funds, or Securities, or upon Real Securities at Interest, and pay unto or permit the said Testator’s Wife and her Assigns to receive the Whole of the said Dividends, Interest, and Proceeds thereof, for her Life, in case she should so long continue his Widow; and after her Decease or Marriage, which should first happen, then upon Trust, that they the said Trustees, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, did and should pay or assign and transfer the Whole of the said Trust Monies, Funds, and Securities unto or between and among all and every or such One or more of the Children of the said Testator or their Children, either exclusively, or in such Parts, Shares, or Proportions, to become vested or payable at such Time or Times, either absolutely or conditionally, and subject to such Provisoes or Limitations over (such Provisoes and Limitations over to be for the Benefit of some or one of the said Testator’s Children or Grand-children) and in such Manner and Form in all respects as the said Testator’s said Wife, if she should continue his Widow, by Deed or Will to be executed as therein mentioned should appoint; but in case of her Second Marriage, and in default of any such Appointment,

io or

299

4° GWtf&m IVv 20.

or in case any such should be made, then, subject to the same, in Trust for all and every of the said Testator’s Children, equally between or amongst them, Share and Share alike, and his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and the said Testator appointed the said Susanna Capel, Joseph Watts, Christopher Capel, and Daniel Capet, Executors of his said Will: And whereas the said William Capel, the Testator, afterwards duly made and published a Codicil to his said Will, in the Presence of Three subscribing Witnesses, bearing Date the Twenty-fourth Day of September, in the said Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, whereby he gave certain Directions as to his residuary Personal Estate, but did not therein make any Disposition of any Part of his Real Estate : And whereas in and by certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Twenty-seventh Day of May in the said Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and made between the said Christopher Capel, for and on behalf of the said William Capel, the Testator, of the one Part, and Joseph Bartholomew of Aldsworth in the County of Berks, Esquire, of the other Part, the said Christopher Capel, on behalf of the said William Capel, the Testator, agreed in Consideration of the Sum of Twenty-four thousand Pounds, to be paid in the Manner therein-after mentioned, to sell to the said Joseph Bartholomew, for an Estate in Fee Simple in Possession, free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, all those Farms called Chievley Farm and Radnalls Farm \ and all the Messuages, Lands, Cottages, Hereditaments and Premises in the Parish of Chievley in the said County of Berks, then in the Occupation of the said Joseph Bartholomew and George Burgess; and also all those Woods called Phillips Hill and Hasel Hanger, then in Hand, and situate in the said Parish of Chievley : And whereas, after having entered into the said Contract, the said Testator, William Capel, made and published another Codicil to his said Will, in the Presence of Three subscribing Witnesses, bearing Date the Sixth Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, whereby, after reciting the said Sale so made by him as aforesaid, the said Testator declared his Will to be, that Six thousand Pounds, Part of the said Purchase Money for the said Estate so contracted to be sold, should sink into the Residuum of his Personal Estate, as disposed of by his Will; and that the rest of the said Purchase Money should go and belong to the same Persons, for the same Estates and Interests, as that Estate would have gone if it had not been sold : And whereas the said Testator, William Capel, departed this Life in or about the Month of October in the said Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, without having executed any Conveyance of the said Estate at Chievley, so as aforesaid contracted to be sold by him, and without having revoked or altered his said Will, otherwise than as herein-before mentioned, and without having in any respect revoked or altered his said Codicils, or either of them, leaving the said Susanna Capel his Widow, the said Christopher Capel his eldest Son and Heir at Law, and the said William Capel, Daniel Capel, George Capel, John Capel, and Samuel Richard Capel, his only other Children: And whereas the said Christopher Capel, in the Month of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, intermarried with Elizabeth Forbes, by whom he hath Issue One Son only, to wit, Christopher Capel, an Infant under the Age of one Year: And whereas neither the said William Capel the Son, nor the said Daniel Capel, George Capel, John Capel, and Samuel Richard Capel, or either of them, have any Issue Male : And whereas the said Estate at Chievley, so as aforesaid contracted to be sold by the said William Capel

300

4° GEORGII IV. 20.

the Testator, after the Date of his said Will, being comprized in the General Devise in the said Will of all the rest of the said Testator’s Real Estate not therein-before disposed of, and the said Contract for Sale, having only operated as a Revocation in Equity of the Devise of the said Premises so contracted for, the same Premises on the Death of the said William Capel the Testator, notwithstanding the said Contract, remained and continued at Law subject and liable to the Limitations contained in the said Will; and by virtue thereof the said Christopher Capel the Infant is now seised as Tenant in Tail Male of the legal Estate of and in the same Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments so as aforesaid contracted to be sold by the said Testator, subject to the precedent Estates thereof limited in and by the said Will: And whereas, by reason of the Infancy of the said Christopher Capel, the legal Tenant in Tail of the said Estate, so contracted for as aforesaid, the said Christopher Capel the elder, William Capel the Son, Daniel Capel, George Capel, John Capel, and Samuel Richard Capel, and the said Susanna Capel, and Joseph Watts, are unable to make an effectual Conveyance of the legal Fee of the said Estate to the Purchaser thereof, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Christopher Capel the elder, on behalf of himself and the said Christopher Capel his Infant Son, and the said Susanna Capel, Joseph Watts, Daniel Capel, William Capel the Son, George Capel, John Capel, and Samuel Richard Capel, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the said Messuages or Tenements, several Closes, Pieces, and Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, called Chievley Farm and Radnalls Farm, and the said Woods called Phillips Hill and Hazel Hanger, and in the Schedule to this Act more particularly mentioned and described, all situate in the Parish of Chievley aforesaid, in the said County of Berks, and so as aforesaid contracted to be sold by the said William Capel deceased, to the said Joseph Bartholomew, together with all and every their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, and of every Part thereof, shall from and immediately after the passing of this Act be absolutely vested in the said Joseph Watts and Christopher Capel the elder, and their Heirs, to the Use of them the said Joseph Watts and Christopher Capel the elder, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and absolutely v^Uof^the16 acclu^t:e^» exonerated, and discharged of and from all and every the Uses, said William Estatess Limitations, Charges, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Capel, de- Agreements, in and by the said Will of the said William Capel, deceased, limited, expressed, declared, and contained of and concerning the same, or any Part or Parts thereof; but nevertheless upon the Trusts, and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes herein-after expressed and declared of and concerning the same, that is to say, upon Trust that they the said Joseph Watts and Christopher Capel the elder, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, upon Payment by the said Joseph Bartholomew, his Heirs or Assigns, of the Purchase Money for the same, in Manner herein-after mentioned, convey and assure the said Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, unto him the said Joseph Bartholomew, his Appointee or Appointees, or his or their Heirs and Assigns, or in such other

Estate vested in Trustees and their Heirs.

Freed from the Uses

ceased.

Upon Trust on Payment of Purchase Money, to convey the same to the Purchaser.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 20.

other Manner as he or they shall direct or appoint, freed, acquitted, exonerated, and discharged as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That when the said Purchase Money for the said Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, shall be paid by the said Joseph Bartholomew, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, " ex parte the Purchaser of the Estate of the late William Capel deceased," pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, Chapter the Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth; and as soon as may be s&ter such Monies shall have been so paid as aforesaid, the same shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way by the said Christopher Capel, on behalf of himself and his said Infant Son, and by the said Susanna Capel, Joseph Watts, Christopher Capel, and Daniel Capel, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, as Devisees of the Residuary Personal Estate of the said Testator, be applied, laid out, and invested under the Order and with the Approbation of the said Court, agreeably to the Directions, and according to the Trusts expressed and declared of and concerning the said Purchase Money, in and by the said last herein-before mentioned Codicil of the said William Capel, the Testator.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid into the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, for the Purchase of the said Premises, or so much thereof as shall not be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be applied in the Payment of the Costs and Expences according to the Provisions herein contained, shall in the meantime and until the same Monies shall be respectively applied and invested, be from Time to Time laid out by the said Accountant General in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills; provided that it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to make such General Order or Orders, or Special Order or Orders, if necessary, that whensoever the Exchequer Bills of the Date of those in the Hands of the said Accountant General shall be in a Course of Payment by Government, and new Exchequer Bills shall be issued, such new Exchequer Bills may be received in exchange for those which are in a Course of Payment, as shall be effectual for enabling such Receipt in exchange, and that in that Event the Interest of the old Bills shall be laid out as before directed with respect to the Interest when the Bills are paid off*; all which said Navy and Victualling Bills and Exchequer Bills, whether purchased or exchanged, shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until the same shall, upon Petition to be preferred to the said Court in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who shall for the Time being be entitled to the Proceeds of the said Purchase Money, or by the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons being an Infant or Infants, be ordered

:to be sold by the said Accountant General, and applied and invested in -such Manner as the said Court shall think just and meet; and if the Money arising by such Sale of any such Navy or Victualling Bills or J-.i [Private 4g u Exchequer

.301

Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Accountant General' of the Court of Chancery;

and to be applied according to the Directions of the last Codicil of the saict Testator.

Purchase Money paid into the Bank to be subject to the Orders of the Court of Chancery.

302

Certificate of Accountant General, and Receipt of Cashiers of the Bank, to be a Discharge to the Purchaser.

The Court of Chancery may tax Costs.

Appointment of new Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 20.

Exchequer Bills, which shall have been purchased as aforesaid, shall exceed the Amount of the original Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in that Case only the Surplus which shall remain shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to the Proceeds of the said Purchase Money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, of Payment into the Bank of England by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Hereditaments and Premises, or of any Part or Parts thereof, shall from Time to Time be a good and effectual Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and to his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the said Purchase Monies, or so much thereof for which such Certificates and Receipts shall be respectively given; and after filing such Certificates and Receipts as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the said Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nomapplication thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Chancery from Time to Time to make such Order, as the said Court shall think fir, for taxing and settling all Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall have been or shall be incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, and which have been incurred in the several Stages and Proceedings preparatory thereto, and in making the several Applications to the said Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, and laying out and investing all or any of the Monies which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England, according to the Directions herein contained or otherwise, in carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution; and also from Time to Time to make an Order, if to the same Court it shall seem fit, for the Payment of such last-mentioned Costs, Charges, and Expences, out of the Monies so to be paid into the said Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Money arising by the said Sale of the said Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if either of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or any future Trustee or Trustees who shall succeed, or shall be appointed in the Place or Stead of them or either of them, as herein-after is mentioned, shall die, or desire to be discharged from, or shall refuse or decline, or become incapable to act in the Trusts or Powers hereby reposed in them or him respectively, or shall go out of Great Britain before the said Trusts shall be fully performed and executed, then and so often as any such Case shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, upon the Petition of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Dividends and Proceeds of the said Monies, or of the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons being an Infant or Infants, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees, in the Stead or Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or refusing or declining or becoming incapable to act, or going

i 8 out

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 20.

out of Great Britain as aforesaid; and when and so often as any Trustee or Trustees shall have been nominated and appointed in manner aforesaid, all the said Trust Estates which shall then be vested in the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or refusing or declining or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain as aforesaid, either solely or jointly with the other Trustee of the same Trust Estates, shall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and assured in such Manner that the same may be legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing Trustee of the same Trust Estates and such new or other Trustee jointly, or in such new Trustees only, as the Case may require, upon the same Trusts, and for the same Intents and Purposes, as are herein-before expressed, declared, and contained, or so many of them as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking effect; and such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may in all things act in the Management and Execution of the Trusts hereby created, as fully and effectually, and with all the same Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had been originally by this Act nominated a Trustee or Trustees.

VII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said Christopher Capel the elder, the said Christopher Capel his Infant Son and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the said William Capel the Son, Daniel Capel, George Capel, John Capel, and Samuel Richard Capel, and their respective Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies respectively, and also the said Susanna Capel and Joseph Watts, and all other Persons having or lawfully claiming, or who shall or may have or lawfully claim any Estate, Right, Title, Claim, or Interest under or by virtue of the said Will or Codicils of the said William Capel deceased,) all such Estate, Right, Title, Claim, and Interest, in, to, or out of the said Hereditaments and Premises hereby vested andkettled, as they and every or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, and enjoyed, in case this Act had not been passed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

General

Saving.

Evidence

Clause.

304

jg I! , W

iififlliW i nsti xstiu • JafS b iJt.j; mi domM

4° GEORGII IV. 20.

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

I

DESCRIPTION OF PREMISES.

A Capital Messuage or Mansion-house, with the Outbuildings, Offices, Barn, Stables, Garden and Pleasure Ground; and also several Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, called Chievley Farm; and the Closes and Parcels of Arable Land and Wood Ground, called Phillips Hill and Hazel Hanger, all situate in the Parish of Chievley in the County of Berks, together with the Rectorial Tithes of all the said Lands and Premises

Several Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, called Radnal’s Farm, situate in the said Parish of I Chievley, together with all the Rectorial |

Number of Acres.

a. a. p.

Tithes thereof

A Cottage in the Village and Parish of Chievley aforesaid -

Another Do. - in Do. and Do.

-fe," *:r

i}

347 0 0

52 0 0

TENANTS NAMES.

Joseph Bartholomew.

I he same.

.lames Povey. Charles Ash ridge.

3 W* iryl\ i

h

Thos Hawker*

TO

T

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 21.

An Act for exchanging certain Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Sir William Guise Baronet, in strict Settlement for certain other Estates in the County of Gloucester; and for vesting other Parts of the said Estates in Trustees, to be sold for paying oft' Incumbrances, and for other Purposes.

[17th June 1823.]

WHEREAS Sir William Guise, formerly of Rendcomb Park in Will of the County of Gloucester, Baronet, by his last Will and Sir William Testament in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Twenty-first Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, signed March 1783. and published by him in the Presence of Three subscribing Witnesses, after making certain specific Devises and Bequests, gave and devised all other his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rectories, Tithes,

Rents, Advowsons, and Hereditaments whatsoever not therein-before devised, whereof or wherein he or any other Person or Persons in Trust for him then had or was entitled to any Estate of Freehold or Inheritance, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, unto Sir William Codrington Baronet, and the Honourable Daines Barrington, and their Heirs, to the Intent that certain Persons therein named, and who are all since deceased, should, out of the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rectories, Tithes, Rents, Advowsons, Hereditaments, and \_Private.~] 4 Premises,

306

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 2\.

Premises, severally have, receive, and take, yearly and every Year for and during their respective Lives, certain yearly Sums therein mentioned, and subject thereto, to the Use of his the said Testator’s Sister, the Honourable Jane Barrington, then the Wife of the Honourable and Right Reverend Father in God Shute Lord Bishop of Salisbury, afterwards Lord Bishop of Durham, and her Assigns, for her Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the Use of the said Trustees and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Jane Barrington, in Trust to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Jane Barrington, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the Daughters of the said Jane Barrington, equally to be divided between

them, if more than One, as Tenants in Common in Tail General, with Cross-remainders between them; Remainder to the Use of John Guise of Highnam in the said County of Gloucester, Esquire, afterwards Sir John Guise Baronet, and his Assigns for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the Use of the said Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of the said John Guise, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of all and every the Son and Sons, or of such One or more of the Son or Sons of the said John Guise, for such Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests, and in such Parts, Shares, or Proportions, and with, under, and subject to such Conditions and Restrictions, and with such Limitations over, such Limitations over being for the Benefit of some or One of the said Sons of the said John Guise, as the said John Guise by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, with or without Power of Revocation, to be sealed and delivered by him in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, or by his last Will and Testament in Writing, to be signed, published, and declared by him in the Presence of and attested by Three or more credible Witnesses, should declare, direct, or appoint; and in Default of such Declaration, Direction, or Appointment, or in case any should be made,

then, when and so often as the same should respectively end and determine, to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said John Guise, severally, successively, and in Remainder in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of Daughters of the said John Guise, equally to be divided between them, if more than One, as Tenants in Common in Tail General, with Cross-remainders between them; Remainder to the Use of his the said Testator’s own right Heirs for ever: And whereas the said Sir William Guise departed this Life in the said Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, without having revoked or in any Manner altered his said Will, leaving the said Jane Barrington, the Wife of the said Shute Lord Bishop of Salisbury, afterwards Lord Bishop of Durham, his only Sister and Heiress at Law : And whereas under and by virtue of the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of

34G.3. His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for dividing,

allotting, and laying in Severalty the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes of Elmore and Brockworth; and also for dividing, inclosing, and allotting a certain Open and Common Field, called Calmsden Field, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Calmsden in the Parish of North Cerney in the County of Gloucester; the said Shute then Lord Bishop of Durham, and the said Jane his Wife, by 1 hree several Indentures of Mortgage bearing Date respectively the Seventh Day of February, the Seventh Day of February, and the Fourth

Day

307

4° GEORGII IV.

Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, charged certain Parts of the said Estates as aforesaid, devised by the Will of the said Sir William Guise, with the Payment of the several Sums of Nine hundred and ninety-four Pounds, Nine hundred and thirty Pounds, and One hundred and sixty-four Pounds, with Interest for the same respectively; which said several Principal Sums, making in all Two thousand and eighty-eight Pounds, still remain due and unpaid : And whereas the said John Guise, Will of then Sir John Guise Baronet, by his last Will and Testament in Writing, Sir John bearing Date on or about the Twelfth Day of February One thousand dated^th1' seven hundred and eighty-nine, and signed and published by him in the Feb 1739 Presence of Three subscribing Witnesses, gave and bequeathed to each of his younger Sons who should survive him, and live to attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, the Sum of Two thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, and to each of his Daughters who should survive him, and live to attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, the Sum of Three thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid to his said Sons and Daughters respectively within Three Months after the Decease of the said Jane Barrington, and not before; and after reciting that the said Sir William Guise, at the Time of making his said recited Will, and at the Time of his Death, was seised in Fee of divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Brockworth in the said County of Gloucester; (that is to say), a Messuage, Farm, Lands, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, then in the Possession of Richard Hill, and let to him at the yearly Rent of Two hundred and thirty Pounds; a Messuage, Farm,

Lands, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, called Fhe Court Farm, then in the Possession of Joseph Baldwin, and let to him at the Rent of Two hundred and twenty-four Pounds; a Messuage, Farm,

Lands, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, called Fhe Parsonage, then in the Possession of the said Joseph Baldwin, and let to him at the Rent of One hundred and seventy-four Pounds; a Messuage, Farm,

Lands, and Hereditaments, called Dray's Court, then in the Possession of John Jones, and let to him at the Rent of One hundred and forty-five Pounds; and a Messuage, Farm, Lands, and Hereditaments, then in the Possession of John Kemble, and let to him at the Rent of Ninety-nine Pounds; the said Testator directed, limited, and appointed the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with their Appurtenances in Brockworth aforesaid, to his Son Berkeley William Guise9 now Sir Berkeley William Guise Baronet, and his Assigns, until he should attain the Age of Twenty-two Years, if he should so long live, and if he should at any Time before his attaining that Age pay or secure to be paid to his the said Testator’s Wife Dame Elizabeth Guise, and Benjamin Hyett Esquire, or the Survivor of them, so much Money as should be required in Aid of the said Testator’s own Real Estate not in Settlement, and of his Personal Estate not in his said Will particularly bequeathed, to make good the Payment of the Legacies therein-before : -

and therein-after mentioned, and particularly those to his said younger Sons and Daughters, when and as the same should respectively become payable, then the said Testator limited and appointed the same Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to his Son the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, with divers Limitations over, in case of the Death of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise under the Age of Twenty-two Years, or his neglecting or refusing to pay or secure the said Legacies 5 and the said Testator limited and

appointed

308

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 21.

appointed all other the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rectories, Tithes, Rents, Adyowsons, and Hereditaments devised to him for his Life, with Power of Appointment as aforesaid, by the said recited Will of the said Sir William Guise deceased, to his Son the said Sir Berkeley William Guise and his Assigns for Life, without Impeachment of Waste, Remainder to Trustees and their Heirs during his Life, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, severally, successively, and in Remainder in Tail Male; Remainder to his the said Testator’s Son John Wright Guise, and his Assigns for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs during his Life, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said John Wright Guise, severally, successively, and in Remainder in Tail Male; Remainder to his the said Testator’s Son Powell Colchester Guise, (in the said Will called Powell George Guise), and his Assigns for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs during his Life, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Powell Colchester Guise, severally, successively, and in Remainder in Tail Male; Remainder to his the said Testator’s Son Martin George Guise (in the said Will called Martin Wright Guise), and his Assigns for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs during his Life, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Martin George Guise, severally, successively, and in Remainder in Tail Male $ Remainder to his the said Testator’s Son Christopher William Guise (since deceased) and his Assigns for Life, without Impeachment of Waste j Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs during his Life, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Christopher William Guise, severally, successively, and in Remainder in Tail Male; Remainder to all and every other his the said Testator’s Son and Sons to be begotten, severally, successively, and in Remainder, according to Priority of Birth in Tail Male : And the said Testator declared it to be his Will, that the Limitation to all and every his Daughter and Daughters, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, contained in the said recited Will of the said Sir William Guise, should take place, and as far as he could, he the said Testator directed, limited, and appointed the same Manors, Hereditaments, and Premises to all and every his Daughters equally between them as Tenants in Common in Tail, with Cross-remainders between them in Tail, with Remainder to the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, his Heirs and Assigns for ever: And whereas in or about the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy, the said Sir John Guise intermarried with Elizabeth Wright, by whom he had issue Five Sons, that is to say, the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, John Wright Guise, Powell Colchester Guise, Martin George Guise, and Christopher William Guise, and Three Daughters, that is to say, Elizabeth Guise, Maria Guise, and Jane Mary Catherine Guise, his only Children : And whereas the said Maria Guise departed this Life in the Life-time of the said Sir John Guise, an Infant and unmarried: And whereas the said Sir John Guise departed this Life in or about the Month of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, without having revoked or in any Manner altered his said Will, leaving the said Dame Elizabeth Guise his Widow, the said Sir Berkeley William Guise his eldest Son, and John Wright Guise, Powell Colchester Guise, Martin George Guise, Christoper

7 William

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 2\.

William Guise, Elizabeth Guise, and Jane Mary Catherine Guise, him sup • viving, and no other Issue: And whereas the said Elizabeth Guise, the Daughter, departed this Life in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, without having ever been married : And whereas the said Sir Berkeley William Guise attained his Age of Twenty-one Years in the Month of July in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and before he attained his Age of Twenty-two Years, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Sixth and Seventh Days of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, granted and released certain Messuages, Cottages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of Gloucester, unto and to the Use of the said Dame Elizabeth Guise and Benjamin Hyett, their Heirs and Assigns, by way of Mortgage, for securing the several Legacies so as aforesaid given and bequeathed to the said John Wright Guise, Powell Colchester Guise, Martin George Guise, and Christopher William Guise, by the said Will of the said Sir John Guise deceased; and by another Indenture of Mortgage, bearing Date on or about the Twenty-second Day of June in the said Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the said Sir Berkeley William Guise granted and released the same Messuages, Cottages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, unto and to the Use of the said Dame Elizabeth Guise and Benjamin Hyett, their Heirs and Assigns, by way of Mortgage, for securing the said Legacy of Three thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, so given and bequeathed to the said Jane Mary Catherine Guise by the said recited Will of the said Sir John Guise deceased : And whereas the said Christopher William Guise departed this Life in or about the Month of October the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, an Infant and unmarried : And whereas in or about the Month of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the said Jane Barrington departed this Life without Issue, and upon her Decease the said Sir Berkeley William Guise became entitled in Fee Simple to the said several Farms in the Parish of Brockworth, in the said recited Will of the said Sir John Guise particularly mentioned, and to the Manor, Advowson, and certain other Hereditaments in the said Parish of Brockworth, and to the other Manors, Estates, and Premises devised by the said Will of the said Sir William Guise, and limited and appointed by the said Will of the said Sir John Guise as herein-before mentioned, as Tenant for Life, in strict Settlement, subject to the Charges made thereon by the said Shute Lord Bishop of Durham, and Jane Barrington his Wife, under and by virtue of the Act of Inclosure herein-before mentioned: And whereas the said Jane Mary Catherine Guise, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, intermarried with Edward Webb Esquire, and departed this Life in the Month of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, leaving One Daughter, Elizabeth Frances Webb, and no other Issue : And whereas the said Sir Berkeley William Guise is a Bachelor: And whereas the said John Wright Guise in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen intermarried with Charlotte Diana Vernon, by whom he has Issue Three Sons and no more, that is to say, William Vernon Guise, Henry John Guise, and Francis Edward Guise, all Infants: And whereas the said Powell Colchester Guise, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, intermarried with Maria Clifford, by whom he had Issue Four Sons and no more, that is to say, William Christopher Guise, George Clifford Guise, Henry Colchester Guise,[ and John Clifford Guise : And whereas the said7 Henry Colchester Guise and John Clifford Guise are both dead: And whereas the said Martin George Guise is a Bachelor in South America: [Private.'] 4 j And

310

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 2\.

And whereas the Part of the Estates in the said Parish of Brotkivorffa which were not appointed to the said Sir Berkeley William Guise in Fee Simple by the said Will of the said Sir John Guise deceased, consist only of the Manor and Advowson of Brockworth, and of certain detached Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tithes, in the said Parish of Brockworth, not conveniently situated to be occupied distinct from the other Estates in the same Parish, which were appointed to and are now vested in the said Sir Berkeley William Guise in Fee Simple : And whereas other Part of the said Estates, limited by the said recited Wills of the said Sir William Guise and Sir John Guise to the said Sir Berkeley William Guise for Life, with Remainders over in strict Settlement, consist of the Manor and Advowson of Elmore, and of various Estates, Farms, and Lands, in the Parishes of Elmore and Hardwick in the said County of Gloucester, containing One thousand three hundred and eighteen Acres Two Roods and Five Perches or thereabouts, and of the Manor of Rodley, and a Cottage and Premises in the Parish of Westbury-upon Severn, in the said County of Gloucester, and a Fishery in the River Severn belonging thereto, and also of Four Cottages and Premises situate at Great Marlow in the County of Bucks, and of Two Cottages or Tenements, and a Piece of Arable Land, and a Piece of Woodland Ground or Coppice in the Parish of Ipsden in the County of Oxford :■ And whereas the Manor House at Elmore hath been fora great Number of Years suffered to run to decay, and is now completely dilapidated, and there is no House on the said Estates at Elmore suitable for the Residence of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, or the future Owners of the said Estates: And whereas the said Manor of Rodley, the said Cottage at Westbury-upon-Severn, and the said Fishery in? the River Severn, are detached from the other Estates, and the said Cottages and Premises at Great Marlow, and the said Cottages, Piece of Land and Wood at Jpsden, lying at a great Distance from the other Estates, are totally unconnected therewith: And whereas the said Sir Berkeley William Guise is seised in Fee Simple to him and his Heirs of the Manors of Highnam, Over, and Linton, in the said County of Gloucester, and of a Capital Messuage or Mansion House called Highnam Court, with the Pleasure Grounds, Park, and Plantations belonging thereto, for many Years occupied by his late Father the said Sir John Guise, and of his Ancestors, and forming a most desirable and splendid Residence, and of various Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, at Highnam, Over, and Linton in the said County of Gloucester, comprising in the whole One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine Acres One Rood and Eight Perches or thereabouts, all contiguous to the said Mansion House, and in the immediate Neighbourhood of the City of Gloucester, being the paternal Estate of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, (and being the Estates comprised in the Second Schedule hereto) : And whereas it would be greatly advantageous to the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, and the several other Persons entitled under the Limitations in the said Wills of the said Sir William Guise and Sir John Guise, if the Manor and Advowson and such Parts of the Hereditaments and Premises at Brockworth, late the Property of the said Six William Guise, and of which the said Sir Berkeley William Guise is seised for Life, with Remainders over in strict Settlement, and the said Manor and Estates at Elmore, (being the Manors and Estates comprised in the First Schedule to this Act annexed) were exchanged for the said Mansion House, Manors, and Estates at Highnam, Over, and Linton, of which the said Sir Berkeley William Guise is seised

311

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 21.

in Fee Simple as herein-before is mentioned, (being the Manors and Estates comprised in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed), and if the said Manor of Rodley, the said Fishery in the River Severn, the said Cottage at Westbury-upon-Severn, and the said Cottages and Premises at Great Marlow, and the said Cottages, Land, and Wood at Ipsden,

(being the Hereditaments comprised in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed) were sold in order to pay off the Charges to which the said Estates are subjected under and by virtue of the said Act of Inclosure, and to defray the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and other Expences attending the same; and the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, John Wright Guise, Powell Colchester Guise, and Martin George Guise, and the said Edward Webb on the Behalf of the said Elizabeth Frances IVebb, are all desirous that such Exchange and Sale should be effected : Therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, John Wright Guise, on Behalf of himself and the said William Vernon Guise, Henry John Guise, and Francis Edward Guisei his Sons, Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years, the said Powell Colchester Guise, on Behalf of himself and the said William Christopher Guise and George Clifford Guise, his Sons, Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and the said Martin George Guise, and the said Edward Webb, on Behalf of the said Elizabeth Frances Webb, his Infant Daughter, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and Premises angular the several Manors, Advowsons, Messuages, Farms, Lands, and described in other Hereditaments described in the First Schedule to this Act, and which schedule are Part of the Hereditaments devised by the said Will of the said Sir discharged William Guise, and limited and appointed by the said Will of the said of all Trusts Sir John Guise deceased, with their several Rights, Members, and Appur- and vested tenances, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, J? ?' yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits of all and singular the same Gf the Pre-Hereditaments, shall be freed and discharged, and be absolutely acquitted mises de-and exonerated of and from all and every the Uses, Trusts, Estates, scribed in the Limitations, Conditions, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations in or by "'c e~

virtue of the said Wills, of the said Sir William Guise and Sir John Guise, deceased, severally limited, created, contained, and referred to, of or concerning the same, and so freed, discharged, acquitted, and exonerated, shall be vested in the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, his Heirs and Assigns, to the only Use and Behoof of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, wThich said Manors, Advowsons, Messuages,

Farms, Lands, and other Hereditaments by this Act limited to and to the Use of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, his Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, are so limited in lieu of and in Exchange and full Satisfaction for the Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, and other Hereditaments of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, described in the Second Schedule to this Act.

Premises dc*

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this scribed in the Act, all and singular the Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, and other Second Sche-Hereditaments particularly described in the said Second Schedule to this th^Uses* Aart,.together with all and every the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances ^fthesaiT

thereunto recited Wills.

312

Power of Re-entry in case of Eric-tion.

r,’

Hereditaments specified in the Third Schedule vested in Trustees for Sale.

5

4° GEORGII IV.

thereunto belonging, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits of all and singular the same Hereditaments, shall be and stand settled and assured, and remain and continue, and the same are hereby settled and assured, and declared to remain and continue freed and discharged of and from all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise and his Heirs, except the Estate for Life to which he is entitled under the said Wills of the said Sir William Guise and Sir John Guise, but to, upon, for, with, under, and subject to such and so many of the Uses, Trusts, Intents, Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, Conditions, Limitations, and Declarations, by and in the said Wills of the said Sir William Guise and Sir John Guise deceased, severally limited, declared, and contained, of or concerning the Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, and other Hereditaments thereby devised, as are now subsisting, undetermined, or capable of taking Effect, in lieu of and in Exchange and full Satisfaction for the Manors, Advowsons, Messuages, Farms, Lands, and other Hereditaments comprised in the said First Schedule to this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any of the several Hereditaments herein-before respectively limited, settled, and assured by way of Exchange as aforesaid, shall at any Time or Times hereafter be lawfully recovered from, or taken out of the Possession of the Person or Persons in or upon whom or to whose Use the same Hereditaments are by this Act respectively vested or settled as aforesaid, or his or their respective Heirs or Assigns, by any Right or Title precedent to the passing of this Act, without the Neglect or Default of such Person or Persons, then and from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Person and Persons, and his or their Heirs or Assigns, out of whose Possession such Hereditaments shall be so lawfully recovered and taken away, from and immediately after such his or their Eviction from or Loss of the Possession of the said Hereditaments respectively, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, to enter into the several Hereditaments hereby settled and assured in lieu of and in Exchange for the said Hereditaments which shall be so lawfully recovered and taken away, and the same to have, hold, repossess, and enjoy, as in his, her, or their first and former Estate, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Manor, Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and other Hereditaments, particularly described and comprised in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed, together with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, and of every Part thereof, shall from and immediately; after the passing of this Act be vested in and settled upon, and the same are hereby vested in and settled upon Edward IVebb of Adwell in the County of Oxford, Esquire, and John Phillpotts of the City of Gloucester, Esquire, and their Heirs, to the Use of them the said Edward Webb and John Phillpotts, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, and discharged of and from all and every the Uses, Estates, Limitations, Charges, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements in and by the said Wills of the said Sir William Guise

and

313

GEORGII IV. , Cap. 2i.

#V; JKI KJr' -A K.>* at"

and Sir John Guise, deceased, severally limited, expressed, declared, and contained of and concerning the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, but nevertheless upon the Trusts, and to and for the Ends and Purposes herein-after expressed and declared of and concerning the same; (that is to say), upon Trust that they the said Edward Webb and John Phillpotts, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, with the Approbation of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, or the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the said Manor and Hereditaments under the Limitations in the said Wills of the said Sir William Guise and Sir John Guise respectively, or of the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons, being an Infant or Infants, absolutely make Sale and dispose of the said Manor and other Hereditaments hereby vested in them the said Edward Webb and John Phillpotts, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust as aforesaid, either together or in Parcels, and either by Public Sale or Private Contract, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase the same Hereditaments and Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, for the best Price or Prices in Money that can be reasonably had or gotten for the same; and upon Payment of the Monies for which the same shall be respectively sold, in manner herein-after mentioned, shall and do convey and assure the said Manor and other Hereditaments so sold unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, or to such other Uses as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint, freed, acquitted, exonerated, and discharged as aforesaid. jo A

V. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise from the Sale Purchase of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments herein- Money to be before made saleable as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Purchaser or Pur- gankofEng-chasers, of the said Manor and ether Hereditaments into the Bank of land. England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Purchasers of the Settled Estates of Sir Berkeley William Guise Baronet, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth; and as soon as may be after such Monies shall have been Application so paid as aforesaid, the same, or a competent Part thereof, shall, upon of Monies, a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way by the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, or the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the said Hereditaments by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said Wills of the said Sir William Guise and Sir John Guise deceased, or by the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons, being an Infant or Infants, be applied in the Discharge of the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the applying for and passing of this Act, and of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the Execution of the Trusts hereby created, and in paying off and discharging the several Sums charged upon the said Estates as herein-before mentioned, under and by virtue of the said Act of lnclosune;. and the Residue or Surplus (if any) of such Monies shall, upon Petition to be preferred in the said Court of [Private.'] 4 Chancery

314

4° GEORGII IV. 21.

Purchase of Lands,

Surplus to be Chancery in a summary Way by the Person or Persons so entitled as afore-laid out in the S2id9 or by the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons, being an Infant or Infants, be laid out and invested, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee Simple, contiguous to or convenient to be held with the Settled Estates of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise; and the Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid shall, under the Directions of the said Court, be settled to the several Uses, upon and for the several Trusts, Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the several Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, in and by the said Wills of the said Sir William Guise and Sir John Guise, deceased, severally limited, expressed, or contained of and concerning the Hereditaments hereby vested in the said Trustees, in Trust for Sale as herein-before is mentioned, or such and so many of them as shall be then subsisting undetermined and capable of taking Effect.

Money paid into the Bank to be subject to the Order of the said Court of Chancery.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Name of the said Accountant General, out of the Monies arising by such Sales, in the Manner herein-before directed, or so much thereof as shall not be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be applied in the Payment of the Costs and Expences; and the said Charges, according to the Provisions hereinbefore contained, shall in the meantime and until the same Monies shall be respectively laid out and invested in such Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid, be from Time to Time laid out by the said Accountant General in the Purchase of Navy, or Victualling, or Transport Bills, or of Exchequer Bills; and the Interest arising from the Monies so laid out in the said Navy, Victualling, Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Monies received for the same as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy, or Victualling, or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills; provided that it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to make such General Order or Orders, or Special Order or Orders, if necessary, that whensoever the Exchequer Bills of the Date of those in the Hands of the said Accountant General shall be in a Course of Payment by Government, and new Exchequer Bills shall be issued, such new Exchequer Bills may be received in Exchange for those which are in a Course of Payment, as shall be effectual for enabling such Receipt in Exchange, and in that Event the Interest of the old Bills shall be laid out as before directed with respect to the Interest when the Bills are paid off*; all which said Navy and Victualling and Transport Bills, and Exchequer Bills, whether purchased or exchanged, shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until the same shall, upon Petition to be preferred to the said Court in a summary Way by the said Sir Berkeley William Guise9 or by the Person or Persons who shall for the Time being be entitled as aforesaid, or by the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons, being an Infant or Infants, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for the Purposes aforesaid, in such manner as the said Court shall think just and meet; and if the Money arising by such Sale of any such Navy, or Victualling, or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills, which shall have been purchased as aforesaid, shall exceed the Amount of the

9 original

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 21. .315

original Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in that Case only the Surplus which shall remain shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands to be purchased therewith, if such Purchase were then actually made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of Certificate the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of ^Cash-One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England to be thereto annexed, and jers of the therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, of Bank to be Payment into the Bank of England by the Purchaser or Purchasers of any a sufficient of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold, of his, her, or their p^r^aserst0 Purchase Monies respectively, or of any Part or Parts thereof, shall from Time to Time be a good and effectual Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and to his, her, or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the said Purchase Monies, or so much thereof for which such Certificates and Receipts shall be respectively given; and after filing such Certificates and Receipts as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the said Monies, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application thereof, or be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication thereof.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and ^?urt may be lawful for the said Court of Chancery from Time to Time to may^ax^the make such an Order as the said Court shall think fit, for taxing and settling Costs.

all Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall have been or shall be incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, and which shall have been incurred in the several Steps and Proceedings preparatory thereto, and in making the several Applications to the said Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, and applying and investing all or any of the Monies which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise in carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution; and also from Time to Time to make an Order, if to the same Court it shall seem fit, for the Payment of such last mentioned Costs, Charges, and Expences, out of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Money arising by the said Sale of the said Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in the meantime and until such Until Sale, Sale or Sales as aforesaid, the said Lands and Hereditaments, so hereby authorized to be sold as aforesaid, shall be held and enjoyed, and the peCreSonS en-Rents and Profits thereof be had, received, and taken by and for the titled. Benefit of such Person or Persons as would have been entitled thereunto

and ought to have received the same in case this Act had not been made.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if either of the Appointment Trustees hereby appointed, or any future Trustee or Trustees, who shall ofnewTrui-succeed, or shall be appointed in the Place or Stead of them, or either of lees* them as herein-after is mentioned shall die, or desire to be discharged

from, or shall refuse or decline or become incapable to act in the Trusts

or

316

4" GEORGII IV.

or Powers hereby reposed in them or him respectively, or shall go out of Great Britain before the said Trusts shall be fully performed and executed, then and so often as any such Case shall happen it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, upon the Petition of the Person or Persons for the Time being so entitled as aforesaid; or of the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons, being an Infant or Infants, from d ime to Time to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees, in the Place or Stead of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or refusing or declining or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain as aforesaid; and when and so often as any Trustee or Trustees shall have been nominated and appointed in Manner aforesaid, all the said Trust Estates which shall then be vested in the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or refusing or declining or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain as aforesaid, either solely or jointly with the other Trustee or Trustees of the same Trust Estates respectively, shall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed, settled, and assured in such sort and manner, and so that the same Estates shall immediately thereupon be and become legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees of the same Trust Estates respectively, and such newly appointed Trustees, or in such new or other Trustee or Trustees only, as the Case may require, upon the same Trusts, Ends, Intents, and Purposes, as are herein-before expressed or contained or declared of and concerning the same Estates respectively, or such or so many as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking Effect; and such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may in all Things act in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the Trusts hereby created, as fully and effectually, and with all the same Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had been originally by this Act nominated a Trustee or Trustees.

The Consent of Mr. M. G. Guise to be obtained.

XI. And whereas the said Martin George Guise some Time since went abroad to South America, and his Consent to this Act hath not yet been proved; be it therefore enacted, That this Act shall not, nor shall any thing herein contained, be construed, deemed, or taken to affect, be conclusive upon, or in any Manner to bind the said Martin George Guise or his Issue Male, unless and until he the said Martin George Guise shall signify his Consent to this Act by Writing under his Hand, and attested by One or more Witness or Witnesses, which Writing shall be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery within Three Years from the Date thereof; and such Consent may be given in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

[ Martin George Guise Esquire, do hereby consent to an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for exchanging certain ‘ Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Sir William Guise ‘ Baronet, in strict Settlement, for certain other Estates in the County of Gloucester, and for vesting other Part of the said Estates in Trustees, 4 to be sold for -paying off Incumbrances, and for other Purposes, so far as 4 the said Act can or may affect or concern me, or the Issue Male of my 4 Body and my Heirs, or any Person or Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under me. Given under my Hand this Day of One thousand eight hundred and /

XII. Saving

4° GEORGII IV. 21. 317

XII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every Persons and Person, Bodies Politic ^avln&* and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said Sir Berkeley William Guise,

John Wright Guise, Powell Colchester Guise, Martin George Guise, and Elizabeth Frances Webby and the Sons of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, John Wright Guise, Powell Colchester Guise, and Martin George Guise respectively, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such respective Sons issuing, and the Heirs of the Body of the said Elizabeth Frances Webb, and the Eleirs and Assigns of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, and all other Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest under the Devises or Limitations contained in the said Wills of the said Sir William Guise and Sir John Guise, or either of them); except the Annuitants under the said Will of the said Sir William Guise, all such Estate,

Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of, in, to, and out of the Manors, Advowsons, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments hereby respectively limited, vested, settled, and assured as aforesaid, as they or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printed Act several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to Evidence, print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed

by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges,

Justices, and others.

4/

The

318

4° GEORGII IV. 21.

\h m? i -

i

aSUfcV

I’M,

The FIRST SCHEDULE referred to by this Act;

Containing a Description of the Estates of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, in the several Parishes of Elmore, Longney, Hardwick, and Brockworth, in the County of Gloucester, now in Settlement and to be taken out of Settlement, with their several Annual Rents and Values.

In the Parishes of Elmore, Longney, and Hardwick,

DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY.

The Manor of Elmore, in the County of Gloucester, with the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances thereof.

The Advowson and Right of Patronage to the Perpetual Curacy of Elmore, aforesaid.

A Messuage called Elmore Court, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances,and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground, held therewith -

A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, held therewith

;• I'M ’ ( , r. I

A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground, held therewith, called The Step Farm

A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground, held therewith

Quantities.

Annual

Rents.

R. P.

31 3 13

104 0 35

23 2 27

21 2 24

A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground, held therewith, called The Farm - - 234 I 8

A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground, held therewith,

called The Wear Farm

108 0 18

£ s. d.

' 1 3TI9V9

: 8 vi d

80 0 0

150 0 0

39 0 0

33 0 0

353 0 0

b f x

bteri b fhM fj 180 0 0

Annual

Value.

£ s. d.

bene t$eo new <n&j

80 0 0

150 0 0

s djiw ,sganisgc»iVI i

JnrqqA bus *an9b || sidxnA le gbarad

fbftuoiO

George Carveth.

39 0 0

33 0 0

353 0 0

i 1 ’ w u liM hx/qqA bafc ddA W -d j'

owjboiS i

180 0 0

TENANTS NAMES.

I td/Hf

John Vick.

John Boughton.

Mary Jennings.

Daniel Vick.

b.:u* .■/

t

One wobssM Mary Hawkins.

319

4° GEORGII IV. 21.

The First Schedule—continued.

DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY. Quantities. Annual Rents. Annual Value. TENANTS NAMES.

A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several A. R. P. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Parcels of Land held therewith A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and Two Pieces of Pasture Land held there- 9 0 30 21 8 0 21 8 0 Ann Herbert.

with - A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground, held therewith, 4 2 14 9 14 0 9 14 0 Mary Goulding.

called The Bar House Farm Several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow 334 2 26 365 11 6 365 11 6 W» Vick.

and Pasture Ground A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and 21 3 8 35 0 0 35 0 0 John Guilding. '

Pasture Ground, held therewith A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and 134 3 3 232 0 0 232 0 0 Wra Ravenhill. ’ '. i' r u bffl<!STKVl£

Pasture Ground, held therewith A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and 53 3, 23 80 0 0 *80 0 0 Wm Prosser. - - dloO •*<(, -; i.<[ . h) JSvl ^lodi Lb,-.

Pasture Ground, held therewith A Barn, and several Parcels of Arable 111 0 39 188 0 0 188 0 0 John James.

Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground 66 2 21 108 14 0 108 14 0 Wm Vick, junr.

Several Parcels of Woodland Ground -Fourteen Cottages, with Gardens and 50 2 11 - 30 6 0 In Hand.

Appurtenances thereto belonging -Tithes of Lands in the Parish of Elmore, 7 1 25 53 3 0 i] 3 JW :-J t 53 3 0 rrnjs’i Sundry Persons.

belonging to sundry Persons 50 0 0 50 0 0 lilt jti) Sundry Persons.

In the Parish of Brockworth in the County of Gloucester.

The Manor of Brockworth in the County f ~ J i LL j : T- )W tetf

of Gloucester, with the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances. fit# syumesMA

The Advowson and Right of Presenta- f. .111

tion to the Vicarage of Brockworth, aforesaid.

A Messuage and Mill, with the Outhouses, Garden, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, *" >;1- • • )

Meadow and Pasture Ground held therewith, called Brockworth Mill iii -' ■

Farm 28 3 23 90 0 0 90 0 0 r Vail.

320 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 21.

The First Schedule—continued.

description of property.; to A \a Ol bt>TTC Quantities. — Annual Rents. Annual Value. TENANTS NAMES.

A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gar- A. R. F. £ s. d. £ s, d. ".■ikik/

dens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground, held therewith 84 3 12 94 0 0 94 0 0 . •>" .if 1 \o if 1 •. Long.

A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground, held therewith, called Cooper’s Hill Farm 86 2 2 113 0 0 113 0 0 Winning.

A Cottage, with the Garden and Orchard held therewith 0 3 5 4 0 0 4 0 0 Mrs. Belcher.

Two Pieces or Parcels of Arable and Meadow or Pasture Land 2 1 31 4 0 0 4 0 0 Wm Chapman.

A Cottage, with the Garden, Orchards, and Appurtenances, held therewith - 3 2 9 0 5 0 10 0 0 Same.

(This is now out on Lease for One Life at the Yearly Rent of Five Shillings.)

A Cottage, with the Garden, Orchard,

and Appurtenances, held therewith 0 3 18 5 5 0 5 5 0 Wm Potter.

Two Cottages, divided into Five Tenements, with the Gardens and Appurtenances thereto belonging 0 0 20 10 10 0 10 10 0 COverseers of the < Parish of Brock-

Tithes of Corn and Hay of divers Lands in the Parish of Brockworth, belonging to sundry Persons 37 0 0 37 0 0 L worth. In Hand.

Total 1526 2 5 2336 10 6 2376 11 6

(Deduct Land Tax charged on the Estates in Elmore, above described) (Ditto on the above described Estates in Brockworth) £ s. d. 85 1; 25 7 4 £ s. d. 110 8 11 2226 1 7 - 1.-- <■ fifii

T. Smith.

The Timber and other Trees growing upon the Estates described in the above Schedule are valued at the Sum of £\,676.

The Advowsons of Brockworth and Elmore, subject to the Lives of the present Incumbents, are

valued at the Sum of 1,000.

T. Smith.

. orf i ) .* ! V- «* ( , • - fs' blfM . h<K*tvtO tftsH

4* GEORGII IV. Cap. 21. 321

The SECOND SCHEDULE referred to by this Act;

Containing a Description of the Fee Simple Estates of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise, in the Hamlets of Highnam, Over, and Linton, in the Parish of Churcham, in the County of Gloucester, to be put into Settlement, with their several Annual Rents and Values.

DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY. Quantities. Annual Rents. Annual Value. TENANTS NAMES.

The Manors of Highnam, Over, and Linton, in the County of Gloucester, with the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances thereof. A Capital Messuage or Mansion House, called Highnam Court, with the Outhouses, Offices, Buildings, Stables, Yards, Gardens, Pleasure Grounds, A. R. P. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Plantations, and Appurtenances 6 0 0 100 0 0 100 0 0 In Walcott, Esq.

Part of the Old Park The Plantations around the House A Cottage and Garden, and several Hothouses, and Six several Pieces of Arable Land, Meadow, and Pasture 39 0 5 3 0 0 15 0 0 15 0 0 Jas Jenkins. In Hand.

Ground -A Messuage, with the Gardens, Orchard, and Premises thereunto belonging, called Highnam Lodge, with the 80 1 16 160 0 0 160 0 0 Jas Jenkins#

several Woods called Highnam Woods A Messuage and Farm House, with the Outhouses, Garden, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow, and Pasture Ground 127 3 5 88 18 0 In Hand.

held therewith, called the Court Farm A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and 350 3 6 486 0 0 486 0 0 Joseph Tooby#

Pasture Ground held therewith A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground held therewith, called 183 0 36 260 0 0 260 0 0 Tho* Cowcher.

The Home Farm A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground held therewith, called 262 1 39 406 0 0 406 0 0 Tho* Smith.

Linton Farm -A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and 319 3 4 579 0 0 579 0 0 Wm Smith.

Pasture Ground, held therewith A Messuage, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and 133 1 35 423 0 0 423 0 0 / Tho* Butt.

Pasture Ground, held therewith [Private.] 183 3 0 4 m 261 0 0 261 0 0 Tho* Smith.

322

4° GEORGII

The Second Schedule—continued.

DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY. JjA gull v<] ol trvujhr Quantities.; i ki Annual Rents. Annual Value. ! H IT f ! TENANTS NAMES. ) {i i

,;) mfiilli /7 yoibiioii A Messuage and Mill, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, and several Parcels of Meadow and A. R. P. £ s. d• £ s. d.

Pas! ure Ground, held therewith Several Pieces or Parcels of Meadow 20 0 0 130 0 0 130 0 0 Joseph Hooper.

and Pasture Ground A Messuage, with the Outbuildings, Gardens, Piece of Pasture Land and Appurtenances held therewith, called 31 0 0 46 0 0 46 0 0 William Butt.

The Dog Inn -Eighteen Cottages, with the Gardens 4 1 12 25 0 0 25 0 0 Anna Maria Nicholls. •j I," -j , j r r

and Appurtenances A Messuage, with the Outbuildings 4 0 0 62 2 0 62 2 0 Sundry Persons.

and Appurtenances 0 2 0 10 0 0 10 0 0 Sam1 Murrell.

Total 1749 1 38 2963 2 0 3052 0 0 *U ? •{ . , *} i , >

(Deduct Land Tax charged on the above Estates) - -(The above Estates being let Tithe free, and Part of them being Tith-able, for which Sir Berkeley William Guise pays a Composition of j£l90 per Annum; deduct that Sum from the Annual Value) £ s. d. 154 5 4 190 0 0 £ s. d. 344 5 4 j' - .; , ?hu'd I'd adj tu n , fXT I . 4 ■' , ■1 '■ t}> • .: t nt ■?, on)? , if • !o'J JUoT | ioruafeJuiqqA f /innd3 odj J .«9§RjJoO OWT j 1 ntsns J-mqqA ! h(ijt I dr?.inA | -

2618 16 8 . • / r < •> •v"' ! <T

£• Smith•

The Timber and other Trees growing upon the Estates described in the Second Schedule are valued

at the Sum of ^3520.

Estates taken out of Settlement, Yearly Value - - <§£2226

7

1 ' I, j r

Estates put in Settlement.

Yearly Value - e£2618 16 8

Difference in favour of Estates put in Settlement - - ,§£392 15 la Year.

£ \ nine of the Advowsons of Brockworth and Elmore - 1000 Ditto of the Timber growing on the Estates to be taken out of Settlement - - 1676 - SWf r '~*SSSL1±M1W!* £ Value of the Timber growing on the Estates to be put into Settlement -1 - 3520 ' ■' 7:/‘ • , f

s£2676 £3520

- «£S44.

T. Smith.

Difference in favour of the Estates to be put in Settlement

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 21.

t> Amh^ov~9lub9rfD8 brtoos?, sdT

323

&3.l: *' >1 'ST VII\ (OT

Islam A

Blttafi I wwwy ) f i HiPIORT TO Y( " of (

Tiie THIRD SCHEDULE referred to by this Act;

Containing a Description of the Estates of the said Sir Berkeley William Guise,

by this Act vested in Trustees to be sold.

i.

DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY. Quantities. Annual Rents, Annual Value. TENANTS NAMES. , r

A. R. P. £ S. d. s. d. n r‘~;

The Manor of Rodley in the County of Gloucester, with the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances thereof - 4 0 0 4 0 0 J.i! ’’'tjHj ljj t > • G ’

A Fishery in the River Severn, and also a Cottage, Garden, and Orchard, or Close of Pasture Ground, with the . Appurtenances, in the Tything of Rodley and Parish of Westbury-upon-Severn, in the County of Gloucester, called Roorde -- : ’ i'W 2 0 0 ... 110 0 0 110 0 0 I ( ! William Viner Ellis.

: Four Cottages, with the Gardens and Appurtenances, at Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks 2 0 0 20 0 0 rTho. Frith. J James Winkworth. j Susanna Phipps.

Two Cottages, with the Gardens and Appurtenances and Two Parcels of Arable Land, in the Parish of Ipsden, in the County of Oxford 2 0 16 4 0 0 o o kMary May.

A Piece of Woodland Ground or Coppice called The Three Lord Board Wood, situate in the said Parish of Ipsden - 13 2 12 • • 6 17 0 In Hand.

Total 17 2 28 120 0 0 j 144 17 0

TRsIT -B I 61 - rrt9 n/ :' a — i T. Smith, -

- -

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 22.

An Act for authorizing the Investment of Monies belonging to the Infant Sons of Sir Samuel Romilly deceased, in the Purchase of certain Parts of his Daughter’s Share of his Real Estate, to be conveyed to Trustees upon certain Trusts.

[27th June 1823.]

WHEREAS Sir Samuel Romilly, late of Russell Square in the County of Middlesex, Knight, deceased, duly made and published his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and executed in such Manner as by Law is required for passing Real Estates by Devise, whereby (amongst other Things) he appointed his Wife the Guardian of all his Children during her Life, but if she should die during the Minority of any of them, he appointed his good Friend John Whishaw of Lincoln's Inn Guardian of his Sons, and Mary Whittaker his Wife’s Sister Guardian of his Daughter; and the said Testator (after giving and bequeathing various specific and pecuniary Legacies) gave to his said Wife all his Freehold Estates not therein-before devised by him for the Term of her Life, and he gave her an absolute Power by Deed or Will to dispose of all such Estates in any Way that she might think fit; but in Default of her exercising that Power, he directed that his said Freehold Estates, or such Parts thereof as she should not have disposed of, should at her Death be divided into a Number of Shares equal to the Number of Children he should then have living and One more \ and [Private.'] 4 n that

19 th of August 1815. Will of Sir • Samuel Romilly.

326

27th of March 1817. Codicil.

4th of October 1818. Second Codicil.

Third Codicil.

November

1818.

Death of Sir Samuel Ro-milly.

2d of January 1819. Will and Codicils proved by John Whishaw.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 22.

that his then eldest Son should have Two such Shares, and each of his other Children One such Share, to them and their Heirs, as Tenants in Common, and the said Testator thereby appointed his said Wife Executrix of his said Will; And whereas the said Testator added a Codicil to his said Will, bearing Date the Twenty-seventh Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and duly executed and attested for the Devise of Real Estates, whereby (after stating that since making his said Will, he had contracted to purchase from the Trustees of Lord Llandaff an Estate in Glamorganshire for Twenty-one thousand Pounds) the said Testator declared it to be his Will, that the said Purchase should be completed out of his Personal Estate, and that the said Estate should go to the same Uses and for the same Purposes as the Bulk of his Real Estates devised by his said in part recited Will: And whereas the said Testator added another Codicil to his said Will, duly executed and attested for the Devise of Real Estates, and bearing Date on or about the Fourth Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, whereby he directed that if his said Wife whom he had by his said Will appointed Guardian of his Children should die before him, he thereby appointed Colonel John Garbett Walsham to be such Guardian; and if he should happen to die during the Minority of any of his Children, or should from ill Health decline to take upon himself the Office of their Guardian, the said Testator in that Case appointed William Marquis of Lansdowne, and JohnlFhishaw, to be their Guardians; and the said Testator stated that he had purchased of the Trustees of Lord JLlandaff, and had had conveyed to him the said Estate in Glamorganshire, which he thereby devised to the same Uses as he had by his Will devised the Residue of his Real Estates: And whereas the said Testator added another Codicil to his said Will, whereby he appointed the said John Whishaw Executor of his Will, together with the Executors already named : And whereas the said Testator departed this Life in the Month of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and the said Will and Codicils (together with other Codicils to his said Will not affecting the Devises herein-before contained, or the Appointments of Guardians and Executors herein-before stated) were, on or about the Second Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, duly proved by the said John Whishaw alone, in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and all the Debts of the said Testator, and the Legacies and Annuities given by his said Will and Codicils, have been paid or provided for : And whereas Ann Romilly the Wife of the said Testator, and the Executrix and Devisee named in his said recited Will, departed this Life in the Life-time of the said Testator : And whereas the Marriage of the said Sir Samuel Romilly with Ann Garbett his said Wife took place on or about the Third Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and at the Time of the Decease of the said Sir Samuel Romilly there were Seven Children of the said Marriage, namely, William Romilly the eldest Son and Heir at Law, Sophia Romilly now the Wife of Thomas Francis Kennedy Esquire, John Romilly, Edward Romilly, Henry Romilly, Charles Romilly, and Frederick Romilly, who at the Time of the Decease of the said Sir Samuel Romilly were all Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and no other Issue : And whereas John Garbett Walsham Esquire of Knill Court in the County of Hereford, Brother in Law of the said Testator, (called in the said recited Will Colonel John Garbett Walshain) departed

' i o tHc

327

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. 22.

this Life very shortly after the said Sir Samuel Romilly, never having in his Life-time proved the said recited Will or exercised the Office of Guardian of the Children of the said Testator : And whereas the Real Estate comprized in the said Devises herein-before recited consisted of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Glamorgan, Hereford, and Radnor, specified and described in the First Schedule to this Act: And whereas the Most Honourable Henry now Marquis of Lansdowne was Marquis of Lansdowne at the Date of the said recited Will, and was the Person intended by the said Testator, although by Mistake called by the Christian Name of William, and he hath acted with the said John Whishaw in the Trusts of the said Will and as G uardian of the said Testator’s Children : And whereas under or by virtue of an Indenture of 2d of Janu-Release (grounded on an Indenture of Lease for a Year) bearing Date on gamuel or about the Second Day of January One thousand seven hundred and Romilly’s ninety-eight, and made or expressed to be made between Francis Garbett Marriage of Knill Court in the County of Hereford, Esquire, and Ann Garbett Spinster Settlement, his eldest Daughter, afterwards the said Ann Romilly the Testator’s Wife, of the First Part, Sophia Garbett of Knill Court aforesaid, Spinster, of the Second Part, the said Sir Samuel Romilly then Samuel Romilly Esquire of the Third Part, and John Garbett of Lincoln's Inn in the County of Middlesex aforesaid, Esquire (afterwards the said John Garbett Walsh am), and John Bell of the same Place, Esquire, of the Fourth Part (being the Settlement made previous to the hdarriage then intended, and which was afterwards duly solemnized between the said Sir Samuel Romilly and Ann Garbett) and by reason of the Deaths of the said Ann Romilly and of the said Sir Samuel Romilly without having exercised the Power of Appointment reserved by the said Indenture of Release, the said Seven Children of the said Sir Samuel Romilly became and now are seised of the Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Radnor described in the Second Schedule to this Act as Tenants in Common in equal Shares in Fee Simple : And whereas by an Indenture, bearing Date on or about the Seventh Day of 7th of July July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and made or expressed to ^r8

be made between the said Thomas Francis Kennedy of the First Part, the Kennedy’s said Henry Marquis of Lansdowne and John Whishaw of the Second Part, Marriage the said Sophia Romilly the Testator’s Daughter (now Sophia Kennedy) of Articles, the Third Part, and Henry Brougham Esquire and James Loch Esquire of the Fourth Part (being the Articles for a Settlement executed previously to the Marriage of the said Thomas Francis Kennedy and Sophia Romilly), the said Thomas Francis Kennedy did, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, covenant, promise and agree to and with the said Henry Brougham and James Loch, their Executors and Administrators, that in case the said intended Marriage should be duly had and solemnized, they the said Thomas Francis Kennedy and Sophia his Wife, and all other necessary and proper Parties, should and would make, do, and execute, or join and concur with all other necessary Parties in making, doing, and executing, all such Conveyances, Assurances, Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things, by Matter of Record or otherwise, as should be necessary for conveying, settling, and assuring all and singular the One undivided Seventh Part or Share, and all and singular other the Part or Share, Parts or Shares, whether vested or contingent, of her the said Sophia Romilly of and in all and singular the Real Estate comprized in the said herein-before in Part recited Indenture of Settlement; and also all that the One undivided Eighth Part or Share, and all other the Part or Share, Parts or Shares of

her

328

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. 22.

her the said Sophia Romilly of and in all and singular the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all and singular other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever or wheresoever, whereof or wherein she the said Sophia Romilly, or any Person or Persons whomsoever in trust for her or for her Benefit, then had, or at any Time during the said intended Coverture between the said Sophia Romilly and Thomas Francis Kennedy should or might have any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, either at Law or in Equity, together with all Appurtenances to the same belonging, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements in the now recited Indenture expressed; and (among other Provisoes in the said Indenture contained) there is contained a Power or Proviso that it should be lawful for the said Henry Brougham and James Loch (at the joint Request and by the joint Direction of the said Thomas Francis Kennedy and Sophia his Wife during their joint Lives, testified by some Writing to be sealed and delivered by them in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses), to dispose and convey by Way of absolute Sale of all or any Part or Parts of the Manors, Lands, and other Hereditaments, or Parts or Shares of Manors, Lands, and other Hereditaments, by the said Indenture now in recital agreed to be settled, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Price or Prices in Money as to the said Henry Brougham and James Loch should seem reasonable : And whereas no Disposition having been made by the said Will and Codicils of the said Sir Samuel Romilly of the Residue of his Personal Estate in the Event which happened of his surviving his said Wife, his said Seven Children became entitled to such Residue in equal Shares and Proportions as his next of Kin : And whereas the said William Romilly and Sophia Kennedy, or the said Thomas Francis Kennedy in her Right, have respectively received their Portions of the said Personal Estate : And whereas various Accumulations have from Time to Time arisen and been made during the respective Minorities of the said John Romilly, Edward Romilly, Henry Romilly, Charles Romilly, and Frederick Romilly, from the Savings of the Income of their respective Fortunes, and such Savings have been from Time to Time (together with the Principal of the Shares of such Children respectively of and in the said Personal Estate) invested in the Purchase of Stock in the Government Funds of Great Britain, and together with such Principal amount to considerable Sums : And whereas the said John Romilly hath attained his Age of Twenty-one Years, and is therefore entitled to receive the Principal of his Share in the said Personal Estate, and also the Amount of the Savings of his Income during his Minority : And whereas the said John Romilly and the said Henry Marquis of Lansdowne and John Whishaw (as the Guardians of the said Edward Romilly, Henry Romilly, Charles Romilly, and Frederick Romilly the Infants) have been informed that it is probable that all the present vested Share or Shares of the said Sophia Kennedy of and in the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments specified in the said First and Second Schedules to this Act will be sold and disposed of, and that the same could now be purchased at a Price not exceeding Twelve thousand five hundred Pounds for the whole thereof, and they are of Opinion that such Purchase would in itself be advantageous, and the more so to them the said John Romilly, Edward Romilly, Henry Romilly, Charles Romilly, and Frederick Romilly, as it would increase the Value of their original Shares of and in the same Hereditaments and Premises, and therefore they are desirous to make such

Purchase,

4° GEORGII1 mOCap.22. 329

Purchase, and that One-fifth Part of the Purchase Money should be advanced and paid out of the Portion of each erf the said Four Infant Children, the said John Romilly proposing to pay the remaining One-fifth Part thereof; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Henry Marquis of Lansdowne and John Whishaw (on behalf of the said Edward Romilly, Henry Romilly, Charles Romilly, and Frederick Romilly, the Infant Children of the said Sir Samuel Romilly deceased), most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and TheMarquh may be lawful to and for the said Henry Marquis of Lansdowne and Jolm of Lans-Whishaw, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, at any Time after the passing of this Act, jointly with the g|°a" empow-said John Romilly, his Executors or Administrators, to purchase of and ered to from the said Thomas Francis Kennedy and Sophia his Wife, and the said purchase Henry Brougham and James Loch (their Trustees), or such of them or such other Person or Persons as shall be competent and willing to sell 0[ t|ie riere-the same, and make a good and satisfactory Title thereto, all that the One ditamentsin equal undivided Eighth Part or Share or other the Parts or Shares what- the Two soever, of the said Sophia Kennedy of and in all those the several Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments specified in the First Schedule to this Act, and also all that the One equal undivided Seventh Part or Share or ether the Parts or Shares whatsoever of her the said Sophia Kennedy of and in all those the several Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments specified in the said Second Schedule to this Act, and of and in all Messuages, Cottages, Houses, Outhouses,

Buildings, Lands, Ways, Waters, Mines, Timber, Underwoods, Rights,

Easements, Advantages, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively or any of them belonging, or with the same or any of them now or at any Time held, used, occupied, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, or known as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, yearly and other Rents and Profits of the same Shares respectively, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance in Possession of and in the same, at or for such Price or Sum as to them the said John Romilly, Henry Marquis of Lansdowne, and John Whishaw shall seem fair and reasonable (not exceeding the Sum of Twelve thousand five hundred Pounds for the whole of such Share and Shares respectively), and upon the Completion of such Sale, and on having a good, valid, and effectual Conveyance of the said undivided Shares respectively made and executed in such Manner and upon and lor such Trusts and Purposes as herein-after mentioned, it shall be lawful for them the said Henry Marquis of Lansdowne and John Whishaw, or the Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators, to raise such Sum of Money as shall be equal to Four full and equal Fifth Parts of the Purchase Money to be given for the whole of the said Shares respectively, together with all Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall be incurred in or about the raising of the same, and also Four-fifth Parts of the Costs and Charges of investigating the Title to the said Shares so to be purchased as aforesaid, and preparing and engrossing the Conveyance or Conveyances thereof, by calling in or selling and disposing of competent and equal Parts of the respective Shares [PrivateI] q of

Uses to which the Shares are to be conveyed and settled.

The Marquis of Lans-downe and John Whi-shaw empowered to purchase any other Shares

4° GEORGII IV. 22.

of the said Edward Roniilly, Henry Rom illy, Charles Romilly, and Frederick Romiily, of and in the Personal Estate of the said Sir Samuel Romilly deceased, and of the Savings of the Incomes of the said Children, or the Stocks, Funds, and Securities in or upon which the same or any Part thereof now is or shall or may be hereafter invested.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the undivided Parts or Shares respectively herein-before authorized to be purchased as aforesaid, of and in the said Manors and Hereditaments specified in the said Schedules to this Act, with their Appurtenances, shall on the Completion of such Purchase be conveyed and assured in Manner following \ (that is to say), as to One full and equal undivided Fifth Part or Share thereof, unto and to the Use of the said John Romilly, (who is to pay One full and equal undivided Fifth Part of the Purchase Money for the same), his Heirs and Assigns, or to such Uses and in such Manner as he or they shall direct, and as to the other Four full and equal undivided Fifth Parts or Shares thereof, unto and to the Use of them the said Henry Marquis of Lansdowne and John Whishaw, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon and for such Trusts, Intents, and Purposes as are herein-after declared and expressed; (that is to say), upon Trust that they the said Henry Marquis of Lansdowne and John Whishaw and the Survivor of them, his Heirs and Assigns, do and shall receive and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said undivided Parts or Shares so to be vested in them as last mentioned, and pay and apply such Rents and Profits in equal Shares and Proportions unto or for the Use and Benefit of the said Edward Romilly, Henry Romilly, Charles Romilly, and Frederick Romilly respectively, until they shall respectively attain the Age of Twenty-one Years or die under that Age, and do and shall convey and assure to each and every of them the said Edward Romilly, Henry Romilly, Charles Romilly, and Frederick Romilly, upon his attaining the said Age of Twenty-one Years, and his Heirs and Assigns, One undivided Fourth Part or Share (the whole into Four equal Parts or Shares to be divided) of and in the said undivided Parts or Shares and Hereditaments herein-before directed to be vested in them the said Henry Marquis of Lansdowne and John Whishaw as aforesaid; but in case any One or more of them the said Edward Romilly, Henry Romilly, Charles Romilly, and Frederick Romilly, shall happen to die under the said Age of Twenty-one Years, then upon further Trust that they the said Henry Marquis of Lansdowne and John Whishawt or the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assigns, do and shall absolutely make Sale and dispose of the Part or Share or Parts or Shares of the said Hereditaments hereby intended for each of the said Infant Persons as shall happen so to die under Age, either by public Auction or private Contract, to any Person or Persons who shall or may be willing to purchase the same, for the most Money and best Price or Prices that can or may be gotten for the same, and do and shall convey and assure the Part or Share or Parts or Shares so to be sold accordingly.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for them the said Henry Marquis of Lansdowne and John Whishaw, or the Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators, from Time to Time (if they or he shall think advisable so to do, and by and with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, to be obtained upon a Petition presented in a summary Way) to purchase any such Part

10 or

4° GEORGII

or Share or Parts or Shares of the said Trust Property as shall happen to

become saleable as aforesaid, or any Portion of the same, for the Benefit of such others or other of them the said Edward Romilly, Henry Romilly, Charles Romilly, and Frederick Romilly, as shall or may happen to be an Infant or Infants at the Time or Times of such Sale or Sales, and to raise and pay the Purchase Monies for each or any Part, Share, or Portion so to be purchased, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such Purchase or the Completion thereof, in the same or the like Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to the Purchase first herein-before authorized to be made on behalf of the said Infant Parties; and every Part, Share, or Portion so to be subsequently purchased, shall be conveyed in the like Manner and become liable to the like Trusts and Powers (.mutatis mutandis) as are herein-before declared respecting the said Share or Shares to be first purchased as aforesaid, and so on the same shall or may be done toties quoties.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall or may become the Purchaser or Purchasers of any Hereditaments hereby made saleable, shall pay his, her, or their Purchase Money into the Bank of England, in the Name and with, the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, 4t ex parte the Purchaser or Purchasers of Estates vested in Trustees for the Infant Children of Sir Samuel Romilly deceased," pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court of Chancery, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth; and the Certificate or Certificates to be given by the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt and Receipts of One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England to be thereto annexed and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England by such Purchaser or Purchasers of his, her, or their Purchase Money, shall from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter be and be deemed and taken to be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for so much of the said Purchase Monies for which such Certificate or Certificates and Receipt or Receipts as aforesaid shall respectively be given; and after the filing of such Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts, such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, and their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, shall be and is and are hereby absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same Monies and every Part thereof, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or of any Part thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Part,

Share, or Portion of and in the aforesaid Hereditaments shall happen to become saleable under the Trusts of this Act, by reason of the Death of any Infant Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years, the clear Monies to arise and be produced by such Sale (after paying all such Costs and Expences as shall be incident to such Sale) shall be and be deemed to be Part of the Personal Estate of such Infant Person so dying as aforesaid, £ and

331

of the Trust Property for the Benefit of the Infants.

Purchase Monies to be paid into the Bank.

Clear Monies arising by the Sale of the Share of any Infant to be Part of such Infant’s Personal Estate.

332

Court of Chancery may make Orders for Taxation and Payment of Costs.

General

Saving.

Evidence

Clause.

4" GEORGII IV. 22.

and shall, on Application to be made to the said Court of Chancery by a Petition to be presented in a summary Way, be ordered to be paid to his or her Executor or Administrator, or Executors or Administrators, to be applied in a due Course of Administration : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery from Time to Time to make such Order or Orders as to the said Court shall seem fit, for taxing and settling all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as shall or may arise or be incurred or sustained in carrying this Act or any of the Provisions thereof into Execution, or in or about any Matter or Thing relating thereto, as well as of the several Applications to be made to the said Court respecting the Matters aforesaid, and also to order the Payment of such Costs, Charges, and Expences out of the Monies, Stocks, Funds, or Securities hereby charged therewith or made subject thereto, or such Part or Parts thereof, or such other Monies, Stocks, Funds, or Securities as the said Court shall think fit.

VI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than and except the said Henry Marquis of Lansdowne, John IVhishaw, Edward Romilly, Henry Romilly, Charles Romilly, and Frederick Romilly respectively, and their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and all and every Persons and Person claiming or to claim by, from, through, under, or in Trust for them or any of them) all such Rights, Titles, and Interests, of, in, to, or out of the Monies, Stocks, Funds, and Securities by this Act authorized to be raised, paid, applied, sold, and disposed of as aforesaid, as he or they would, could, or might have had or claimed in case this Act had not been made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

The

4° GEORGII IV.

333

The First SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

Estates in the Counties of Hereford and Radnor.

Tenants. Tenements. Arable Land. Woodland. Total Quantity.

■ \ 2 A. R. p. A. R. r. A. R. p.

Richard Lovett Huntingdon Park and Mahollam 327 1 31 71 3 12 399 1 3

Edward Morris - Wern and Llanethewin 220 1 32 20 1 22 142 0 10

John Jones . Cloggy Cwm and Llydiady 135 3 28 6 0 22 240 3 14

Thomas Griffiths - Stanmer Meadows 24 0 0 0 0 0 24 0 0

707 3 11 98 1 16 806 0 27

The Freehold Manor of Barry in Glamorganshire.

John Spickett Barry Farm - - 1S4 1 18 54 1 13 238 2 31

David Morgan - Cole and Ostrey 142 1 8 3 0 13 145 1 21

William Hopkins - Porthkerry - 155 2 7 34 0 4 189 2 11

David Hopkins - Rhoose and Newfarm 256 2 21 81 2 4 338 0 25

Richard Lougher - Cwykiddy - 261 2 5 43 2 31 305 0 36

William Alexander Rhoose - 125 0 17 0 0 0 125 0 17

Griffith Lewis - Porthkerry Tenement 77 2 3 7 1 22 84 3 25

Robert Mathew - Welfert - 134 0 26 10 2 12 144 2 38

David Smith - Molton - 210 0 29 29 0 4 239 0 33

William Aubrey - Cwmbarry - - 154 1 8 24 0 35 178 2 3

COTTAGES.

Edward Williams m Cottage and Ground at Barry 0 3 9 0 0 0 0 3 9

Jenkin James - Cottage at Rhoose 0 0 25 0 0 0 0 0 25

John Llewelyn - Cottage at Rhoose 0 0 18 0 0 0 0 0 18

James John - Cottage at Rhoose 0 1 16 0 0 0 0 1 16

Edward Williams . Cottage at Rhoose 0 0 30 0 0 0 0 0 30

John Thomas - Cottage at Rhoose 0 1 4 0 0 0 0 1 4

John Spickett - Cottage at Barry 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Catherine Thomas Cottage at Barry 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Ann Griffith - - Cottage at Cwmkiddy 1 0 7 0 0 0 1 0 7

Dorothy David - Cottage at Cwmbarry 1 2 1 0 0 0 1 2 1

Simeon Griffith - Cottage at Rhoose 0 0 38 0 0 0 0 0 38

Richard Garby - Cottage at Barry 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

1,706 1 10 287 3 18 1,994 0 28

[Private.] 4 p The

334

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 22

The Freehold Manor and Estate of Landajfin the County of Glamorgan.

Tenants’ Names.

Tenements.

Quantity.

Marquis of Bute

Reverend Powell Edwards

Anthony Mathews -

Richard Evans

William Llewellyn

Evan Llewelyn

Margaret Harry

William Evans

William Mathews -

John Eustance

John Williams

William Jenkin

Mary Mathews

Colonel Brown

Elizabeth Price

John Williams

Evan Morgan

John Jones

John Richards

Ann Evan -

Thomas David

John Price

Lord Plymouth

Burton Greenwood -

Jonas Jagger

Edward Edmonds -

John Jonas

Anthony

others

Mathews

Fishery in the River Taffe.

Houses and Lands in Landaff, Tolls of Fairs, &c. ’

Great House Farm, Whitechurch

Two Cottages and Lands in Landaff

Lands in Landaff -

Landaff Bridge, F’arm and Cottages

Pontcanna Fields and Garden

Houses and Lands in Fairwater

Canton Farm - - *

Erw Penhill -

Two Fields in Canton -

House, Garden, and Lands in Landaff

House, Garden, and Lands near Ely

Cottage and Garden in Landaff

Cottage and Garden in Ely Lane

Ditto Ditto in Landaff

Ditto Ditto in Canton

Ditto Ditto in Landaff -

Castle of Landaff and Garden

Cottages and Garden at Ely

Cottage and Garden in Ely -

Ditto Ditto and Croft in Canton

Close of Land in Fairwater

Wharf on Cardiff Canal ...

Shop and Garden in Landaff

Cottage and Land in Canton

Cottages and Garden in Ely Lane -

Acres

Chief Rents of the Manor of Landaff.

A, X. P.

67

119

29

22

36

35

49

197

1

11

2

0

0

0

0

0

0

1

1

0

0

1

0

0

0

2

21

14

30

3 16

13 20 31

14 0 12

0 29 3 4

1 36 1 12 0 23 0 21

0 23

1 8 0 11

2 3

25

17

20

6

1

19

2

584 2 31

Geo. HalkeU Wm. Vizard.

The

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 22.

335

The Second SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

Estates in the County of Radnor.

Tenants. Tenements. Arable Land. Woodland. Total Quantity.

John Hughes Richard Bywater Elizabeth Bradley Bwich y Cefyn • Vronhyre -Walsham’s Lands A. R. T. 100 1 33 58 2 11 4 3 17 A. R. P. 4 3 9 15 0 39 0 0 0 A. li. P. 105 1 2 73 3 10 4 3 17

163 3 21 20 0 8 183 3 29

Geo. Halket Wm. Vizard.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

>UO 30

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 23.

An Act for inclosing .Lands within the Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, in the County of Leicester.

[27th June 1823.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, in the several Parishes of Congerston otherwise Congeston, Nelson otherwise Nailstone, Market Bosworth, and Shaxton otherwise Shackston otherwise Shackerston, in the County of Leicester, divers Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, containing in the whole by Estimation Nine hundred Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Right Honourable Richard William Penn Earl Howe, and the Right Honourable George Gordon Noel Lord Byron, in right of the Right Honourable Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron, his Wife, are Lords of the Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston aforesaid, and entitled to the Soil of all the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston: And whereas the said Richard William Penn Earl Howe is Patron of and entitled to the perpetual Advowson and Right of Presentation of and to the Rectory of the Parish Church of Congerston otherwise Congeston aforesaid; and the Reverend John Roby Clerk is the present Rector thereof, and in right of the said Rectory is entitled to certain Glebe Lands, and to certain Great or Rectorial Tithes arising and issuing from and out of [Private.'] 4 q certain

338

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 23.

certain Lands and Grounds within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, and to all the Small and Vicarial Tithes, Ecclesiastical Dues, and Payments of what Nature or Kind soever to the said Rectory and Parish Church belonging : And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is Patron ot and entitled to the perpetual Advowson and Right of Presentation of and to the Rectory and Parish Church of Nelson otherwise Nailstone, in the said County of Leicester; and the Reverend Robert Crockett Clerk is the present Rector thereof, and in right of the said Rectory is entitled to certain Great or Rectorial Tithes arising and issuing from and out of certain Lands and Grounds within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, and to all the Small and Vicarial Tithes, Ecclesiastical Dues, and Payments of what Nature or Kind soever to the said last-mentioned Rectory and Parish Church belonging : And whereas Elizabeth Frances Pochin Widow is Patron of and entitled to the perpetual Advowson and Right of Presentation of and to the Rectory and Parish Church of Market Bosworth in the said County of Leicester; and the Reverend Thomas Wright Clerk is the present Rector thereof, and in right of the said Rectory is entitled to certain Great or Rectorial Tithes arising and issuing from and out of certain Lands and Grounds within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, and to all the Small and Vicarial Tithes, Ecclesiastical Dues, and Payments of what Nature or Kind soever to the said last-mentioned Rectory and Parish Church belonging : And whereas Henry Edward Hall Esquire is entitled to the Right of Presentation to the Vicarage of Shaxton otherwise Shackston otherwise Shackerston, in the said County of Leicester, subject to a Grant thereof made by him to George Greenway of Attleborough Hall, in the County of Warwick, Esquire, for a Term of Twenty-one Years, commencing from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, if the said Henry Edward Hall shall so long live; and the Reverend Tfrilliam Whitmore Greenway Clerk is the present Vicar thereof, and in right of the said Vicarage is entitled to certain Great or Rectorial Tithes arising and issuing from and out of certain Lands and Grounds within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Con-

feston, and to all the Small and Vicarial Tithes, Ecclesiastical Dues, and ^yments of what Nature or Kind soever to the said Vicarage belonging : And whereas the said Richard William Penn Earl Howe and divers other Persons respectively are Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, and of the several Messuages and other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, and in respect thereof, or of some Part or Parts thereof, are or claim to be entitled to certain Rights of Common and other Commonable Rights and Interests ii^, over, and upon the same Commons and Waste Lands: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, 41G. 3. C. 109. intituled An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas another Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of 1&2G.4.C. 23. Present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Law respecting the inclosing of Open Fields, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, in England : And whereas the said Lands in the said Open

5 and

4° GEORGII IV. 23. 339

and Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situate for the Occupation thereof, and the same, as well as the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous if the whole thereof were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, and such Allotments inclosed; and it would also be advantageous to all the Parties interested therein, if all and every the Lands and Grounds within the said Manor of Conversion otherwise Congeston were exonerated and discharged from Tithes; but the said beneficial Objects cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed in the Manner and according to the Orders, Provisions, and Directions herein-after mentioned, and also with, under, and subject to the Powers, Regulations, and Directions contained in the said recited Acts, except where the same are varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act; and that John Farmer of Barton in Commis-the Beans, in the said County of Leicester, Gentleman, shall be and he is si°ner-hereby appointed the sole Commissioner for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, and for carrying this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said John Farmer, or any other Appointment Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, figure shall die, refuse or neglect to act, or become incapable of acting, before loners, the Powers hereby vested in him shall be executed, then and so often as any of the said Events shall occur, a public Meeting of the several Persons who for the Time being shall respectively be interested in the Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided and allotted as aforesaid, shall be called by any Two or more of such Persons, and be held as soon as conveniently may be after such Commissioner shall die, refuse or neglect to act, or become incapable of acting, and of which Meeting at least Fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given, in like Manner as other Notices of Meetings or Attendances are hereby directed to be given; and the Proprietors then and there assembled, or the major Part of them in Value,

(such Value to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessment), or their respective Agents or Solicitors, duly authorized by Writing under the Hands of the respective Proprietors, shall and may nominate, elect, and appoint some other Person (not interested in the said Division and Allotment) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said John Farmer, or such other Commissioner so dying, refusing, or neglecting to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, and the Person so to be elected and appointed Commissioner shall be invested with and have the same Powers and Authorities in all respects to act in the Execution of this Act as if he had been originally nominated and appointed the Commissioner in and by this Act.

340

Appointment of Surveyor.

Surveyor’s

Oath.

Allowance to the Commissioner, &c.

Power to enter Lands for the Purpose of surveying.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 23.

III. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Miles of Keykam in the County of Leicester, Land Surveyor, shall be and he is hereby appointed the Surveyor for the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Acts, subject to the Direction and Controul of the said Commissioner; and in case of the Death, Incapacity, Neglect, or Refusal of the said Thomas Miles to act, then and in any such Case the said Commissioner shall appoint such other Person or Persons (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) as he shall think proper, to be Surveyor for the Purposes aforesaid in his Stead, as often as occasion shall require: Provided always, that the said Thomas Miles, or any other Person or Persons so to be appointed Surveyors as aforesaid, before he or they shall proceed to act as such Surveyor, shall take and subscribe the Oath following; which Oath it shall be lawful for the Commissioner for the Time being to administer:

c T do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers,

c A do solemnly affirm], That I will faithfully, impartially, and 4 honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Ability, execute and c Perform the several Trusts, Powers, and Authorities vested and reposed ‘ in me as Surveyor by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year 6 of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the c Title of this Act], according to Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons ‘ whomsoever. So help me GOD.*

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner for the Time being shall be allowed and paid the Sum of Three Guineas, and no more, for every Day which he shall travel or be employed, and actually attend in any Business relating to the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby in him reposed, which Sum shall include all his Expences*; but the said Commissioner shall not be paid the said Allowance for more than Two Days in respect of going to and returning from the Place of his Attendance or Sitting; and that the said Thomas Miles, and the Surveyor to be appointed by the said Commissioner, shall be paid such Sum or Sums of Money for his Pains, Trouble, Expences, and Attendances on the said Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, as the Commissioner shall think just and reasonable.

V. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of surveying and valuing all the Lands and Grounds within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, and for other the Purposes of this or the said recited Acts, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner and Surveyor, or either of them respectively, and for their respective Assistants and Servants, at any Time or Times whatsoever, until such Division shall be completed, and the Award of the Commissioner shall be executed, to enter into and upon all and every or any Part and Parts of the Lands and Grounds within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, and to do or cause to be done any Act or Thing necessary for carrying this and the said recited Acts into Execution, without being liable to any Action or Suit.

4° GEORGII ^IV. Cap. 23.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby empowered to appoint a Clerk to assist him in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Acts, and to remove such Clerk and appoint another in his Stead, and to pay to such Clerk all such fair and

1 reasonable Charges and Disbursements as to him the said Commissioner shall seem right and proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Meetings and Attendances of the said Commissioner for the Execution of this Act, at which the Presence of any of the Owners or Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or of any Person or Persons interested therein, shall be necessary or required, shall be held within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, or within the Distance of Eight Miles therefrom; and that the Commissioner for the Time being shall and he is hereby required to give or cause to be given public Notice, by Advertisement in some Newspaper published or generally circulated in the said County of Leicester, and also by Writing under the Hand of the Clerk to be by him employed as aforesaid, to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Congerston otherwise Congeston aforesaid, of the Time and Place of the first and every subsequent Meeting or Attendance, at least Ten Days previously thereto (Meetings and Attendances by Adjournment only excepted); and that all other Notices necessary or requisite to be given by the said Commissioner shall be given in like Manner as the Notices of the said Meetings and Attendances are herein-before directed to be given; and that the Commissioner, Clerk, and Surveyor, and each and every Proprietor attending any such Meeting, shall pay his own Expences.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings

of the said Commissioner shall be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Commissioner; and such Book, and the Entries therein of such Orders respectively, shall and may be read in Evidence in all Suits or Actions concerning any thing done in or about the Execution of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, touching or concerning any Right or Interest which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in or to the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, or Commons and Waste Lands, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and In-.closure, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner for the Time being, and he is hereby authorized and required, to examine, hear, and determine the same: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever : Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioner for the Time being to determine the Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such Parties, (except in Cases of Encroachments as herein-after mentioned) \ but in case the said Commissioner

[Private.] 4 y • shall

341

Appointment of Clerk.

Commissioner’s Sittings.

Proprietors, &c. to pay their own Expences.

Proceedings of Commissioner to be entered in a Book.

Commissioner to settle Disputes;

but not to determine Titles or Rights of Possession.

342 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 23.

shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, he shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by such Person or Persons, or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

Commissioner may award Costs.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Commissioner for the Time being shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections to be delivered to him in pursuance of this or the said first recited Act, see Cause to award any Costs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus, (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

Persons dissatisfied may try their Rights at Law:

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the Commissioner for the Time being, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to any Right of Common of Pasture, or other Right or Interest in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, or any Objection or Objections to such Claim or Claims, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so dissatisfied, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions at Law, in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioner shall have been notified in Writing to the Party or Parties against whom such Determination shall have been so made, or to his, her, or their known Agent or Attorney; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall and he or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file common Bail, and accept One

9 *' - or

4° GEORGII IV 23.

343

or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted upon, may be tried and determined, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the same), and may be tried at the then next or the following Assizes for the County of Leicester after the Commencement of such Action, and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons,

Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, unless the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials : Provided always, that Commis- the Determination of the said Commissioner touching such Claim or tennTnatioi Claims, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and to be final, Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, if not ob-which shall not be objected to in due Time, or being objected to, the jected to* Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought within the Time before limited, or not proceeding therein as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive on all Parties.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Actions not Parties, Plaintiffs or Defendants in any Action to be brought in pursuance al)fUe ky of this Act, shall die pending the same, such Action shall not abate by Artiesof reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened; and that no such Difference, Action, or Proceeding as aforesaid, nor any Difference, Dispute, or Proceeding touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Manor of Conger-ston otherwise Congeston, shall impede or delay the said Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure shall be proceeded in notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit, or Proceeding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Provision in or Persons, in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall case of Death have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might jfe^ties have been brought, if living, shall happen to die before any such Action Actions or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the brought. Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the same, within the Time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioner with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties so dying might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such

Action

344

Encroach-

ments.

Extinguishing Rights of Common.

?,.('$! DfljS

gajbfcm

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 23.

Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living j and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

ic ssrcb&l io vbnJ hioJ srb >o Tvriif V/ - r ' ,-k

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments and Inclosures which have been made at any Time or Times within the Space of Twenty Years previous to the passing of this Act, from, in, or upon the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, shall be deemed and considered to be Part of the Lands to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching any such Encroachments or Inclosures, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be determined by the said Commissioner.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, at any Time when he in his Judgment shall think it convenient and proper, by Notice for that Purpose under his Hand, to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Congerston otherwise Congeston aforesaid, on some Sunday previous to Divine Service, to order the Rights of Common in, upon, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any of them, to be extinguished, either in the Whole or in Part, or to be suspended; and from and after the Time or Times to be mentioned in and appointed by any such Notice, all such Rights of Common as shall thereby be directed to be extinguished or suspended, shall be extinguished or suspended.

according to and as shall be expressed in and directed by such Notice; and if, during such Suspension, or after such Extinguishment of such Rights of Common, any of the said Proprietors or Occupiers shall permit his, her, or their Cattle or Sheep to go, depasture, or feed in any of the said Lands or Grounds over which such Rights of Common shall be extinguished or suspended, then it shall be lawful for any other of the said Proprietors or Occupiers to distrain such Cattle or Sheep, being upon such Lands or Grounds contrary to such Notice, and to impound the same, until such Person or Persons so offending shall pay to the Person or Persons so distraining any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for each Head of Cattle, and Five Shillings for each Sheep so distrained, as the said Commissioner shall direct; and in case the same, with all Costs, Charges, and Expences, shall not be paid before the next Sitting of the said Commissioner after such impounding, the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and empowered, upon Proof of such Offence or Offences having been committed, and Non-payment of the Penalty or Penalties incurred, to cause the Cattle or Sheep so distrained, or such of them as he shall think fit, to be sold for raising and paying the Penalty or Penalties so incurred as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges attending every such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Cattle or ^eeP* jhfitnsW (jhobbs'l

n-.'XS) SQ Ol c : V . % , ,!<. U ’i y. Jj

* Y so* tol aoiimaqniaD

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 2%. 345

XVI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of rendering For shorten-straight and shortening the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and the Lands and Grounds in any adjoining Manor, Parish, Liberty, or Place, or to make the same regular, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, with the Consent in Writing of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors in which the Land is situate, and of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which any Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made, to set out the Boundary between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and the Lands and Grounds in any adjoining Manor, Parish, Liberty, or Place, in such Manner as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundaries shall be set out as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person or Persons, in such Manner and at such Time or 'Fimes as the said Commissioner shall direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the Manor of Conger si on otherwise Congeston aforesaid and such adjoining Manor, Parish,

Liberty, or Place; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commis-Commissioner to stop up, discontinue, divert, or alter any Carriage Road, s,.oner ay Bridleway, or Footpath, leading through or over any of the Lands or o^ahe?"1^ Grounds intended to be divided by virtue of this Act, or passing or leading Roads; through any of the inclosed Lands or Grounds within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston; and the Soil of the Roads and Ways

so to be stopped up or discontinued shall be deemed and taken as Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act: Provided that no Carriage Road, Bridleway, or Footpath, passing or leading through any of the inclosed Lands or Grounds within the said Manor, shall be stopped up or discontinued, diverted, or altered, without the Concurrence of Two Justices of the said County of Leicester not interested in the Repairs of such Roads; and such Order shall be subject to Appeal to the Quarter Sessions for the said County, in like Manner as if the same had been originally made by such Justices, and also subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions mentioned and contained in an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Tear of His present Majesty, for 55G.3. c. 63. the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, in so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a Public Highway, and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the stopping up of unnecessary Roads.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and widen and may and he is hereby authorized and empowered to widen any of the RojHs,

Public Roads or Highways, where he shall see it necessary, within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, and for that Purpose to H n‘ take a sufficient Quantity of the ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds adjoining to such Roads (the same not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard,

Park, Paddock, Plantation, or Avenue to any Houseand to make a full Compensation for the Value of the Land or Ground so to be taken for t ru [Private.] 4 g the

346

Expences of discontinuing or widening Roads.

Ditches, Drains, &c.

Allotments for Stone and Gravel Pits.

4V GEORGII IV. 23.

the widening of such Public Roads or Highways, by allotting and awarding unto the Person or Persons from whom any such ancient inclosed Land or Ground shall be so taken, an adequate Part or Parts of the said Commons or/JWaste Grounds; and also to make good and substantial Fences on each Side of all such widened Public Roads and Highways, for and in lieu of the Fences which shall be injured or destroyed by means of such widening.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences attending the stopping up, discontinuing, diverting, or widening of such Roads, and the making of such Fences as aforesaid, shall be raised and paid in such and the like Manner as the Expences of passing and executing this Act are hereby directed to be raised.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and

may and he is hereby authorized and empowered to scour out, widen, and change the Course or Direction of all and every such ancient Ditches, Drains, Wells, Watering Places, Watercourses, Tunnels, Banks, and Bridges, within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congesion, as he shall think proper; and also shall and may set out and appoint such new Ditches, Drains, Wells, Watering Places, Watercourses, Tunnels, Water Gates, Banks, and Bridges, to be made of such Depth, Width, and Extent, and in such Situation and Direction as he the said Commissioner shall think fit, as well through, in, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as also with the Consent in Writing of the Owner, in, over, and through any ancient Inclosures or other Lands or Grounds within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, making such Satisfaction to the Proprietors of such ancient Inclosures, for the Damage done thereby, as the said Commissioner shall judge reasonable; and the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby directed in and by his Award to order and direct by whom, at whose Expence, and at what Time, and in what Manner the said Ditches, Drains, Wells, Watering Places, Watercourses, Tunnels, Water Gates, Banks, and Bridges, shall be thereafter repaired, cleansed, scoured, and maintained: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to divert or turn any such Watercourse, or any Stream, Brook, or Rivulet, without the Consent in Writing of the respective Owners of the Lands from which any such Stream, Brook, or Rivulet shall be diverted, or into which the same shall be turned. or

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, if he should think it fit and expedient, but not otherwise, to set out, assign, and appoint one or more Piece or Parcel, or Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Part of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, not exceeding in the whole Three Acres, in such Situation or Situations as he shall judge most convenient and proper, for the Purpose of getting Stone, Sand, Gravel, and other Materials, as well for the making or forming and repairing the Public and Private Roads, Ways, Walls, Bridges, and Drains to be set out by virtue of this and the

5 said

347

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 2'6.

«aid first recited Act, as also for the Purpose of repairing all other ancient and Public Highways or Roads within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, which said Allotment or Allotments so to be made and set out for the Purposes aforesaid shall, from and after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, be vested in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congest on for the Time being, in Trust for the Purposes aforesaid, and who from Time to Time shall let the Herbage for the most Money that can be made thereof, and shall apply the Rents and Profits arising from the same towards the Repair of the Public Roads or Highways within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall account for such Rents and Profits in the same Manner as he or they are accountable for other Money that shall come to his or their Hands in the Capacity of Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, and shall be under and subject to the like Penalties for the Neglect thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Allotment to set out and allot unto and for the Lord or Lords, or Lady or Ladies of t,e Lord the said Manor for the Time being, so much and such Part of the said t1ie Manor‘ Commons and Waste Lands as shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioner, be equal in Value to One Sixteenth of the said Commons and

Waste Lands, which shall remain after the Public Highways and Roads through and over the same shall have been set out and appointed, in lieu of and as a Compensation for their Right to the Soil thereof, over and above any Allotment which they or any or either of them may be entitled to on the said Commons and Waste Lands in respect of any other Property, and in common with other Proprietors of Estates within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Allotment to and he is hereby required to set out and allot unto and for the said John the fetors Roby and his Successors, Rectors of the said Rectory of Congerston other- q1}^ fo* wise Congeston, unto and for the said Robert Crockett and his Successors, Common Rectors of the said Rectory of Nelson otherwise Nailstone, unto and for Rights.

the said Thomas Wright and his Successors, Rectors of the said Rectory of Market Bosworth, and unto and for the said William Whitmore Greenway and his Successors, Vicars of the said Vicarage of Shaxton otherwise Shackston otherwise Shackerston, such Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioner (Quality, Quantity, Situation, and Convenience considered) shall be a full Satisfaction and Compensation for the uninclosed Glebe Lands belonging to the said John Roby, Robert Crockett, Thomas Wright, and William Whitmore Greenway respectively, as such Rectors and Vicar aforesaid, and for any Rights of Common appertaining to the same respectively.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Allotment for and he is hereby required to set out and allot unto and for the said John Tithes.

Roby and his Successors, Rectors of the said Rectory of Congerston otherwise

348

For Extinguishment of Tithes.

4° GEORGII IV. 23.

wise Congeston, and unto and for the said Robert Crockett and his Successors, Rectors of the said Rectory of Nelson otherwise Nailstone, and unto and for the said Thomas Wright and his Successors, Rectors of the said Rectory of Market Bosworth, and unto and for the said William Whitmore Greenway and his Successors, Vicars of the said Vicarage of Shaxton otherwise Shackston otherwise Shackerston, for and in lieu and Satisfaction of and for their several and respective Rectorial and Vicarial Tithes, Moduses, Compositions, or other Payments in lieu of Tithes, yearly arising, issuing, and renewing out of all and every of the said Lands and Grounds within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and out of all and every the Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and other ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, which are subject to Tithes, Moduses, Compositions, or other Payments in lieu of Tithes, such Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioner shall be equal in Value (Quality, Quantity, Situation, and Convenience considered) to One Fifth Part of all the Arable Land, and One Eighth Part of all the Meadows, Mowing Ground, and ancient inclosed Pasture Lands and Grounds, and One Ninth Part of the Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, after deducting the Lands or Grounds set out for Roads, and the Allotments herein-before directed to be set out for the Purpose of getting Stone, Sand, Gravel, and other Materials, and the Allotments for Glebe and Common Rights thereto belonging; which said Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Land or Ground shall be taken and deducted from and out of the respective Shares of the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, belonging to the several Persons whose Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and other ancient inclosed Lands or Grounds shall be exonerated and discharged from Tithes, or from and out of the Lands to be allotted to them respectively, in lieu of their Common or other Rights; and such Plots or Parcels of Land so to be set out, divided and allotted as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby declared to be in lieu and full Satisfaction and Discharge of all and all Manner of Tithes, both Great and Small, Moduses, Compositions, or other Payments in lieu of Tithes, arising, growing, issuing out of or payable in respect of all and every the Messuages, Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Waste Lands, ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds, and all other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston (except Easter Offerings, Surplice Eees, and Mortuaries).

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the setting out of the said Plots or Parcels of Land in lieu of Tithes, or at such other Time as the said Commissioner, by any Writing under his Hand, shall fix and appoint,^ all Tithes, Moduses, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tithes (except as aforesaid), within the said Manor of Congerston

349

4° GEORGII IVtf 23.

version otherwise Congeston, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished. ^ivmrito tmhVL *fr> - yiolosil

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to apportion, allot, and divide the said Plots or Parcels of Land to be set out as a Compensation for such Great or Rectorial and Vicarial Tithes, Moduses, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tithes as aforesaid, between the said several Rectors for the Time being of the said Rectories of Congerston otherwise Congeston, Nelson otherwise Nailstone, and Market Bosworth, and the Vicar for the Time being of the said Vicarage of Shaxton otherwise Shackston otherwise Shackerston, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests in the said Tithes, Moduses, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tithes.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case there are any Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or other ancient inclosed Lands or Grounds within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, the respective Owners or Proprietors whereof shall not be entitled to any or not to a sufficient Interest or Property in the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, to make Compensation for the Tithes, Moduses, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tithe? issuing or payable from and out of the same, such Proprietors respectively shall pay or cause to be paid unto such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioner shall appoint, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioner shall adjudge and determine to be a full Compensation and Satisfaction for the Tithes, Moduses, Compositions, or other Payments in lieu of Tithes, of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or other ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds respectively, or of such Part thereof, for which a Compensation in Land cannot be made as aforesaid; which Sum or Sums shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of the several Persons from whose Allotment any Deduction shall have been made for making such Compensation for Tithes as aforesaid, attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the same into Execution, and the same shall and may be raised and recovered in like Manner as such last-mentioned Expences are directed to be raised and recovered; and the Surplus (if any) of such Sum and Sums shall be apportioned and paid amongst and to the several Persons from whose Allotments any Deductions shall have been so. made as aforesaid, in case they shall be seised in Fee Simple of their Estates, or otherwise, the said Surplus shall be appropriated in the Manner directed by the said first recited Act with respect to the Money paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Allotments to the said several Rectors and Vicar, in lieu of the Glebe Lands and Rights of Common thereto belonging, and as a Compensation for such Great and Vicarial Tithes, Moduses, Compositions, or other Payments in lieu of

[Private.^ 4 l Tithes,

Apportionment of the Allotments for Tithes.

Proprietors not having sufficient Land to make Compensation in Money for their Tithes.

Tithe Allotments to Ik* fenced off by Proprietors of Estates from which

350

Hie Tithes are issuing;

Allotment of the Residue.

Allotments to belong to the same Parishes as the Lands in respect of which they are made.

4° GEORGII W. Cap. 23.

Tithes, shall be inclosed or ring-fenced by Ditches and Quickset Hedges or other proper Mounds and Fences, already made or to be made upon such Allotments, or in or upon the next adjoining Allotment or Allotments, or on other Lands or ancient Inclosures; and in case the Fences for inclosing the said Allotments in lieu of Tithes, or any of them, shall be directed to be made upon the same Allotments or any of them, the same shall be made, and for the Term of Seven Years supported and maintained, by and at the Expence of such of the other Proprietors, in such Proportions and in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall award, direct, or appoint; and from and after the Expiration of the said Term of Seven Years, the Fences so made on the said Allotments to the said several Rectors and Vicar shall be for ever supported by and at the Expence of and be the Property of the said several Rectors and Vicar; but in case the Ring-fences of the said Allotments shall be made in or upon the next adjoining Allotment or Allotments, the same shall be made by and at the Expence of such other of the said Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and inclosed, in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall direct; and all such Fences shall be of substantial Posts and Two Rails on the interior Side, and substantial Posts and Three Rails on the exterior Side, where the same adjoin any public Carriage Road or Drift Way, for the Protection of the Quicksets planted therein.

* moUA sdi 11

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required, after making the several Allotments hereinbefore directed, to divide, set out, allot, and award in Severalty the Residue of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their several and respective Lands, Grounds, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein respectively, and in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall in his Judgment and Opinion think most just, equitable, and convenient; which said Allotments so to be made and set out by the said Commissioner as aforesaid shall be in full Recompence and Satisfaction for the several and respective Claims, Rights, Shares, and Interests of the said Owners and Proprietors respectively, of, in, and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid.

XXX. And inasmuch as the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and belonging to the several Parishes of Congerston otherwise Congeston, Nelson otherwise Nailstone, Market Bos-worth, and Shaxton otherwise Shackston otherwise Shackerston aforesaid, at present lie intermixed and in small Parcels, and it will be more convenient that the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act should belong to such of the said Parishes respectively as the Lands in respect of which such Allotments shall be made at present belong; be it therefore further enacted, That the Allotment or Allotments to be made to the said John Roby and his Successors, Rectors of the said Rectory of Congerston other-

7 wise

351

4° GEORG111 ;IV.( Cap. 23.

wise Congeston, for and in lieu of the Rectorial and Vicarial Tithes, Moduses, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, and the Allotments to be made for or in respect or in lieu of any Lands now lying within or belonging to the Parish of Congerston otherwise Con-gesion, shall, from and after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, be and belong to and for ever thenceforth be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Parish of Congerston otherwise Congeston, in like Manner as the last-mentioned Lands are now Part of the said Parish of Congerston otherwise Congeston; and that the Allotment or Allotments to be made to the said Robert Crockett and his Successors, Rectors of the said Rectory of Nelson otherwise Nailstone, for and in lieu of the Rectorial and Vicarial Tithes, Moduses, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, and the Allotments to be made for or in respect or in lieu of any Lands now lying within or belonging to the Parish of Nelson otherwise Nailstone, shall, from and after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, be and belong to and for ever thenceforth be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Parish of Nelson otherwise Nailstone, in like Manner as the last-mentioned Lands are now Part of the said Parish of Nelson otherwise Nailstone; and that the Allotment or Allotments to be made to the said Thomas Wright and his Successors, Rectors of the said Rectory of Market Bosworth, for and in lieu of the Rectorial and Vicarial Tithes, Moduses, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, and the Allotments to be made for or in respect or in lieu of any Lands now lying within or belonging to the said Parish of Market Bos-•worth, shall, from and after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, be and belong to and for ever thenceforth be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Parish of Market Bosworth, in like manner as the last-mentioned Lands are now Part of the said Parish of Market Bosworth; and that the Allotment or Allotments to be made to the said William Whitmore Greenway and his Successors, Vicars of the said Vicarage of Shaxton otherwise Shackston otherwise Shackerston, for and in lieu of the Rectorial and Vicarial Tithes, Moduses, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, and the Allotments to be made for or in respect or in lieu of any Lands now lying within or belonging to the Parish of Shaxton otherwise Shackston otherwise Shackerston, shall, from and after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, be and belong to and for ever thenceforth be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Parish of Shaxton otherwise Shackston otherwise Shackerston, in like manner as the last mentioned Lands are now Part of the said Parish of Shaxton otherwise Shackston otherwise Shackerston.

scfr:io3 bns necjO l/nsvos sdj fijumsfini bnA .XAX

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case there are any Frontages, Plots, or Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Lands adjoining to any Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or other inclosed Lands or Grounds within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, or lying between the same and any Public Road or Highway, the Owners or Proprietors whereof shall not be entitled to any or not to a sufficient Right, Interest, or Property in the Lands or Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, to entitle him, her, or them to have such Frontages, Plots, or Parcels of Land, or only Part thereof allotted in Satisfaction of his, her, or their Right, Interest, or Pro-9eiw perty,

Commissioner may sell Frontages on the Commons.

if:'-

352

4° GEORGII IV.

Application of Surplus Purchase Money.

perty, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner* to sell by private Contract the whole or such Part or Parts of the said Frontages, Plots, or Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Lands adjoining such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or other inclosed Lands or Grounds, to such Owners or Proprietors thereof who have not any or not sufficient Right, Property, or Interest to make Satisfaction for the same as aforesaid, who shall or may be desirous of purchasing the same, at such Price or Prices, Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Commissioner shall estimate to be the Value thereof; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money for the same, within such Time as the said Commissioner shall appoint, and for which the Receipt or Receipts of the said Commissioner shall effectually discharge such Purchaser or Purchasers, all and every such Frontages, Plots, or Parcels of Land shall be allotted to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby empowered, by any Deed or Writing under his Hand and Seal, and duly executed by him, to convey the same as Freehold of Inheritance unto the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, or otherwise to such Uses, and to, for, and upon such Intents and Purposes as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint; and every such Conveyance shall be valid and effectual in the Law according to the Form and Effect of such Conveyance or Conveyances; and the Money arising from all and every such Sale or Sales shall be applied by the said Commissioner towards defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act; but if any such Purchaser or Purchasers shall not, within the Time limited by the said Commissioner, complete his, her, or their Purchase or Purchases, then and in such Case the said Frontages, Plots, or Parcels of Land shall be divided and allotted in the same Manner as the Residue of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds are herein-before directed to be divided and allotted : Provided always, that in case such Purchase Money shall be more than sufficient to answer the Purposes aforesaid, the Surplus thereof shall be applied in Manner directed by the said first-recited Act, with respect to Money paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

Power to

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Id cl os u resnt Commissioner, by and with the Consent in Writing, and at the Request with Con- of respective Owners of any Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and sent. old inclosed Lands or Grounds within the said Manor of Congerston

otherwise Congeston, to order and direct such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and old inclosed Lands to be considered as allotable Lands, and Part and Parcel of the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed; and such Allowances shall be made to the respective Owners of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and old inclosed Lands and Grounds, on account of Situation or other beneficial Circumstances thereof, as the said Commissioner shall adjudge to be just and reasonable; and the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to set out, allot, and award unto and for the respective Owners of such

353

4° GEORGII IVl> Cap. 23.

such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and old inclosed Lands and Grounds, in lieu thereof, so much and such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as he shall think reasonable and just, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions in this and the said first-recited Act mentioned.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Allotments Commissioner shall have ascertained the respective Rights and Interests of to be deli-the said Proprietors in the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted nated and by virtue of this Act, and also the respective Shares and Portions by him Proprietors 6 proposed to be allotted to such Proprietors respectively in lieu thereof,

he the said Commissioner shall give Notice in manner aforesaid of some convenient Time and Place when and where the Proprietors may be informed of such intended Allotments, and a Map or Plan shall be produced for their Inspection j and as some Proprietors may upon Inspection of such Map or Plan be dissatisfied with the said intended Allotments, the said Commissioner shall, at such Time and Place as last aforesaid, or some other Time and Place to be appointed by him for that Purpose, receive Statements in Writing of the Complaints and Objections against such Allotments, and shall forthwith, or as soon after as conveniently may be, determine the same; and his Determination therein, as to the said Allotments, shall be final and conclusive on all Parties, unless appealed against pursuant to the Provision in this Act contained.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective For fencing Allotments to be made in the said several Open Fields, Meadows, Pas- Allotment*, tures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, after the Division thereof, shall within Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the signing and sealing the Award of the said Commissioner, or within any shorter Space of Time to be appointed by the said Commissioner, be inclosed, and the Fences thereof composed of and planted with young Quicksets, and such Fences, where the same shall adjoin upon any public or private Road or Way, and in such other Place or Places as the said Commissioner shall think fit, shall be guarded with good and substantial Posts and Rails, or otherwise, and with such Ditches on either or each Side thereof as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint, and also with good and substantial Gates and Stiles to be made, where necessary, in the said Fences; all which said Fences shall be so planted and guarded as aforesaid, and the Gates and Stiles made by and at the proper Costs and Charges of the respective Persons to whom the same shall be respectively allotted, in such Manner, Shares, and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall in and by his said Award order and direct.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Common Person or Persons entitled to Rights of Common on the said Commons Rights may and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, at any Time ^Execu^6 before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, to sell, con* tjon of the vey, and dispose of such Right of Common, or any Allotment or Allotments Award.

to be set out in lieu thereof, separate or apart from the Property to which

? [Private.] 4 u the

354

Power to make Exchanges.

Expence of Exchanges.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.Td.

the same are appurtenant; and upon Production to him of the Conveyance or Conveyances thereof, the said Commissioner shall award the Allotment or Allotments so sold or disposed of to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parishes respectively, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parishes respectively, or within any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in and by the Award of the said Commissioner, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners or Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners or Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Curtesy of England, or for a Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, by and with the Consent of the Lessor or Lessors of any Leasehold Hereditaments, but not otherwise, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or for such Owners or Proprietors, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, (such Consents to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of every such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively); and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no such Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Sales, Exchanges, or Partitions to be made by virtue of this or the said first recited Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the several Persons making such Sales, Exchanges, and Partitions, in such Manner, Shares, and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall by any Writing under his Hand direct.

Lands al-

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Lands lotted or Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be allotted on such changeio " Division °.r ^closure, or received ov taken in Exchange or on Partition remain to the aforesaid, in puisuance of this Act or the said first recited Act, same Uses, shall, immediately after such Allotments, Exchanges, and Partitions respectively shall be so made, vest in and go and remain to such and the same Persons respectively, for such and the same Estates and Interests re-

7 spectively*

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 23.

spectively, and to, for, upon, with, under, and subject to such and the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, Conditions, Charges, Incumbrances, Limitations, Remainders, Reversions, and Dispositions, by Will or otherwise respectively, as the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Rights, and Hereditaments respectively, in lieu of which such Allotments were made, or such Lands or Hereditaments to be received in Exchange or on Partition respectively were vested in, to, for, upon, with, under, and subject to immediately before such Allotments, Exchanges, and Partitions were respectively made, or would have been vested in, and gone and remained to, in case such Allotments, Exchanges, and Partitions respectively, and this Act, had not been made and passed (Leases at Rack Rent excepted); and that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, annul, make void, or alter any Will, Codicil, or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Jointure, Dower, Portion, Debt, Mortgage, Charge, or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided and allotted as aforesaid, or which shall be exchanged as aforesaid, further or otherwise than by substituting the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be allotted or received in Exchange as aforesaid, for and instead of the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments in lieu of which the same shall be so allotted or received in Exchange or on Partition respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Rectors for the Time being of the said Rectories of Congerston otherwise Congeston, Nelson otherwise Nailstone, and Market Bosworth, and also to and for the Vicar for the Time being of the said Vicarage of Shaxton otherwise Shackston otherwise Shackerstcny by Indenture or Indentures under their respective Hands and Seals, with the Consent and Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Patrons of the said Rectories respectively, and Vicarage, to lease and demise all or any Part or Parts of the Allotment or Allotments so to be set out and allotted to such Rectors and Vicar by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, so that the Rent or Rents for the same shall be thereby reserved to the Rectors and Vicar for the Time being by Quarterly Payments in every Year, and so that there be thereby also reserved and made payable to such Rectors and Vicar the best and most improved Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had or gotten for the same, without taking any Fine, Foregift, Premium, Sum of Money, or other Consideration for making or granting such Lease or Demise, and so as that no such Lessee by any such Lease or Demise be made dispunishable for Waste by any express Words to be therein contained, and so that there be inserted in every such Lease, Power of Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved within a reasonable Time to be therein limited after the same shall become due, and so that a Counterpart of such Lease be duly executed by the Lessee or Lessees to whom such Lease shall be so made as aforesaid j and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual, any thing in the said recited Acts, or any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that whenever any Lease or Leases so to be granted by any

Amo? Aril hrro such

Power for Rectors and Vicar to lease their Allotments-

-In ?bn^e baiioi & tti nsil&j oj9gnarfr f oj ms ms-

9tTifc

356

Leases at Hack Rent to be void.

Commissioner to direct the Course of Husbandry,

Compensation to be made for growing Crops.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 23.

such Rector or Vicar shall by any means become forfeited or void, or be surrendered before the Expiration by Effluxion of Time of the Term or Terms thereby granted, then and in such Case and as often as the same shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful for such Rector or Vicar for the Time being, by and with such Consent and Approbation as hereinbefore mentioned, to grant a new Lease of the Lands so demised for such Term or Terms of Years as shall at the Time or Times of such Avoidance be then to coine and unexpired of the original Lease or Leases, subject nevertheless to the Provisions and Conditions contained in such original Lease or Leases, and then remaining unperformed and capable of taking effect.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases, Agreements, and Tenancies at Rack Rent now subsisting, of any Part or Parts of the Buildings, Lands, and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or which shall by virtue of this Act be exchanged jor discharged from Tithes, Moduses, Compositions, or other Payments in lieu of Tithes, and of all Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, held therewith or included in such Lease or Leases respectively, shall cease and be void at such Time or Times as the said Commissioner shall by Writing under his Hand order and direct, so as the respective Lessors or Landlords of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments do, before or at the respective Times at which such Leases or Tenancies shall be directed to cease, make and pay such Satisfaction in Money to the respective Lessees or Tenants for the Loss or Injury (if any) which they shall sustain by the Termination of such Leases or Agreements respectively, as the said Commissioner shall ascertain and direct: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease or Leases of Land, Part of which lie within the said Manor of CiMgefston otherwise Congeston, and Part in any adjoining Parish or Parishes, all and every such Lease or Leases at Rack Rent now subsisting, so far same relate to the Premises in the said Manor of

Cotigeston, may and shall be vacated (except as aforesaid); but where any "jj

Ufif'L ibir: :.y sciqsei m V»;7e&ainu tbajslqmoo iq tabsrn

, 3 -*|5N ‘p-VP O W • O

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in the meantime and until such Division and Allotment shall be made as aforesaid, all Tillage and other Lands lying in the said several Open Common Fields and other Common-able Lauds within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, shall be stocked with such Cattle, and shall be cropped and sown with such Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Seeds, and in such Proportions, and shall be kept, ordered, and continued in such Course of Husbandry, as the said Commissioner shall by Writing under his Hand in that Behalf order, direct, and appoint; any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to settle and ascertain what Recompence shall be paid to the Owner or Owners of any Crops growing at the Time of the Division

and

Lands shall have been taken in Exchange, which Lands shall be under Lease and wholly situated in an adjoining Parish or Parishes, the Lease or Leases of such last-mentioned Lands shall not be vacated. dr:!'x

357

4 GEORGII IV.). Cap. 23.

and Allotment of the said Open and Common Fields, for the Value of such Crops, by the Person or Persons to whom the Land on which such Crops are growing shall be allotted, or otherwise that the Owner or Owners of such Crops shall be at liberty to lead and carry away the same within the Time to be limited for that Purpose by the said Commissioner, without any Molestation or Hindrance from the Person or Persons to whom the Land shall be allotted on which such growing Crops shall be, the Owner of every such Crop, on carrying away the same, paying to the Person who shall be entitled to the Land on which such Crop was growing, such Compensation for the Standage thereof as the said Commissioner shall direct; and the said Commissioner is hereby empowered to ascertain and direct all such further Compensation and Recompence as he shall think proper, for the Manure and Tillage on the Lands entered into, to be paid to the Persons giving up the same by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be allotted; and in case any Person or Persons, who shall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on such Account, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same on Demand, the same shall be recoverable for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto by such Ways and Means as the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act can or may be recovered.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall Cattle not to graze or keep any Sort of Cattle whatsoever in or upon any of the public Roads or Ways within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congest on, u 1C oa s’ which the said Commissioner shall order and direct to be set out and fenced on either Side, or both Sides, after the making and executing his said Award; and any Proprietor or Occupier of Lands or Tenements within the said Manor, and his or her Servants or Labourers, is and are hereby empowered to take and impound every Horse, Ass, Bullock,

Cow, Sheep, Lamb, or other Beast, which shall be so found grazing as aforesaid, at any Time or Times after any Quicksets shall be planted next the said Roads or Ways so fenced off as aforesaid; and that no ppr be kept Horse, Ass, Bullock, Cow, Sheep, Lamb, or other Beast or Cattle shall be kept in any of the said Allotments or new Inclosures within the said Years Manor of Conger ston otherwise Congeston, during the Space of Seven Years from the Time or Times the Fences thereof shall have been planted, made, or completed, unless the Person keeping any such Cattle shall first at his or their own Expence fence off the Quicksets of the Person or Persons whose Allotment or Inclosure shall adjoin upon those wherein any such Cattle shall be so kept, so as to prevent any Damage being done thereby to such neighbouring Quicksets; and in case any Person or Persons shall turn or keep any Horse, Ass, Bullock, Cow, Sheep, Lamb, or other Beast or Cattle in any such Allotment or Inclosure, without first raising and keeping up such Fence as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Occupier of any adjoining Allotment or inclosure, or his or her Servant or Labourer to enter thereon, and to take, drive away, and impound the same as Cattle Damage Feasant.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in- Persons ad-terested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and vancing Mo-al lot ted, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance and pay any Money wjtj, [Private.] 4 # in Interest.

358

For paying the Expences of the Act,

Deductions to be made from Allotments in Right of Charity Estates, equivalent to Expences.

4° GEORGII IV. 23.

in discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining or executing this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the Direction of the said Commissioner, together with lawful Interest for the same.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and all Proceedings which have been taken relative or preparatory thereto, and also all Charges and Expences which may be incurred in carrying this Act into Execution, and of making and completing the Public Roads to be set out, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioner, or so much of such Costs, Charges, and Expences as the Money arising from the Sale of such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands as shall be sold under and by virtue of the Directions herein-before contained shall not be sufficient to defray, shall be borne, made up, and paid by all the Owners and Proprietors of, or Persons having Rights or Interests in the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, inclosed, and exonerated from Tithes, (except the Rectors and Vicar of the said Rectories and Vicarage for the Time being, and also except the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, in respect of the Allotment or Allotments to be made to him or them in Trust as aforesaid), in proportion to the Value of their several and respective Rights, Shares, and Interests therein, and the Amount thereof shall be settled, ascertained, and adjusted by the said Commissioner, and shall be paid at such Time and Place, or Times and Places, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner shall appoint; and the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required accordingly to make One or more Rate or Rates, or Assessment or Assessments thereof respectively under his Hand, and the same Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments so made and signed, shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties thereby charged and made liable, and their several and respective Executors and Administrators; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments as aforesaid, within such Time or Times, and to such Person or Persons, and at such Place or Places as the said Commissioner shall appoint, then and in such Case the said Commissioner shall cause the same to be levied and recovered in manner directed by the said first recited Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons entitled to any Allotment or Allotments in Right of any Church or Chapel, or Hospital, or as Feoffee or Feoffees, Trustee or Trustees of any Charity, Poor, or School Lands, shall be desirous of contributing his or their Proportion of the Expence of fencing such Allotment or Allotments, and of the Charges and Expences incident to the passing and executing of this Act, by having the Value or Amount thereof deducted from his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, or Share or Interest in the said several Open Common Fields, and Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, on receiving a written Request for that Purpose from the Person or Persons so entitled

5 ‘J • • as

4° GEORGII IV. Cup.23. 354>

as aforesaid, to deduct so much Land from his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, or Share or Interest, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioner shall be equal in Value to his, her, or their respective Proportions of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, so as that the Value of the Land so to be deducted shall not exceed Five Pounds per Acre of such Allotment or Allotments, and to allot, assign, and award the same unto and amongst the rest of the Owners who shall be charged with such Expences, or otherwise unto and amongst any Individual or Individuals who shall bear and discharge the same: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Land shall be deducted from the Allotment of any of the said Proprietors towards Payment of Expences as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Proprietor from whose Allotment Land shall be so deducted, to charge his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by virtue of the said first recited Act or this Act, with any Money towards Payment of such Expences.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Tenants for Proprietor or Proprietors of any Allotment or Allotments to be made by &c- may

r _ J _ / nnrrnw

virtue of this Act, being Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives, or in Tail, Money> or for any other Estate of Freehold or Inheritance, and also for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any of the said Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, (except the said Rectors and Vicar, and their respective Successors, and also except such Proprietors from whose Allotments Land shall be deducted for Expences as herein-before authorized), by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioner, to be testified in Writing under his Hand and Seal, from Time to Time, after such Allotment, Division, and Inclosure shall be made, and either before or after the Execution of his said Award to charge the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted to such Proprietors respectively by virtue of this Act with such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioner shall direct, for and towards their respective Proportions of the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, and for inclosing, subdividing, and fencing their respective Allotments, not exceeding Five Pounds for each Acre of the said Lands and Grounds so to be allotted; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest, to grant, mortgage, lease, or demise the said Lands and Grounds unto or in Trust for any Person or Persons who shall pay or advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes aforesaid, for any Term of Years, or any other Estate or Interest, so as such Grant,

Mortgage, Lease, or Demise be made with a Proviso or Condition to be void on Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest thereof, at a Time to be therein limited; and every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, and Demise, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

XLVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all and Tenants for every such Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives or in Tail, and all and Life, &c. to every other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the said mortga- keP down ged Premises, shall pay and keep down the Interest of the Principal Money 1 e Interest* so to be borrowed as aforesaid \ and that no Person or Persons, entitled in

360

Tenants for Life, &c. restrained from borrowing Money under the general Inclosure Act.

Commissioner’sAccounts.

Award.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 23.

in Reversion or Remainder to the said mortgaged Premises, shall be liable unto or charged with the Payment of any Interest for any such Principal Money for more than Six Calendar Months preceding the Time when his, her, or their Title to the Rents and Profits of such mortgaged Premises accrued.

XLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Proprietor or Proprietors to charge, and they are hereby restrained and prevented from charging the several Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted to them respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof, with any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, for the Purpose of paying and defraying any such Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, under and by virtue of the first herein-before recited Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That Once at least in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the passing of this Act), the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be laid before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of Leicester (not interested in the Inclosure), to be by him examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioner; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been allowed by such Justice.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner shall and he is hereby required, within Three Years from the passing of this Act, unless prevented by Law Suits or Appeals, to form and draw up, or cause to be formed and drawn up, pursuant to the Directions of the said first recited Act, an Award which shall contain and comprise such Matters and Things required by the said recited Act as relate to or in anywise concern the . Execution of this and the said recited Acts, and the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure hereby authorized; which said Award, when inrolled as directed by the said first recited Act, shall be deposited and kept in a Box in the Parish Church of Congerston otherwise Congeston aforesaid, under the Care of the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the several and respective Owners and Proprietors, or their respective Counsel, Attornies, Solicitors, or Agents, from Time to Time and at all Times to have Access thereto, (paying for every Inspection the Sum of One Shilling), and to take Copies, Abstracts, or Extracts thereof or therefrom; and the said Churchwardens for the Time being are required to permit or suffer the same to be done from Time to Time accordingly, but the Award shall not be taken out of or removed from the said Parish Church aforesaid by any Person or Persons, or on any Pretence whatsoever.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 2S. 361

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Power of or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Appeal, thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Acts, (except where the Orders, Determinations, or Proceedings of the said Commissioner are hereby or by the said recited Acts declared to be final and conclusive, and except as to such Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-before directed or authorized to be tried, settled, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury), then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and for the said County of Leicester within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Respondent or Respondents; and the Justices in their said Quarter Sessions, on Proof of due Notice of the said Appeal, and the Matter and Cause thereof, are hereby required to hear and determine the same, and to make such Orders therein and award such Costs as to them shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties or Person or Persons liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive on all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable, by Certiorari or otherwise, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or otherwise.

>r.-.vt 2l£ntf SinUf) ' *

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Saving Act contained shall extend, or be construed or adjudged to extinguish, Rights of the defeat, release,.lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the ^ar^rof the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor, of, in, or to the Seigniories, Rights, Royalties, Franchises, Jurisdictions, Rents, Services,

Liberties, Privileges, Powers, and Authorities, appendant, incident, or of Right belonging to the said Manor, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor for the Time being, but that they respectively shall have, hold, use, exercise, take, and enjoy the Seigniories, Rights,

Royalties, Franchises, Jurisdictions, Rents, Services, Powers, Authorities,

Liberties, and Privileges whatsoever to the said Manor belonging or incident, appendant or appurtenant, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they respectively have before held, exercised, and enjoyed, or might or could have held, exercised, and enjoyed the same, in case this Act had not been passed.

LIV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Sav,ng-Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, (other than such as are expressly barred or meant and intended to be barred by this Act), as they, every, or any of them had and enjoyed of, in, to or in respect of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, previous to the passing of this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed in case the same had not been passed.

[■Private.] 4 y ‘ LV. And

362

Evidence

Clause.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 23.

LV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823,

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 24.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Viscount Wentworth in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same to the Right Honourable Richard William Penn Earl Howe, and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, or one of them, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the said Will.

[4th July 1823.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable Thomas Viscount Wentworth and Baron Wentworth of Nettlestead, did, in such Manner as the Law requires for the Validity of Devises of Freehold Estates, duly sign and publish his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Eighth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, whereby he gave and devised all and singular his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rectories, Advowsons, Tithes, Rents and other Hereditaments whatsoever, situate in the several Counties of Leicester and Warwick, to which, under the Settlement made previous to his Marriage with his Wife Mary, late Dowager Countess Ligonier, he was entitled in Fee Simple in Reversion expectant on the Limitations therein contained, to his Sons successively in Tail Male, subject to the Term for Years, and Charges thereby created, and to the Mortgages or Incumbrances therein mentioned or recited; and also all other his Manors, Mes-[Private,'] 4 % suages,

Will of

Thomas

Viscount

Wentworth,

8th June

1805.

366

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 24.

suages, Lands, Tenements, Rectories, Advowsons, Tithes, Rents, and Hereditaments whatsoever and wheresoever, of or to which he was seised or entitled for an Estate of Freehold and Inheritance, or of Freehold only, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, or which in virtue of any special Power he was enabled or authorized to dispose of (except nevertheless those to which he was entitled under the Marriage Settlement or Will of his late Great Uncle Thomas Rowney Esquire deceased, or as his Heir at Law, in the several Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Warwick, Northumberland, Durham, York, Middlesex, and Surrey, and the City of London, or elsewhere, and also except certain Estates as were vested in him upon any Trust or by way of Mortgage, with the Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging), unto his Friends, the Right Honourable Morton Lord Henley and Sir James Bland Burgess (now Sir James Bland Lamb) of Beauport, in the County of Sussex, Baronet, and their Heirs, to the Uses following; (that is to say), to the Use, Intent, and Purpose that they the said Morton Lord Henley and Sir James Bland Lamb, and the Survivor of them, and his Heirs, should and might from Time to Time during the natural Life of the Testator’s Sister Judith Lady Milbanke, (who afterwards assumed the Name of Noel, since deceased), Wife of Sir Ralph Milbanke Baronet, (now Sir Ralph Noel Baronet), have, receive, and take, by, from, and out of all his said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises therein-before devised, One Annuity, clear yearly Rent Charge, or Annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds Sterling, clear of all Deductions and Abatements whatsoever, by Two even and equal Half-yearly Portions on Midsummer Day and Christmas Day in every Year, and the First Payment thereof was to be made on such of the said Days as should first happen after the said Testator’s Decease; and the said Testator directed that the said Morton Lord Henley and Sir James Bland Lamb, and the Survivor of them, and his Heirs, should pay the said annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds, as the same should from Time to Time be received, unto such Person or Persons, and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes as the said Judith Lady Noel should from Time to Time, notwithstanding her then present or any future Coverture, or whether Covert or Sole, by any Writing or Writings under her Hand appoint, and when and as no such Appointment should be made, to pay the same into the proper Hands of the said Judith Lady Noel, for her own sole and separate Use; to the Intent that the same might not be subject to the Controul, Debts, or Engagements of her then present or any future Husband, with a Declaration that the Receipt or Receipts of the said Judith Lady Noel, whether Covert or Sole, or of such Person or Persons as she should appoint to receive the same, should be a sufficient Discharge to his Trustees or Trustee for the said Annuity, with Powers of Entry and Distress in case of Nonpayment thereof by the Space of Twenty-one Days, and Perception of the Rents and Profits in case of Nonpayment thereof by the Space of Forty Days; and to the further Use, Intent, and Purpose that the several other Persons, therein and herein-after named, and their respective Assigns, should and might from Time to Time during the respective Periods therein-after mentioned, have, receive, and take, by, from, and out of his said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein-before devised, the several and respective Annuities following; (that is to say), Mrs. Maria Noel, Widow of Testator’s late Uncle the Reverend Rowney Noel Doctor in Divinity, one Annuity or clear yearly Rent

367

4° GEORGII IV. 24.

Rent Charge of Fifty Pounds during her Life; Miss Charlotte Noel (who then resided with her), an Annuity or clear yearly Rent Charge of Thirty Pounds, during the Joint Lives of herself and the said Maria Noel, and after the said Maria Noel’s Decease, of Fifty Pounds during the then Remainder of her Life; Mary Robinson oi Turnham Green in the county of [Middlesex, Spinster, one Annuity or clear yearly Rent Charge of Forty Pounds, during her Life, in lieu of Recompence of the like Annuity which the said Testator then paid her; and his late Servants, John Brown otKirkby Mallory, and William Tulet, an Annuity or clear yearly Rent Charge of Twenty Pounds each, during their respective Lives; and the said Testator directed the said Annuities to be paid on the same Days and Times whereon the above-mentioned Annuity of Five hundred Pounds is directed to be paid, except in respect of the said Annuity of Fifty Pounds to Charlotte Noel, after the Decease of the said Maria Noel, of which the first Payment should be made on the first of the before-mentioned Days of Payment happening after the Determination of her antecedent Annuity of Thirty Pounds; and to the further Use, Intent, and Purpose that the said Maria Noel, Charlotte Noel, Mary Robinson, John Brown, and William Tulet, and their respective Assigns, might have and exercise all and singu lar the same Powers and Remedies in, over, and upon all and every Part of his said Estates therein-before subject to the Payment to them of the said several and respective Annuities or yearly Rent Charges, as were therein-before given to the said Morton Lord Henley and Sir James Bland Lamb, their Heirs and Assigns, for the Recovery of the Arrears of the said Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of Five hundred Pounds thereinbefore secured to them, in Trust for his said Sister Judith Lady Noel, during her Life; and subject and without prejudice to the several above-mentioned Annuities or yearly Rent Charges, and the Powers and Remedies therein-before given for securing the Payment thereof, to the Use of his dear Wife, for and during the Term of her natural Life, with Remainder to the Use of the said Morton Lord Henley and Sir James Bland Lamb, and their Heirs, during the Life of his said Sister Judith Lady Noel, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders, and to permit the Rents and Profits of his said Estates to be from Time to Time received and enjoyed by such Person or Persons, and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes as the said Judith Lady Noel should, from Time to Time, notwithstanding her then present or any future Coverture, and whether Covert or Sole, by any Writing or Writings under her Hand direct or appoint, but not so as to deprive herself of the intended Benefit of the same by Sale or Mortgage, or any other Mode of Anticipation; and in default of such Direction or Appointment, and as and when no such Direction or Appointment should be made or in force, in Trust to pay the same Rents, Issues, and Profits into the proper Hands of his said Sister Judith Lady Noel for her sole and separate Use, to the Intent and so that the same might not be subject to the Controul, Debts, or Engagements of her then present or any future Husband, and might be at her own sole and absolute and uncontrouled Disposal, with a Declaration that the Receipt or Receipts of the said Judith Lady Noel, whether Covert or Sole, or of such Person or Persons as she sheuld appoint to receive the same, should at all Times be good and effectual Discharges to the Person or Persons paying such Rents, Issues, and Profits; and from and immediately after the Decease of the said Judith Lady Noel, to the Use of every Son of her Body, born or to be born in the Testator’s Life-time, and every such Son, to take respectively in order of his Birth, for and during

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.U.

the Term of his respective Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with a Limitation to the Use of the said Morton Lord Henley and Sir James Bland Lamb, and their Heirs, during his respective Life, in Trust for him, and to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of his Body severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the First and every other Son of the said Judith Lady Noel who should be born after the Testator’s Decease, severally and successively, according to their several Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Testator’s Niece, the Right Honourable Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron, then Anne Isabella Milbanke, the only Daughter of the Testator’s said Sister Judith Lady Noel, for and during the Term of her natural Life, with a Limitation to the Use of the said Morten Lord Henley and Sir James Bland Lamb, and their Heirs, during the then Remainder of the Life of the said Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after the Decease of the said Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron, to the Use of every Son of her Body born or to be bom in the Testator’s Life-time, and every such Son to take respectively in the Order of his Birth, for and during the Term of his respective Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with a Limitation to the Use of the said Morton Lord Henley and Sir James Bland La?nb> and their Heirs, during his respective and natural Life, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after his respective Decease, to the Use of the First and other Sons of his Body severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities, in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the First and every other Son of the Body of the said Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron who should be borne after the said Testator’s Decease, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities, in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Testator’s Nephew the Honourable Nathaniel Curzon, the only Son of Testator’s late Sister Sophia Susanna, for and during the Term of his natural Life, with a Limitation to the Use of the said Morton Lord Henley and Sir James Bland Lamb, and their Heirs, during the then Remainder of the Life of the said Nathaniel Curzon, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders; and after the Decease of the said Nathaniel Curzon, to the Use of the Second and every other younger Son of the Body of the said Nathaniel Curzon lawfully begotten or to be begotten, severally and successively according to their several Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the First or only Son of the Body of the said Nathaniel Curzon lawfully begotten or to be begotten in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the said Morton Lord Henley and Sir James Bland Lamb, and their Heirs, during the Life of the Testator’s Niece the Honourable Sophia Caroline, the Wife of the Right Honourable Robert Sewallis Shirley (therein called the Honourable Robert Shirley), commonly called Viscount Tamworth, and the only Daughter of Testator’s said late Sister Sophia Susanna, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders, and to permit the Rents and Profits of the Testator’s said Estate to be from Time to Time received and enjoyed by such Person or Persons, and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes, as the said Sophia Caroline Viscountess Tamworth should, from Time to Time, notwithstanding her then present or any future Coverture, by any Writing or Writings under her Hand direct or appoint, but not so as to deprive her of her

intended

369

4° GEORGII IV. 24.

intended Benefit of the same by Sale or Mortgage or any other Mode of Anticipation; and in Default of such Direction or Appointment, and when and as no such Direction or Appointment shall be made or in force, in Trust to pay the same into the proper Hands of the said Sophia Caroline Viscountess Tamworth, for her own sole and separate Use, to the Intent and so that the same might not be subject to the Controul, Debts, or Engagements of her then present or any future Husband, and might be at her own sole, absolute, and uncontrouled Disposal, with a Declaration, that the Receipt or Receipts of the said Sophia Viscountess Tamworth, or of such Person or Persons as she should appoint to receive the same, should be sufficient Discharges to the Person or Persons paying such Rents, Issues, or Profits; and after the Decease of the said Sophia Caroline Viscountess Tamworth, to the Use of the Second and every other younger Son of the Body of the said Sophia Caroline Viscountess Tamworth, lawfully begotten or to be begotten, whether by her then present or any future Husband, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and in Default of such Issue, to the Use of the First or only Son of the Body of the said Sophia Caroline Viscountess Tamworth, lawfully begotten or to be begotten, whether by her then present or any future Husband in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of every Daughter thereafter to be born to the Testator’s said Sister Judith Lady Noel, lawfully begotten or to be begotten, whether by her then present or any future Husband, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities, and of the several and respective Heirs Male of the several and respective Bodies of all and every such Daughters; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the First and every other Daughter of the said Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities, and of the several and respective Heirs Male of the several and respective Bodies of all and every such Daughter; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the First and every other Daughter of the Body of the said Nathaniel Curzon, lawfully begotten or to be begotten, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities, and of the several and respective Heirs Male of the several and respective Bodies of all and every such Daughters; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the First and every other Daughter of the Body of the said Sophia Caroline Viscountess Tamworth, lawfully begotten or to be begotten, whether by her then present or any future Husband, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities, and of the several and respective Heirs Male of the several and respective Bodies of all and every such Daughters; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Reverend Thomas Noel Noel Clerk, therein called the Reverend Thomas Noel Clerk, Rector of Kirkby Mallory, in the said County of Leicester, for and during the Term of his natural Life, with a Limitation to the Use of the said Morton Lord Henley and Sir James Bland Lamb, and their Heirs, during the then Remainder of the Life of the said Thomas Noel Noel, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders; and immediately after the Decease of the said Thomas Noel Noel, to the Use of the First and every other Son of the Body of the said Thomas Noel Noel, lawfully begotten or to be begotten, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the said Morton Lord Henley and Sir James Bland Lamb, and their Heirs, during the Life of Anna Catherina, the Wife of Vincent Hilton Biscoe Esquire, in Trust to preserve the con-[Private.] # tingent

370

4* GEORGII IV. 24.

tingent Remainders, and to permit the Rents and Profits of the Testator’s said Estates to he from Time to Time enjoyed and received by such Person and Persons, and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes, as the said Anna Catherina Biscoe should from Time to Time, notwithstanding her then present or any future Coverture, by any Writing or Writings under her Hand direct or appoint, but not so as to deprive herself of the intended Benefit of the same by Sale or Mortgage, or any other Mode of Anticipation, and in Default of such Direction or Appointment, and when and as no such Direction or Appointment should be made or in force, in Trust to pay the same Rents, Issues, and Profits into the proper Hands of the said Anna Catherina Biscoe for her own sole and separate Use, to the Intent and so that the same might not be subject to the Controul, Debts, or Engagements of her then present or any future Husband, and might be at her own sole, absolute, and uncontrouled Disposal, with a Declaration that the Receipt or Receipts of the said Anna Catherina Biscoe, or her Appointees, should at all Times be good and effectual Discharges to the Persons paying such Rents, Issues, and Profits; and immediately after the Decease of the said Anna Catherina Biscoe, to the Use of the First and every other Son of the Body of the said Anna Catherina Biscoey lawfully begotten or to be begotten, whether by her then present or any future Husband, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Testator’s own right Heirs for ever : And it was thereby provided, that if any Person, whom the said Testator had thereby made Tenant in Tail Male of his said devised Estates, was then born, or should be born in the Testator’s Life-time, the Estate in Tail Male thereby devised to that Person should cease, and in lieu thereof the Testator devised the Hereditaments comprised in such Estate in Tail Male, with their Rights, Members and Appurtenances, to the Person respectively whose Estate in Tail Male should so determine, for the Term of his or her natural Life, with a Limitation to the said Morton Lord Henley and Sir James Bland Lamb, and their Heirs, during his or her respective Life, in Trust for him or her, and to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Use of his or her Sons successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male : And whereas it was provided by the said Will, that it should be lawful to and for the said Morton Lord Henley and Sir James Bland Lamb, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, at any Time or Times thereafter, at the Request and by the Direction of the Person or Persons who for the Time being should be entitled to the said Manors and Hereditaments, or to the Rents and Profits of the same (testified in Manner therein particularly mentioned), to dispose of and convey in Exchange for or in lieu of other Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be situate in the said Counties of Leicester and Warwick, or one of them, any Part or Parts of the Manors, Hereditaments, and Premises thereby devised, and the Inheritance thereof in Fee Simple to any Person or Persons whomsoever by way of Exchange for any other Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments as to them the said Morton Lord Henley and Sir James Bland Lamb, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, should seem reasonable : And whereas the said Thomas Viscount Wentworth departed this Life in the Month of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, without altering or revoking his said Will, and the same was duly proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury on the Twentieth Day of May One thousand

371

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.M.

thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And whereas the said Mary Vis* countess Wentworth, the Wife of the said Testator, died in the Month of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, without Issue : And whereas the said Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron, on the Second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, intermarried with the Right Honourable George Gordon Noel Lord Byron, then the Right Honourable George Gordon Lord Byron; and there is Issue of their Marriage the Honourable Augusta Ada Byron Spinster, and no other Child:

And whereas by an Indenture bearing Date the Twentieth Day of April, Deed of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and Separation made or expressed to be made between the said George Gordon Noel Lord Lo^and Byron of the First Part; the said Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron of the Lacty Bvron, Second Part; and Nicholas William Ridley Colborne of Harley Street in 20th April the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and Stephen Lushington of Doctors Com- 181 mons, in the City of London, Doctor of Laws, of the Third Part; after reciting the Will of the said Thomas Viscount Wentworth, for the nominal Consideration of Ten Shillings, the said George Gordon Noel Lord Byron, and Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron, did bargain, sell, and demise unto the said Nicholas William Ridley Colborne and Stephen Lushington, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all those the Manors, Lordships, Rectories, Advowsons, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and all and singular other the Premises to which the said Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron was, under the said Will of the said Thomas Viscount Wentworth, Tenant for Life in Remainder as therein-before is mentioned, with their Rights,. Members and Appurtenances, to hold the same with their Appurtenances unto the said Nicholas William Ridley Colborne and Stephen Lushington, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Term of Ninety-eight Years, to commence and be computed from the Decease of the said Dame Judith Noel, if the said Anne Isabella Lady Byron should be then living and thence next ensuing, if both of them the said George Gordon Noel Lord Byron and the said Anne Isabella Lady Byron should jointly so long live, upon and for such Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as certain Arbitrators to be appointed as therein mentioned, or the Majority of them, or the Umpire to be appointed as therein mentioned (as the Case might be) should, by Writing under their or her Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal, direct to be expressed of or concerning the same: And whereas the said Judith Lady Noel died in or about the Month of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, leaving the said Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron, her only Child, her surviving : And whereas the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Dacre and Sir Francis Burdett Baronet were appointed Arbitrators under the said recited Indenture of the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; but the said Arbitrators have not yet made any Award by Writing under their Hands and Seals : And whereas the said Nathaniel Curzon has never been married: And whereas there is not any Issue of the Marriage of the said Robert Sewallis Viscount Tamworth and Sophia Caroline Viscountess Tamworth : And whereas the said Thomas Noel Noel, in or about the Month of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, intermarried with Catherine Smith Spinster, and hath had Lsue by her Five Sons; namely, Thomas Noel, who has attained his Age of Twenty-one Years, Rowney Noel (since deceased, an Infant), and Robert Ralph Noel, Charles Noel, and Edward Henry Noel, who are all under the Age

of

372

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.U.

'of Twenty-one Years; and no other Issue Male : And whereas the said Rowney Noel died unmarried, and the said Thomas Noel, Robert Ralph Noel, Charles Noel, and Edward Henry Noel, the other Sons of the said Thomas Noel Noel, have never been married : And whereas the said Vincent Hilton Biscoe intermarried with the said Anne Ccitherina Biscoe on or about the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety, and by his said Wife hath had Issue Six Sons; namely, Thomas Henry Biscoe (since deceased), who attained his Age of Twenty-one Years, and Vincent Joseph Biscoe, and Robert Biscoe, who have attained their respective Ages of Twenty-one Years, Charles Biscoe (since deceased, an Infant), and Frederick Biscoe, and William Archibald Biscoe, who are both under the Age of Twenty-one Years; and no other Issue Male : And whereas the said Thomas Henry Biscoe and Charles Biscoe died unmarried, and the said Vincent Joseph Biscoe, Robert Biscoe, Frederick Biscoe, and William Archibald Biscoe, have never been married : And whereas Part of the Estates so given and devised as aforesaid by the Will of the said Testator Thomas Viscount Wentworth, consists of a Moiety or Half Part of and in the Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, in the County of Liecester, and of and in the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and of the Entirety of the several Messuages or Tenements, Cottages, Lands, Hereditaments and Premises, with the Yards, Buildings, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, which are particularly described and specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed : And whereas the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, and the said Messuages or Tenements, Cottages, Lands, and Hereditaments, lie at a Distance from and unconnected with the other and greater Part of the Estates late of the said Thomas Viscount Wentworth, situate in the said County of Liecester, and by his Will so given and devised: And whereas the said Moiety of and in the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, and the Entirety of the said Messuages or Tenements, Cottages, Farms, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, with their Appurtenances, comprised in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, including the Timber growing thereon, have lately been valued at the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds: And whereas the Right Honourable Richard William Penn Earl Howe hath proposed to the several Persons therein interested, to purchase the said Moiety of and in the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, and of and in the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and the Entirety of the said Messuages or Tenements, Cottages, Farms, Lands, Hereditaments and Premises, with their Appurtenances, and of the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, at or for the Price or Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds: And whereas it would be greatly for the Benefit of the said George Gordon Noel Lord Byron, and Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron, and of all other Persons beneficially interested under the Will of the said Testator Thomas Viscount Wentworth therein, that the said Moiety of and in the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, and the Entirety of the said Messuages or Tenements, Cottages, Farms, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises comprised in the said Schedule, with their respective Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, should be sold to the said Richard William Penn Earl Howe, for the said Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds, and that the same should be laid out, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Estates contiguous to the other and greater Part of the Estates given and devised by the Will of the said Testator Thomas Viscount Wentworth, in the said Counties of Leicester and Warwick, or one of them,

r to

373

4° GEORGII IV. Cap.M.

to he settled to the Uses to which the Estates devised by the Will of the said Thomas Viscount Wentworth stand limited by virtue of the said Will; but by reason of the Limitations contained in the said Will of the said Thomas Viscount Wentworth, the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said George Gordon Noel Lord Byron and, Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron, on Behalf of themselves and the said Augusta Ada, their Infant Daughter; and the said Nathaniel Curzony Robert Sewallis Viscount Tamworthy and Sophia Caroline Viscountess Tamworth his Wife, the said Thomas Noel Noel, on Behalf of himself and his said Three Infant Sons; and the said Thomas Noel, the said Vincent Hilton Biscoe, and Anna Catherina his Wife, on Behalf of themselves and their said Two Infant Sons; and the said Vincent Joseph Biscoe and Robert Biscoe, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Moiety or Half Part of and in the Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, in the County of Leicester, and of and in the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and the Entirety of the several Messuages or Tenements, Cottages, Farms, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises respectively described and specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed (being Part of the Estates so given and devised by the Will of the said Thomas Viscount Wentworth as aforesaid), together with all and singular Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Stables, Erections, Buildings, Ways, Paths, Passages, Waters, Watercourses, Timber, and other Trees, and Underwood, and the Ground and Soil thereof, Commons of Pasture, and other Commonable Rights, Mines, Minerals, Fences, Easements, Profits, Hereditaments, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Moiety, Hereditaments, and Premises, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof now or heretofore belonging or appertaining or therewith held and enjoyed, or accepted and taken as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits of the same Hereditaments, shall immediately from and after the passing of this Act, be vested in, and the same are hereby from henceforth vested in the said Morton Lord Henley, and Charles Montolieu Burges of Beauport, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and absolutely discharged and exonerated of and from the Uses, Trusts, Entails, Limitations, Conditions, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, in and by the said recited Will of the said Thomas Viscount Wentworth, and the said recited Indenture of the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or either of them, declared, expressed, contained, or created of and concerning the same, except the said Annuities given by the said recited Will of the said Thomas Viscount Wentworth as herein-before is mentioned, or such of them as may be now subsisting; but nevertheless upon Trust that they the said Morton Lord Henley and Charles Montolieu Burges, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, do and shall with all convenient Speed (but subject and without Prejudice to the said Annuities) sell and dispose of the said Moiety or Half Part of and in the said Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, and of and in the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and the Entirety of the said Messuages or Tenements, Cottages, [Private.] , Jj Farms,

Estates vested in Trustees for Sale to Earl Howe.

374

4° GEORGII IV. Cop.24.

Farms, Lands, Hereditaments and Premises, with their respective Rights, Members, and Appurtenances unto the said Richard William Penn Earl Howe, at or for the Price or Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds.

Purchase

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Richard William Penn Earl Money tobe Howe shall pay his Purchase Money for the said Moiety, Hereditaments, Bank"101116 anc^ f>rem^ses int0 the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, " ex parte the Purchaser of Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Viscount Wentworthpursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, and the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-four.

Certificate of HI. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of the Account- the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, together with the ant General Receipt or Receipts of One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, of a CaTier thereto ann^xed, and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court, of the Bank, of the Payment of the said Purchase Money into the Bank of England, to be a Dis- shall be a good and effectual Discharge and good and effectual Discharges charge to the to the said Richard William Penn Earl Howe, his Heirs and Assigns, for Purchaser. hjs purcjiase Money for the said Moiety, Hereditaments, and Premises by this Act vested in the said Morton Lord Henley and Charles Montolieu Burges, their Heirs and Assigns, for Sale to him as aforesaid.

On Payment

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Morton Lord Henley and of the Pur- Charles Montolieu Burges, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns chas^lVtoney, Qf such Survivor, shall, upon the Payment by the said Richard William beconveved Earl Howe, his Heirs or Assigns, of his said Purchase Money into

as the Pur- the Bank of England, in Manner herein-before mentioned, convey and chaser shall assure the said Moiety of and in the said Manor of Congerston otherwise direct. Congeston, and of and in the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurte-

nances thereto belonging, and the Entirety of the said Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Cottages, Hereditaments and Premises, with their respective Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, (but subject and without Prejudice to the said Annuities granted by the Will of the said Thomas Viscount Wentworth, or such of them as shall then be existing and payable), unto and to the Use of the said Richard William Penn Earl Howe, his Heirs and Assigns, or as he or they shall direct or appoint, and that he the said Richard William Penn Earl Howe, his Heirs and Assigns, shall immediately from and after the Payment of his said Purchase Money into the Bank, in the Manner herein-before directed, and the Execution of the Conveyance so to be made to him as aforesaid, hold and enjoy the Moiety, Hereditaments, and Premises, to be by him purchased as aforesaid, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all and every the Uses, Trusts, Estates, Entails, Limitations, Conditions, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, in and by the said recited Will of the said Thomas Viscount Wentworth, and the said recited Indenture of the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or either of them, declared, expressed, contained or created, of and concerning the said Moiety, Hereditaments, and Premises hereby vested in the said Morton Lord Henley and Charles Montolieu Burges, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust for Sale as herein-: 1 o before

375

.4° GEORGIIi iVX C^.24.

before isrmentioned, (save and except tile said Annuities by the said recited Will charged and made payable, or such of them, if any, as shall be then payable), msauorfi nsvslS lo mu2 1093^ sdl tol 10 ts

V. And be it further enacted, That until the said Estate, hereby vested Until Sale, in Trust to be sold as aforesaid shall be conveyed in pursuance of this Act, lhe Rents to the said Morton Lord Henley and Charles Montolieu Burges, and their Heirs, th^Per-shall perm' the same to be held and enjoyed, and the Rents, issues, and sons entitled Profits thereof to be received and taken by such Person and Persons thereto.

as would have been entitled to the same in case this Act had not passed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences Costs of the of making Surveys, Admeasurements, and Valuations of the Moiety, Act, &c. to Hereditaments, and Premises described in the said Schedule to this Act ^ar^Howe annexed, and also preparatory to and incurred in soliciting, applying

for, and obtaining and passing this Act, or incident or relative thereto,

\ and in making out the Title to the said Moiety, Hereditaments, and Premises, and of the Conveyance thereof to the said Richard William Penn Earl Howe, his Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, shall be wholly paid by the said Richard William Penn Earl Howe, his Heirs or Assigns, out of his and their own proper Monies.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Purchase Money so to be Application paid into the Bank of England, as herein-before is mentioned, shall be of Purchase applied under the Order and Direction of the said High Court of Chan- Money* eery, to be obtained as herein-after is mentioned, in or towards the paying

or discharging the Costs, Charges, and Expences, to be taxed and settled as between Solicitor and Client, to be incurred in completing and making the Purchases herein-after directed to be made, and the Settlements herein-after directed to be executed, and in the Applications herein-c after directed to be made to the said High Court of Chancery, or otherwise to be incurred in the Execution of this Act, (except those e which are to be sustained and paid by the said Richard William Penn Earl Howe, his Heirs or Assigns), and that the Residue of the said Money shall, under the Directions of the said Court, be applied in the Purchase of Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments of a clear Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession, free from Incumbrances, except Chief or Quit Rents, and Services to the Lord of the Fee, to be situate, lying, and being as near as may be to the other and greater Part of the Estates given and devised by the said Will of the said Thomas Viscount Wentworth, in the said Counties of Leicester and

0 Warwick, or One of them, and may be convenient to be held and enjoyed therewith, and that all the Hereditaments so to be purchased (except One-sixth Part of the same, which may be of a Copyhold or Customary Nature or Tenure), shall be of the Nature or Tenure of Freehold; and that the Hereditaments so to be purchased shall, under the like Direction of the said High Court of Chancery, be conveyed, settled, and assured

, to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and subject to the Charges, Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations to, upon, and subject to which the said Estates ? hereby vested in the said Morton Lord Henley and Charles Montolieu Burges, their Heirs and Assigns, for Sale as aforesaid, would if this Act, had not been passed, have stood limited and settled by virtue of the said recited . Will of the said Thomas Viscount Wentworth, and the said recited Inden-

1 ture of the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six-

ndtad c: teen.

376

The Purchase Money to be laid out in Navy Bills, &c. until invested in a Purchase.

For taxing the Costs.

4° GEORGII IV. 24.

teen, or either of them, or such of them as may be then subsisting, undetermined and capable of taking effect, (save and except the said Annuities charged by the said Will on the said Hereditaments hereby made saleable).

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Purchase Money which shall be paid into the Bank of England under the Directions of this Act, shall, in the meantime and until the same Money shall be invested in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, be laid out by the said Accountant General, under the Directions of the said Court of Chancery, to be obtained as herein-after is mentioned, in the Purchase of Navy, or Victualling, or Transport, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in Navy, or Victualling, or Transport, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the same, should they or any of them be paid off by Government, be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy, or Victualling, or Transport, or Exchequer Bills, and so from Time to Time as occasion shall require; provided that it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to make such General Order or Orders, or Special Order or Orders, if necessary, that whenever the Exchequer Bills of the Date of those in the Hands of the said Accountant General shall be in course of Payment by Government, and new Exchequer Bills shall be issued, such new Exchequer Bills may be received for those in Exchange, which are so in the course of Payment, as shall be effectual for enabling such Receipt in Exchange, and that in that Event the Interest of the old Bills shall be laid out as before directed with respect to the Interest on the Bills which are paid off, and all such Navy, and Victualling, and Transport and Exchequer Bills, whether purchased or exchanged, shall be deposited in the Bank of England, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall remain there until a proper Purchase or proper Purchases shall be found and approved in the Manner directed by this Act, and until the same shall, under the Direction of the said Court, to be obtained as herein-after is mentioned, be ordered to be sold by the Accountant General for completing such Purchases; and if the Money arising by the Sale of such Navy, or Victualling, or Transport or Exchequer Bills, shall exceed the Amount of the whole Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then, and in such Case only, the Surplus which shall remain shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Personal Representatives of such Person or Persons.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Chancery from Time to Time to make such an Order as the said Court shall think fit for taxing and settling all Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall have been^or shall be incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, and which have been incurred in the several Steps and Proceedings preparatory thereto, and in making the several Applications to the said Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, and investing all or any of the Monies which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, or Stock in the Public Funds, according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise, in carrying the Purposes of this Act

into

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 24. 377

into Execution, and also from Time to Time to make an Order, if to the same Court it shall seem fit, for the Payment of such last-mentioned Costs,

Charges, and Expences, out of the Monies so to be paid into the said Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Money arising by the said Sale of the said Navy or Victualling, or Transport or Exchequer Bills.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the said Morton Lord Henley and Power to Charles Montolieu Burges, or either of them, or any Trustees or Trustee appoint new to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, as herein-after is mentioned, Trustees* or their or any or either of their Heirs or Assigns, shall happen to die or be desirous of being discharged of and from, or refuse or decline or become incapable to act in the Trusts hereby created before the same shall be performed, then and in such Case, and so often as it shall so

happen, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, in a summary

Way, upon the Petition of the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be entitled to the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premises to be purchased and settled as aforesaid, or to have the same paid for her separate Use, if such Person shall have attained his or her Age of Twenty-one Years, but if such Person shall be under that Age, then of his or her Guardian or Guardians during his or her Minority or respective Minorities, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint any other Person or Persons, to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Stead or Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desirous to be discharged, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and when and so often as any Trustee or Trustees shall have been nominated and appointed in Manner aforesaid, all the Trust Estates shall be vested in him jointly with the surviving or continuing Trustees or Trustee, or solely as’occasion shall require, upon the same Trusts as are herein-before declared of and concerning the same Trust Estates, or such of them as shall or may be then subsisting and capable of taking Effect, and every such new Trustee shall have the same Powers and Authorities as the Trustee in whose Room he shall be substituted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Direction Method or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery is required to be obtained for obtaining by this Act, or in which it shall be found expedient to obtain the same, r.he D*rec-for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, then and in such Court^of16 Cases, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the Chancery, said George Gordon Noel Lord Byron, during the Life of the said Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron, and for the said Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron, in case she should survive him, and after her Decease for the Person who for the Time being would be beneficially entitled to the Estates hereby directed to be purchased, if the same were actually purchased and settled, or the Rents, Issues, and Profits paid to her for her separate Use, in case such Person shall be of full Age, and to and for his or her Guardian or Guardians during his or her Minority, to prefer a Petition to His Majesty's said Court of Chancery in a summary Way, thereby praying the Direction or Approbation of the said Court for the Purposes for which the same shall be required for carrying the Trusts of this Act into Execution, and that upon any such Petition being preferred, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery from Time to Time to make such Order or Orders, and give such Directions as the said Court shall think proper.

[Private

s c—d

XII. Saving

378

General

Saving.

Evidence

Clause.

4° GEORGII IV. 24.

XII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Persons and Person, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said George Gordon Noel Lord Byron and Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron, and the Heirs Male and Female hereafter to be born to her the said Anne Isabella Noel Lady Byron, and the Issue Male of their respective Bodies, the said Augusta Ada Byron and her Issue Male, the said Nathaniel Curzon and his Issue Male and Female, and their respective Issue Male, the said Robert Sewallis Viscount Tamworth and Sophia Caroline Viscountess Tamworth, and the Heirs, Male and Female, of the said Sophia Caroline Viscountess Tamworth, and their respective Issue Male, the said Thomas Noel Noel and the Sons hereafter to be born to him, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, the said Thomas Noel, Robert Ralph Noel, Charles Noel, and Edward Henry Noel, and their respective Issue Male, and the said Vincent Hilton Biscoe and Anna Cathe-rina Biscoe, and the Sons hereafter to be born to her the said Anna Catherina Biscoe, and their respective Issue Male, the said Vincent Joseph Biscoe, Robert Biscoe, Frederick Biscoe, and William Archibald Biscoe, and their respective Issue Male, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming or to claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest under or by virtue of the said recited Will of the said Thomas Viscount Wentworth deceased, or the said recited Indenture of the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, (other than and except the Person or Persons claiming in respect of any Annuity or Annuities charged thereon as aforesaid, and which may be subsisting), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of, in, to, or out of the said Moiety, Hereditaments, and Premises hereby vested in the said Morton Lord Henley and Charles Montolieu Burges, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust for Sale as herein-before is mentioned, or any Part thereof respectively, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed in case this Act had not been passed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and others.

Th

7

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers,

Containing a Description of Part of the Estates given and devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Wentworth, situate in the several Parishes of Congerston otherwise Congeston, Nailstone otherwise Nelson, Shaxton otherwise Shackerstone, and Market Bosworth, or some or one of them, in the County of Leicester.

TENANTS NAMES.

The Executors of John Smith, Thomas Chapman,

John Chapman,

John Heafield,

George Heafield,

Richard Heafield, Joshua Hincks,

Reverend John Roby,

DESCRIPTION.

A Moiety, or Half Part of and in the Manor of Congerston otherwise Congeston, and of and in the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurte- > nances, - - - J

A Farm, consisting of a Messuage, with Barns, Stables, Outbuildings, 1 Yards, Garden, Orchard, Inclosures, and several Pieces of Land, J A Farm, consisting of Barns, Stables, Outbuildings, Yards, Inclosures, J and several Pieces of Land, - - J

A Farm, consisting of a Messuage, with Barns, Stables, Outbuildings, 'J Yards, Garden, Orchard, Inclosures, and several Pieces of Land, - J A Farm, consisting of a Messuage, with Barns, Stables, Outbuildings, \ Yards, Garden, Orchard, Inclosures, and several Pieces of Land, - j A Farm, consisting of a Messuage, with Barns, Stables, Outbuildings, "1 Yards, Garden, Orchard, Inclosures, and several Pieces of Land, - / A Cottage, Garden, and several Pieces of Land, -

A Public House, with Outbuildings, Yard, Garden, and several Pieces of Land, - - - J

Orchard and Garden, -

Proportion of open Pastures, appertaining to the foregoing Estates, \ and now enjoyed therewith, - - J

QUANTITY. ANNUAL RENT.

A. R. p. £ s. d.

82 0 1 \ 92 0 0

48 2 27 60 0 0

50 2 3 60 0 0

48 0 34-| 74 0 0

10 3 25j

3 0 31 5 0 0

3 0 21 7 0 0

0 3 38 2 0 0

30 2 3

278 0 23 300 0 0

FEE

SIMPLE.

s. d.

CO

5 ~ tr

5 a . , o a. m y

g -

B.-S 7.

9,000 0 0

The Timber included in the Value of the Fee Simple.

DEDUCTIONS:

The Sum of £10 payable to the Curate of Earl Shilton, charged on the foregoing Estate.

As to the Admeasurement,

As to the rest of the Schedule,

- Thomas Miles.

{Richard Crabtree. Thomas Davison.

CO

SO

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 25.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Land and other Hereditaments, belonging to Sidney Sussex College in the University of Cambridge, in Trustees for Sale, with Powers to lease on Fines, and for applying the Purchase Monies, and Monies to arise from Fines, in manner therein mentioned.

[4th July 1823.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Land and 58G*3.c,39. other Hereditaments, belonging to Sidney Sussex College in the University of Cambridge, in Trustees for Sale, with Powers to lease on Fines, and for applying the Purchase Monies, and Monies to arise from Fines, in manner therein mentioned; and thereby after reciting amongst other Things that Samuel Taylor, late of Dudley in the County of Worcester, Bachelor of Civil Law, duly made and published his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Tenth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and twenty-six, executed and attested in such Manner as is by Law required for passing Freehold Estates, and thereby gave and devised I Private.'] 5 C to

4§ GEORGII IVi C^>.25.

to the Master and Fellows of Sidney Sussex College in the University of Cambridge, and to their Heirs and Successors for ever, certain ^Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in his said Will particularly described, situate^ lying, and being in the Manor of Dudley in the County of Worcester, and in Oaken, otherwise Qking, and at Tipton Green in the County of Stafford, to have and to hold the same, with the Appurtenances, unto the said Master and Fellows of Sidney Sussex College, their Heirs and Successors for ever, upon the Trusts and for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned; and also reciting a Decree of the Court of Chancery touching and concerning the same, it was enacted, that all and singular the Mines, Veins, and Seams of Coal, Limestone, Ironstone, and other Minerals lying under certain Hereditaments devised by the said Will, and particularly described in the said Act and in a Schedule thereto, should be vested in and settled upon John Minet Henniker of Stratford Green in the County of Essex, Esquire, and John Chafy of Walcot Place, in the Parish of Lambeth in the County of Surrey, Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them the said John Minet Henniker and John Chafy, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, absolutely freed, discharged, acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of and from all and every the Uses, Trusts, Estates, Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations in and by the said Will of the said Testator, and the said Decree, or either of them, limited, expressed, or declared of or concerning the same, but nevertheless upon the several Trusts, and to and for the several Ends, Intents, and Purposes thereinafter expressed and declared of and concerning the same; (that is to say), upon Trust, that they the said John Minet Henniker and John Chafy, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor should, with all convenient Speed, with the Consent and Approbation of the Master, Fellows, and Scholars for the Time being of the said College, testified by any Instrument in Writing under the Seal of the said College, sell and dispose of the said Mines, Veins, and Seams of Coal, Limestone, Iron-stone, and other Minerals lying under the said Pieces or Parcels of Land and other Hereditaments so thereby vested in them as aforesaid, by public Auction or private Contract, and together or in Parcels, with full Power and Authority to dig, try for, win, work, and get the said Coal, Limestone, Ironstone, and other Minerals thereby made saleable, and to erect such Steam Engines and other Buildings, and make such Roads and Ways, and do such other Acts as might be necessary on the said Pieces or Parcels of Land, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the best Price or Prices that could be reasonably had or gotten for the same; and on Payment of the Purchase Money, for which the same should be so respectively sold, into the Bank of England as therein-after mentioned, should convey and assure the same Mines, Veins, and Seams under the said Pieces or Parcels of Land and other Hereditaments, or such Part thereof as should be so sold as aforesaid, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance and absolute Property of and in the same and every Part thereof respectively, with the Appurtenances, unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, or as he, she, or they should direct or appoint, freed, discharged, acquitted, exempted, and exonerated as aforesaid : Provided always, and it was thereby further enacted, that notwithstanding any thing therein-before contained to the contrary, it should and might be lawful to and for the said John Minet Henniker and John Chafy, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, and they and he were and was thereby directed, at the

7 Request

387

4° GEORGII IV. 25.

Request of the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars for the Time being of the said College, by Indenture or Indentures to be sealed arid delivered by the said Trustees or Trustee of the said Act for the Time being, and with the Common Seal of the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, for the Purpose of testifying their Request, to demise or lease the said Mines, Veins, and Seams of Coal, Limestone, Ironstone, or other Minerals, or any of them, lying under the said Parcels of Land and other Hereditaments described in the Schedule thereunto annexed, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons, in consideration of the greatest Fine or Income in Money that could be reasonably had or gotten for the same, to be paid either at once or by several Payments into the Bank in manner thereinafter mentioned, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Forty Years, in Possession at a Pepper Corn Rent, with full Power and Authority to dig, try for, win, work, and get the Coals, Limestone, Ironstone, and other Minerals in and under the Lands and Hereditaments to be respectively comprized in such Indenture or Indentures, and to erect such Steam Engines and other Buildings, and make such Roads and Ways, and do such other Acts as might be necessary on the said Pieces or Parcels of Land, so as every such Lessee should execute and deliver to the said Trustee or Trustees for the Time being a Counterpart of the Lease or Leases so made as aforesaid : And it was further enacted, that it should and might be lawful to and for the High Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be preferred to that Court in a summary Way, by or on Behalf of the Master, Fellows, and Scholars for the Time being of the said College, to order and direct the Monies so to be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, and the Profit and Increase thereon, by means of Interest on the Navy or Victualling Bills, or Transport or Exchequer Bills directed by the said Act to be purchased, which should remain after Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expences therein-after mentioned, and also after Payment of the Sum of Four thousand Pounds to the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of the said College, for the Purpose likewise thereinafter mentioned, to be laid out in the Purchase of Freehold Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession, free from Incumbrances, except Quit-rents and Leases at Rack-rent; and that all and singular the said Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which should be so purchased as aforesaid, should be thereupon immediately settled, conveyed, and assured unto and to the Use of the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars for the Time being, and their Successors; and that the Master, Fellows, and Scholars for the Time being of the said College should stand and be seised and possessed of the said Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments upon Trust, to pay Yearly to the Mathematical Lecturer in the said College for the Time being, not exceeding the Sum of Thirty Pounds, as a Compensation for the Injury done to the Soil of the said Lands by working the said Mines, Veins, and Seams, and to appropriate the Surplus of the clear annual Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof unto and among such Persons, being Graduates or Under Graduates of the University of Cambridge, as should appear in the Judgment of the said Master and Fellows, or the major Part of them at that Time resident in the said College, to be the best Proficients in Mathematical Learning; and it was provided, that no Person should receive any Part of the said Rents and Profits until he should have entered into and becorrie a Member of the said College, and that no Part of the said Rents

388

4° GEORGII IV. 25.

and Profits should be paid to any Person after he should have ceased to be a Member of the said College: And it was further provided, that it should and might be lawful to and for the Master and Fellows of the said College for the Time being, from Time to Time to make such Rules and Regulations as they should think fit for the Examination of Persons who might be Candidates for the said Mathematical Exhibitions, and for the filling up of Vacancies in the said Exhibitions, and to determine what Persons ought to be Candidates for the same, regard being had to their Standing in the University and other Circumstances, and to determine in what Shares and Proportions, and for what Periods, and at what Times such Persons respectively should receive the said Surplus of the clear annual Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Estates; and it was further enacted, that for the better carrying into effect the Will of the said Testator for the Education of the said Students or Scholars, and enabling them in an especial Manner to addict and apply themselves to the Study of Mathematics, to the End that they might become good Proficients therein, it should and might be lawful to and for the said Master and Fellows, and their Successors from Time to Time, to lay out, expend, and apply so much and such Parts of the said Surplus of the clear annual Rents and Profits of the Estates in the Purchase of such Mathematical Books and Treatises, and Mathematical Instruments, for the Use of the said Students or Scholars, as they the said Master and Fellows and their Successors might think most conducive to his and their Improvement in Mathematical Learning, but not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds annually, and also to apply any Sum not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, out of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, in erecting, building, altering, or fitting up and preparing a convenient and proper Place for the Reception of such Mathematical Books and Treatises and Instruments, and to make such Provision for their safe Custody and Preservation, as the said Master and Fellows and their Successors should think fit: And whereas by an Indenture, bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, made between the said John Minet Henniker and John Chafy of the First Part, the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars of the Second Part, and James Foster of Stourbridge in the County of Worcester and Thomas Jukes Collier of Newport in the County of Salop, Coal and Iron Masters and Copartners, of the Third Part, the said John Minet Henniker and John Chafy, pursuant to the Powers in the said Act contained, leased Part of the said Mines to the said James Foster and Thomas Jukes Collier for a Term of Forty Years, commencing from the Twenty-ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, in consideration of a Fine or Sum of Eighteen thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, payable into the Bank of England in the Name of the Accountant-General of the said Court of Chancery by several Instalments, the last of which will become due on the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and by another Indenture, bearing Date the same Thirtieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, made between the said John Minet Henniker and John Chafy of the First Part, the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars of the Second Part, and James Wainwright of the City of Hereford, John Jones of the Parish of Dudley in the County of Worcester, and Joseph Fereday of the same Parish and County, Coal and Iron Masters and Copartners, of the Third Part, the said John Minet Henniker and John Chafy leased the Residue of the said Mines to the said James Wainwright,

389

.4° GEORGII IV. Cup.25.

wright, John Jones, and Joseph Fereday for the like Term of Forty Years, commencing from the same Twenty-ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, in consideration of a Fine or Sum of Eleven;^;, thousand five hundred Pounds, payable in like Manner by Instalments, the J last of which will become dtie on the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six; And whereas the said Master,

Fellows, and Scholars have proceeded in the erecting, building, and preparing a Mathematical Library, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act, and also in fitting up a Hall, in which it is proposed Mathematical Lee- " tures shall be read, and have, by such Buildings, Alterations, and Improvements, for the Purpose of rendering them as convenient as possible, incurred an Expence of Five thousand Pounds, being an Excess of One thousand Pounds beyond the Sum of Four thousand Pounds made appli- /: cable by the said Act for those Purposes: And whereas it would tend . further to promote the Views and Intentions of the Testator if proper Rooms were provided and fitted up for the Residence and Use of the Mathematical Exhibitioners in the said College; and an Estimate of the Expence thereof, together with the fitting up such Rooms, has been made, which amounts to the Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds at the least, but such Objects cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas by an Order of the High Court of Chan- 13th Feb. eery, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of February One thousand eight *23, hundred and twenty-three, and made upon the Petition of the said Master, 1

Fellows, and Scholars, setting forth the several Matters aforesaid, it was Chancery, ordered, that it should be referred to Sir John Simeon Baronet, One of the Masters of the said Court, to consider and state to the Court whether it was fit and proper that the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars should-forthwith apply to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill to amend the said recited Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, in such Manner and under such Regulations as the Legislature should think proper; and in case the said Master should be of Opinion that it would be fit and proper so to do, then it was ordered that the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars should be at Liberty to apply accordingly : And whereas the said Master by his Report, bearing Date gth March the Sixth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, 1823, certified he was of Opinion that it was fit and proper that the said Master, Master’s Re-Fellows, and Scholars should forthwith apply to Parliament for leave to Fort approv" bring in a Bill to amend the said Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of lefn Applica-the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, in such Manner and tion. under such Regulations as the Legislature should think proper : Therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said High Court Court of of Chancery, upon Petition to be preferred from Time to Time in a sum- Chancery mary Way by the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors, ^ooTtoV to order and direct any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the paid to the 6 Whole the Sum of Four thousand five hundred Pounds (in Addition to Master, &c. the Sum of Four thousand Pounds made payable by the said Act passed in addition in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George to \he 4000i* the Third) to be paid to the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, or to SdebyTe [Private T 5 f such recited Act.

390 4° GEORGII IV. 25.

such Person or Persons as they shall name, out of the Monies so directed to be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, or other Monies under Controul of the said Court by virtue of the said Act, in order to be applied in defraying the Remainder of the Expences of erecting, building, altering, or fitting up and preparing convenient and proper Rooms or Places for the Reception of Mathematical Books, Treatises, and Instruments, and the Expences of providing and fitting up Rooms for the Residence of the Mathematical Exhibitioners within the said College.

Power to : jjt And whereas it may be desirable that when the said Buildings and

Librarian Rooms shall be completed and fitted up, and furnished with Mathematical Books and Treatises and Instruments, a Librarian or Librarians, or other Person or Persons, should be appointed to have the Care and Custody thereof as herein-after mentioned, be it therefore enacted, That when and so soon as the Monies directed by the herein-before recited Act to be from Time to Time paid into the Bank, in the Name of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, shall have been laid out in the Purchase of Estates pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Master and Fellows, and their Successors, if they shall think proper so to do, from Time to Time to appoint One or more Librarian or Librarians, or Person or Persons, who shall have the Care and Custody of the said Mathematical Books and Treatises and Instruments, and from Time to Time to pay and apply out of the Surplus of the clear annual Rents and Profits of the said Estates when purchased, after making the several Payments and Allowances in and by the said Act directed, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred Pounds annually, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Master and Fellows shall think fit for the Salary or Salaries of such Librarian or Librarians or other Person or Persons.

Court of Chancery may make Orders for Taxation and Payment of Costs.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery from Time to Time, upon Petition in a summary Way, to be preferred by the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, to order and direct that the Costs, Charges, and Expences of applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending or relating to the several Applications already made and to be made to the said Court respecting the Matters aforesaid, and the Costs incurred in taking the said Monies out of the Bank, or otherwise in carrying any of the Purposes of this Act into Execution, shall be paid and satisfied out of the Monies which have been or which shall at any Time hereafter be paid into the Bank pursuant to the Directions of the herein-before recited Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, or out of the Monies arising by Sale of any Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills which may be or shall have been purchased with such Monies, or with any Part thereof, such Costs, Charges, and Expences being first taxed and settled by One of the Masters of the said Court, in pursuance of an Order or Orders which the said Court is hereby authorized to make.

General IV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and

Saving. Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and

7 Administrators,

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 25. 391

Administrators, (other than and except the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars of the said Sidney Sussex College, their Heirs and Successors, and the Persons who for the Time being shall fill, occupy, and enjoy the Mathematical Lectureship instituted and established in the said College, and all and every Person and Persons claiming or to claim by, from, through, or under them, or any of them) all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest of, in, to, or out of the said Lands and Hereditaments by the said recited Act vested in Trust to be sold or leased as aforesaid, or in, to, or out of the Monies arising by such Leases thereof as aforesaid, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Evidence several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to CIause* print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges,

Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 26.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the late Sir William East Baronet, deceased, and Tenants under the See of , to join in

Grants of Building and Repairing Leases with the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being, of Lands in Lambeth Marsh, held under the said See

[4th July 1823.]

WHEREAS under or by virtue of the several Indentures of Lease in the First Schedule to this Act annexed, the several Pieces or Parcels of Land therein respectively mentioned and contained, comprising in the whole the Entirety of a certain Piece or Tract of Land called The Twenty-one Acres, situate in Lambeth Marsh in the Parish of Lambeth in the County of Surrey, were, together with the several Buildings and Erections thereon erected and built, for the Considerations therein respectively mentioned, granted and demised by the most Reverend Father in God Charles Lord Archbishop of Canterbury to Sir William East, late of Hall Place in the County of Berks, Baronet, now deceased, for and during the Lives of the said Sir William East, and of his eldest Son Gilbert East Esquire, now Sir Gilbert East Baronet, and Henry Dalton Son of James Dalton deceased, and of Sarah his Wife, then the Wife of John Edwards of Bloomsbury Square, and for and during the Life of the longest [PrivateJ g Liver

394 4* GEORGIA IV:

Liver of them, under and subject to the Rents and Covenants therein respectively reserved and contained, and on the Tenants or Lessees Part to be paid and performed: And whereas all and singular the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground comprised in the said several Indentures of Lease were from Time to Time underlet by the said Sir William East to divers Persons, for certain Terms of Years determinable on the Decease of the Survivor of them the said Sir William East, Sir Will of Sir Gilbert East, and the said Henry Dalton : And whereas the said Sir William Ap^Tl^Ts* East duly made, signed, and published his last Will and Testament in p ’ ‘ Writing, bearing Date on or about the Twenty-third Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and thereby gave and devised unto John Sawyer of Heywood Lodge in the County of Berks, Esquire, the said Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East the Second Son of the said Testator, and East George Clayton of Gloucester Place in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, all and every the Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all other his Real Estate, to hold the same to the Use of the said Sir Gilbert East and his Assigns for the Term of his natural Life, with Remainder to the Use of the said John Sawyer, Augustus Henry East, and East George Clayton, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, during the Life of Sir Gilbert East, in Trust to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the first and every other Son of the Body of the said Sir Gilbert East, severally and successively and according to Seniority in Tail Male; Remainder to the said Augustus Henry East for the Term of his natural Life; Remainder to the Use of the said John Sawyer and the said East George Clayton, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Surviyor, during the Life of Augustus Henry East, in Trust to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the First and every other Son of the Body of Augustus Henry East, severally and successively and according to Seniority in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; and the said Testator thereby gave, devised, and bequeathed all and every his Leasehold Estates whatsoever and wheresoever, as well such as were holden upon Life or Lives as such as were held for Term or Terms of Years, and also as well such as were as such as were not renewable upon Fine or Fines, (except his House mWelbeck Street) unto the said John Sawyer, Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, and East George Clayton, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the Nature and Tenure of such Estates respectively, for all his Estate and Interest, Term and Terms of Years therein respectively, subject nevertheless to the Payment of the Rents and Performance of the Covenants and Conditions whereupon and whereby such Estates were respectively held; upon Trust nevertheless to permit and suffer the Person or Persons who for the Time being should be entitled to be in the actual Possession and Perception of the Rent6 and Profits of his Real Estates to have, receive, and take the Rents; Issues, and Profits of all and every his said Leasehold Estates so devised to them his said Trustees upon Trust as aforesaid, he, she, and they respectively duly paying all Rents then to grow due for and in respect of the said Leasehold Premises, and performing all and every the Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements in the respective Leases thereof contained, on the Tenants or Lessees Part and Behalf to be paid, done, and performed* and also paying all Fines

8 and

4° GEORGII

and Fees payable upon any Renewal of the said Leases or any of them, and taking due Care to apply for and obtain such Renewal from Time to Time according to the usual Customs whereby the same had been theretofore renewed, in all Cases where the same could be reasonably and properly done, and filling up the Lives whereon the Leases were so held with such as were young and appeared likely to live, and likewise insuring all and every the Erections and Buildings in and upon the said Leasehold Premises or any Part thereof from Fire, in the Names of them the said Trustees, in a competent Sum or competent Suras of Money, in some or One of the established Offices for Insurance of Buildings from Fire within the Cities of London or Westminster, or one of them, until the Death of the Survivor of his said Two Sons and their Issue Male; and from and after the Death of the Survivor of them his said Two Sons, Sir Gilbert East and Augustus Henry East, and their Issue Male, or in Default of Issue Male of the said Sir Gilbert East and Augustus Henry East, then he gave, devised, and bequeathed all the said Leasehold Estates (except the said House in Welbeck Street), unto all and every the Children of his Daughter Dame Mary Clayton, the Wife of Sir William Clayton Baronet, of Harleyford in the County of Bucks, whether Sons (other than and except an eldest Son) or Daughters, who should be living at the Time of the Decease of the Survivor of them the said Sir Gilbert East and Augustus Henry East, to hold to them, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, with their and every of their Appurtenances, for and during'all the Residue which should be then to come and unexpired of and in the said Terms respectively; and the said Testator thereby directed that every Renewal to be had and obtained of his said Leasehold Estates during the Life and Lives of his said Two Sons, and their Issue Male, should from Time to Time be had and taken in the Names or Name of his said Trustees, or of the Survivor of them, or of the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor* according to the Nature or Tenure of such Leasehold Estates; and the said Testator did thereby authorize his said Trustees to surrender the existing Lease or Leases from Time to Time, for the Purpose of effecting such Renewals, and thereby appointed the said John Sawyer, Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, and East George Clayton, the Executors of his said Will: And whereas the said Henry Dalton departed this Life on or about the Fourth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, in the Lifetime of the said Testator: And whereas the said Sir William East departed this Life on or about the Twelfth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, without having altered or revoked his said Will, so far as the same Will is herein-before recited; and the same Will was, on or about the Twentieth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, duly proved by his said Executors in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury; And whereas the said Sir William East surrendered in his Lifetime the original Lease of the Part of the said Tract of Land called The Twenty-one Acres, mentioned to be in the Occupation of John Edwards and his Under-tenants, and took a renewed Lease of the same Part of the said Tract of Land, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and contained in the Second Schedule to this Act; and the said original Leases of such other Parts of the said Piece or Tract of Land called The Twenty-one-Acres, as are contained in the several other Indentures of Lease specified in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, were, in pursuance

m

396 4- GEORGII IV. Cap. 26.

pursuance of the said Will of the said Sit William East, duly surrendered by the said Sit Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, East George Clayton, and the said John Sawyer, and renewed Leases thereof respectively accepted from the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, of such respective Dates as in the said Second Schedule is set forth, and for the respective Lives of the several Persons, and under and subject to the Rent* and Covenants in such several Indentures of Lease respectively mentioned, reserved, and contained: And whereas the said Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, East George Clayton, and John Sawyer, have also surrendered the Lease mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act of the Part of the said Tract of Land called The Twenty-one- Acres stated to have been in the Tenure of John Hanbury Beaufoy and his Under-tenants, and a Portion containing One Acre and One Rood of the same Part has been granted and released to His Majesty's Commissioners for building new Churches, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign 58G. 3. C. 45. of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes; but no renewed Lease of the Residue of the same Part which is contained in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed, and therein mentioned to have been in the Tenure of the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and his Undertenants, has been granted to the said Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, East George Clayton, and John Sawyer; and the said original Lease, also mentioned in the said Third Schedule to this Act, of the Parcel of the said Tract of Land called The Twenty-one Acres, described to have been underlet by the said Sir William East to Mr. William James, is still subsisting: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, 47G. 3. C. 128. intituled An Act for vesting certain Estates belonging to the See of Canter-to enable bury in Trustees for Sale, and for applying the Purchase Monies, together the Arch- with other Monies, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for enabling the Canterbury to Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leases, and for grant Build- other Purposes, it was (amongst other Things) enacted, that it should and ing Leases, might be lawful to and for the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Canter- -bury and his Successors, Archbishops of Canterbury, from Time to Time, as to such and so many of his and their Lands and Grounds then built upon or capable of Improvement by building, situate in the Parish of Lambeth otherwise Saint Mary Lambeth, and more particularly mentioned and described, in the Second Schedule to the Act now in recital annexed, (of which Lands and Grounds the said Piece or Tract of Ground called The Twenty-one Acres, so demised to the said Sir William East as aforesaid, formed Part), and as to such and so many of the Buildings as were then erected and built, or which were thereafter to be erected and built thereon, as were and should from Time to Time be out of Lease, solely and alone, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to be obtained in Manner in the said Act mentioned; and as to such and so many of his and their said Lands and Grounds, and the Houses and Buildings which were then erected and built, or which were thereafter to be erected and built thereon, as were or should be in Lease to any Person or Persons whomsoever for Years, or on any Life or Lives, jointly and with the Concurrence of the original Lessee or Lessees for the Time being thereof, or his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, by Indenture or Indentures to be sealed and delivered by the Lord Archbishop

o. \ j for

4? GEORGII jjg^Cap. 2%

for the Time being, and also, as to such Leases as were to be granted jointly with such Concurrence as aforesaid, to be sealed and delivered by such Lessee or Lessees, or his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, to demise and lease all or any Part of the same Lands and Grounds, Houses and Buildings, or any of them respectively, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Years in Possession,

or by way of immediate Reversion to any Person or Persons who should be willing to improve or repair the then present or any future Houses and Buildings or any of them, or to erect and build other Houses and Buildings in lieu and stead thereof, or to erect and build any House or Houses or other Buildings on any Grounds whereon no Buildings should be then standing, or who should be willing to annex any of the said Lands and Grounds C j Buildings then erected and built, or thereafter to be erected and built from Time to Time on the said Lands and Grounds or any of them, in such Manner as by such Leases, Demises, or Grants respectively should be specified; and also that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors for the Time being, to lay out and appropriate any Part of the same Lands and Grounds as and for a Yard or Yards, Garden or Gardens, to the Buildings then erected and built, or to be erected and built on any of the same Lands and Grounds, or for Wharfs, Timber Yards, or other Yards or Places necessary for carrying on any Manufacture or Trade, and also to appropriate any Part of the same Lands or Grounds as and for a Way or Ways, Street or Streets, Square or Squares, Avenue or Avenues, Passage or Passages, Sewer or Sewers, for the general Improvement of the Estate of the said Lord Archbishop, or his Successors in the Neighbourhood, and the Accommodation of the Tenants and Occupiers thereof, in such Manner as should be mentioned and agreed upon in such Grant, Demise, or Lease respectively, or in any general Deed to be executed for that Purpose, such general Deed, if any, to be sealed and delivered by the said Lord Archbishop or his Successors for the Time being, and to be inrolled in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and also by such Lease or Leases or general Deed to give and grant such Privileges and other Easements as the said Lord Archbishop, or his Successors, for the Time being, either alone or with such Concurrence as aforesaid, where such Concurrence should be requisite, should deem reasonable or convenient, so as there should be reserved by any such Lease or Demise the best yearly Rent that could or might be reasonably , obtained for the Premises therein comprised, payable Half-yearly or ofteneiyand so as every such Lease or Demise should be made without taking any Fine, Premium,.or Foregift for making the same, and so as the Lessee or Lessees in every such Lease should execute a Counterpart thereof, and so as in every such Lease or Demise made for the Purpose of having Buildings erected, there should be contained certain Covenants in the same Act expressed and such Proviso or Condition of Re-entry as in the same Act specified; and it was thereby further enacted, that the Rent in every such Lease should be reserved and made payable to the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being, and his Successors, (except where the Concurrence of the original Lessee or Lessees, or his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns should be requisite), and in that Case a Share not exceeding Two-third Parts of such Rent or Rents might be reserved to such original Lessee or Lessees respectively, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, [Private.'] 5 fa or

398

4° GEORGII IV. 26.

or Assigns, and with such Power of Distress, and Covenants for recovering and enforcing the Payment of the same Rent or Rents, as the said Lord Archbishop for the Time being, and such Lessee or Lessees for the Time being, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns should think fit to have inserted in each such Lease respectively, and that such Portion of the said Rent so to be reserved by every such Lease to such original Lessee or Lessees respectively, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, should continue payable to him or them during the Term to be granted by such Lease, or during such Portion thereof as should be agreed upon by and between him or them and the said Lord Archbishop for the Time being, notwithstanding the Estate or Interest, or Estates or Interests of such Lessee or Lessees respectively, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in the Houses, Buildings, or Ground, so to be granted, leased, or demised, should determine in the meantime, and that notwithstanding the Determination of such Estate and Interest, the Payment of such Portion of the said Rent should or might be enforced by Means of such Power of Distress and Covenant as aforesaid, and that such Power of Distress and Covenant should be annexed to and transferable with the said Portion of the said Rent, so as to continue such Remedy to the Assignee or Assignees thereof for the Time being; and that the Residue of the same Rent should be reserved and made payable to the said Lord Archbishop for the Time being, and his Successors, and should be and be considered as and in the Nature of a Rent incident to a Reversion expectant on a Lease for Years; and it was enacted, that in case any such Lease to be granted with the Concurrence of any original Lessee or Lessees, or his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns as aforesaid, should be avoided, under or by virtue or means of the Power of Re-entry which should be reserved as aforesaid, or any other Power of Re-entry to be inserted in any such Lease, then and in that Case, and notwithstanding the Avoidance of any such Lease, the Person or Persons who for the Time being should be entitled to that Portion of the said Rent which should be reserved to such Lessee or Lessees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, should continue entitled to such Portion of Rent or Rents for the Residue of the Term granted by the avoided Lease, or during such Part of the said Term as should be agreed on for the Continuance of such Portion of the said Rent or Rents in Manner aforesaid, so nevertheless that in case the Rents and Profits which should be actually received by or payable to the said Lord Archbishop, or his Successors, from or in respect of any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, or Hereditaments, which should be comprised in any Lease so avoided as aforesaid, should be less in Amount than the Rent which should have been reserved by such avoided Lease, then and in such Case the original Lessee or Lessees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, should not be entitled to have, receive, or demand of or from the said Lord Archbishop, or his Successors, or his or their Tenants or Lessees for the Time being, of the Lands or Grounds, Houses or Buildings, which should be comprized in such Lease, more than a rateable Share of the Rents or Profits which should be actually received by or payable to the said Lord Archbishop, his Successors or Assigns as aforesaid, proportionate to the Share of such Lessee or Lessees under the Rent reserved by such, avoided Lease $ and it was enacted, that

8 I3 in

’4° GEORGII IV. 26.

ih case when and so often as any such Lease should be avoided the Person or Persons, if any, entitled to such Portion of Rent which should be reserved to such original Lessee or Lessees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, whose Concurrence was made requisite to the Validity of such Lease under the Provisions therein-before contained, should and might, if he, she, or they should think fit and require the same, within Calendar Months next after he, she,

or they should have had Notice of such Avoidance, accept and take, and the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors was and were required, authorized, and empowered to execute to him, her, or them, at his, her, or their Expence, a new Lease in his, her, or their Name or Names, or in the Name or Names of any Trustee or Trustees for him, her, or them, of the Lands or Grounds, Houses or Buildings, and Premises comprised in such avoided Lease, for the then unexpired Residue of the Term which was granted by the said avoided Lease, at and under and subject to the same or like Rents, Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements, as by the said avoided Lease were reserved to and contained in favour of the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, nevertheless upon the Terms of paying all the Arrears (if any) of Rent due to the said Lord Archbishop for the Time being, and his Predecessors, and also paying Rent for the intermediate Time till such new Lease should be taken equal to the Rent which would have been payable to the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors in case the former Lease had not been avoided; and also paying all Costs, Charges, and Expences incurred in recovering Possession of the said Premises in consequence of such Avoidance, and also upon the Terms of performing all such Covenants respecting the Building, Repairs, and Improvements of the Premises to be comprised in such new Lease, as ought to have been performed by the former Lessee or Lessees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and subject to the same Provisoes, Covenants, and Restrictions, as should be contained in such avoided Lease, so far as the same should be applicable j and it was further enacted, that no Lease which should be granted to any such Lessee or Lessees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, under the Provisions last therein-before contained, should be renewable under or by virtue of the same Provision, in case such Lease should become voidable and be voided by any Condition of Re-entry which should be contained therein; and it was further enacted, that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Lord Archbishop for the Time being, as to such of his Lands and Grounds then built upon, or capable of Improvement by building as aforesaid, situate in the Parish of Lambeth otherwise Saint Mary Lambeth aforesaid, and described in the Second Schedule to the said Act annexed, (of which Lands and Grounds the said Piece or Tract of Land so demised to the said Six William East as aforesaid formed Part), and the Buildings thereon erected, as should from Time to Time be out of Lease, solely and alone, with the Approbation of the said Court of Chancery, to be obtained in Manner aforesaid, and as to such of his Lands, Grounds, and Buildings as should be under Lease to any Person or Persons whomsoever for Years, or for any Life or Lives, jointly with, or with the Concurrence of the Lessee or Lessees, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to enter into any Contract or Contracts under his, their, or any of their Hands, for granting any Lease or Leases of the same Lands or Grounds and Building, or any Part

400

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 26.

Part thereof, pursuant to the Powers, and at the Rent, and subject to the Restrictions therein-before contained, so far as the same should be, applicable, and to agree when and as any Land or Building so agreed to be let, or apy Part or Parts thereof, should be built upon or repaired in the Manner and to the Extent to be stipulated in any such Contract, by. One or more Indenture or Indentures, to demise and lease the Lands and, Buildings to be let, or such Part or Parts thereof as should be mentioned in such Contract, unto the Person or Persons contracting to take the same, as aforesaid, or unto such other Person or Persons as he or they should nominate and appoint in that Behalf, for and during the Remainder of the Term to be specified in such Contract, and in such Parcels and under and subject to such Portions of the yearly Rent or Rents to be specified in such Contract as should be thought proper, but so that if the yearly Rent to be reserved upon any such Lease should bear a Proportion to, the whole Rent agreed to be reserved in the Contract, greater than the Quantity of Land which should be comprised in such Lease bore to the whole of the Land comprised in the Contract, in such Case the same should not exceed One-seventh Part of the clear yearly Rack Rent Value of the Land and Buildings which should be by such Lease demised $ and it was further enacted, that in every such Contract there should be inserted a Clause or Condition for vacating the same, or for Re-entry into such Part or Parts of the Land and Buildings therein comprised and agreed to be let as should not be built upon or repaired in the Manner therein stipulated within a reasonable Time to be therein appointed, also a Clause or Condition that the Person or Persons to whom such Lease or Leases ought to be granted pursuant to such Contract should accept the same, and execute a Counterpart or Counterparts thereof, and pay the reasonable Charges of preparing the same within a reasonable Time to be thereby appointed, or that in Default thereof such Contract should be void; and ail and every such Contract or Contracts, if made with such Concurrence as aforesaid, when such Concurrence should be requisite, should be binding 1 G.4. c. 48. on the said Lord Archbishop for the Time being, and his Successors, and to explain on all Persons interested under such original Lease as aforesaid, and should 47Gacni28 carr*ed into Performance by a Lease or Leases which should be granted in pursuance of the Powers and subject to the Restrictions therein-before contained, so far as the same should be applicable: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled c An Act for vesting certain Estates belonging to the See of Caater-c bury in Trustees for Sale, and for applying the Purchase Monies, together c with other Monies, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for enabling the ‘ Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leases, and 6 for other Purposes ;* and also for granting further Powers to the Archbishop for the Time being in reference to such Leases; and also for enabling the Archbishop for the Time being to grant Leases for working certain Veins of Coal belonging to the See of Canterbury, it was amongst other Things enacted, that no Lease or Agreement for Lease or Leases to be thereafter made under or by virtue or with a View to the Exercise of the Power of granting Building or Repairing Leases, should be valid or effectual under the said Power contained in the said Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, if the Terms of Years thereby granted

4° GEORGII jIV.’ 26. 4<M

or agreed to be granted should exceed Ninety-nine Years, and that all Leases made or to be made, and Agreements entered into, and which should be entered into under or in pursuance or with an Intention to exercise the said Power of leasing, and for Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, should, if in other Respects warranted by and pursuant to the said Power (or to the Power as altered by the said Act now in Recital), be valid and effectual in like Manner as if the said Act of Parliament passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty had in express Terms authorized such Leases or Agreements for Leases for Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, so as in such Leases respectively there should be certain Stipulations in the now reciting Act enumerated or specified; and also that the Period of Three Calendar Months after Notice of the Avoidance of any Lease then granted or thereafter to be granted pursuant to the said Act should be the Period within which a new Lease should be required by the original Lessee or Lessees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, whose Concurrence was made necessary to the Validity of such Lease: And whereas there is not any Issue Male of the Body of the said Sir Gilbert East, or of the Body of the said Augustus Henry East: And whereas the said Sir William Clayton intermarried with the said Dame Mary Clayton, on or about the Sixteenth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and hath Issue by her William Robert Clayton their eldest Son and Heir, and East George Clayton, John Lloyd Clayton, Rice Richard Clayton, Augustus Philip Clayton, and Catherina Emilia Clayton, the only younger Children of the said Dame Mary Clayton: And whereas the said Catherina Emilia Clayton on or about the Twenty-ninth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one intermarried with John Shawe Manley of Thickbroom in the County of Warwick, Esquire:

And whereas the said Piece or Parcel of Land called The Twenty-one Acres, the Entirety of which is comprised in the said Indentures of Lease specified in the Schedules to this Act annexed, is conveniently situated and well adapted for facilitating the Improvements contemplated by the said first recited Act of Parliament, and the Interests of the said Sir Gilbert East,

Augustus Henry East, East George Clayton, John Lloyd Clayton, Rice Richard Clayton, Augustus Philip Clayton, and Catherina Emilia Manley, and John Shawe Manley her Husband, and of all Persons who may hereafter become entitled, under the Trusts of the said Will of Sir William East, to all or any Part or Parts of the said Piece or Parcel of Land, containing Twenty-one Acres, would be materially advanced and improved if the said Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, East George Clayton, and the said John Sawyer, as such Trustees as aforesaid, were enabled to concur with the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and his Successors, in granting Leases for such Terms of Years as wrould induce Builders and others to make Improvements thereon by substantial Erections and Buildings suitable to the improved and improving State of the Neighbourhood : And whereas by reason of the Limitation in strict Settlement contained in the said Will of the said Sir William East the Objects hereinbefore mentioned cannot be accomplished without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and the Authority of the same, That notwithstanding all or any of the Linn- QfsirWilliam [Private.] 5 % tatioDS East’s Wilf*"

by The Trustees

402

enabled to concur with the Archbishop of Canterbury in certain Building Leases.

Leases to be so made to be of the same Effect as if noTrusts had been created.

Kents under the Leases to be held by the Trustees upon the Trusts of the Will.

4° GEORGII IV. 26.

tations and Trusts contained in the said recited Will of the said Sir William East, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Sawyer, Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, and East George Clayton, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, being the Tenants under the said recited Indentures of Lease, or under any renewed Leases, and to and for the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the said recited Indentures of Lease, or of any renewed Leases, and the Estate thereby granted, to join and concur with the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being in any Lease or Leases, and in any Contract or Contracts for a Lease or Leases, of all or any Part of the said Piece or Parcel of Land or Tract of Ground containing Twenty-one Acres, and of the Messuages, Erections, and Buildings on the same Ground, which might be made by the said Lord Archbishop for the Time being, under or by virtue or means of all or any of the Powers or Authorities given or created by the Two several herein-before recited Acts of Parliament, and each or either of them, with the Concurrence of the said John Sawyer, Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, and East George Clayton, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by virtue of the said recited Indentures of Lease, or of any renewed Leases, in case no such Trusts had been created by the said recited Will of the said Sir William East; so nevertheless that no Lease or Leases, or Contract or Contracts for a Lease or Leases, to be so granted or made, shall be valid by reason of the Concurrence of the said John Sawyer, Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, and East George Clayton, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, unless the same Lease or Leases to be so made, and Contract or Contracts to be entered into, shall be made and entered into with the Consent and Approbation of the Person or Persons being adult, or who being a Female or Females shall though under Age be married, who for the Time being shall by virtue of the Trusts of the same Will be entitled to the first beneficial Estate for Life, or other greater Estate, in the Lands and ^Tenements to be comprised in such Lease or Leases, Contract or Contracts respectively, and with the Consent of the Husband or Husbands of any such Person or Persons so entitled, and being a Female or Females, and married, and the Guardian or Guardians of any Person or Persons so entitled, and being a Minor or Minors and not under Coverture, and also of the Committee or Committees of any Person or Persons so entitled, and being Lunatic or Idiot, every such Consent to be testified by the Execution of every such Lease or Contract respectively by the Person or Persons respectively whose Consent is hereby made requisite.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Lease to be so made by the said Archbishop for the Time being, with such Consent or Concurrence as aforesaid, shall be of the same Force, Effect, and Validity, to all Intents and Purposes, as if no Trusts had been created by the Will of the said Sir William East•

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Rents and other Benefits to be obtained by the said John Sawyer, Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, and East George Clayton, their Executors Administrators, and Assigns, by virtue of any Lease or Leases, Contract

6 __

403

4° GEORGII IV. 26.

or Contracts, in which they shall concur as aforesaid, shall belong to and be held by them upon such Trusts, for such Intents and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, as are in the said Will of the said Sir William East expressed and declared of and concerning the Lands to be comprised in any Lease or Leases,

Contract or Contracts, in which they the said John Sawyer, Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, and East George Clayton, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall join as aforesaid, or upon such and so many of them as at the Time of concurring in such Leases and Contracts respectively shall be then subsisting and be capable of taking Effect.

IV. And whereas the said John Lloyd Clayton and Rice Richard Clayton Respecting are abroad in Foreign Parts beyond the Seas, and their Consent to this ^ej^sents Act hath not been proved; be it therefore enacted, That this Act shall Lloyd ciay-not, nor shall any thing herein contained be construed, deemed, or taken ton and Rice to affect, be conclusive upon, or in any Manner to bind the said John Richard Chy-Lloyd Clayton and Rice Richard Clayton, or either of them, unless and ton* until the said John Lloyd Clayton and Rice Richard Clayton shall respectively signify their Consent to this Act by Writing under their respective Hands, and attested by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Writing shall be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery within Two Years from the Date of the same, and such Consent may be given in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

4 T John Lloyd Clayton, or Rice Richard Clayton, [as the Case may require],

4 do hereby consent to an Act of Parliament made and passed in 4 the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act\, so far as the said Act can or may affect or concern me, or any Person or Persons 4 claiming or to claim by, from, or under me. Given under my Hand 4 this Day of in the Year of our Lord

4 One thousand eight hundred and

4 Witness .'

V. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and His General Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Saving, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his and their Heirs and Successors, Executors and Administrators, (other than and except to the said John Sawyer, Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, and East George Clayton, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Survivor, as such Trustees and Trustee as aforesaid, and all Persons claiming or to claim by, from, under, or in Trust for him or them as such Trustees and Trustee as aforesaid, and other than and except to all and every Person and Persons claiming or to claim any beneficial Interest under or by virtue of the said Will of the said Sir William East), all such Estate, Right, Interest, Benefit,

Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, out of, or upon the said Hereditaments to be so leased or contracted to be leased as aforesaid, under or by virtue of and pursuant to the Powers contained and referred to in this Act, and every or any Part thereof, as he and they and every or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or

would,

404

Evidence

Clause.

4° GEORGII IV. 26.

would, could, or might have had, held, and enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

; -- J i ' i-f • •' ' P ? jf

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

■ v , s , y; ) 1 tuwi

■iftf j, J *a‘

The

4° GEORGII I

405

I

* J

i.^4 U g*-..

The FIRST SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

i vsmmi

QfiPt T -T1 -

*k^c> -J J Si^y

-c

DATE.

22d January 1810.

Same Date.

PARTIES.

Archbishop of Canterbury to Sir William East Baronet, deceased.

Same Parties.

Same Date.

Same Parties.

PARCELS.

All that Piece or Parcel of Ground" together with the severalErections and Buildings thereon, with the Gardens, Outhouses, and Appurtenances, situate on the South-west Side of Vine Street in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey; all which said Premises are Part and Parcel of a certain Tract or Parcel of Land in Lambeth Marsh called The Twenty-one Acres, and were then underlet by the said Sir William East to Mr. William James.

All that Piece or Parcel of Land" containing by Estimation Seven Acres and an Half or thereabouts, be the same more or less, together with the several Messuages or Tenements and other Erections and Buildings thereon, with the Gardens, Outhouses, and Appurtenances, situate on the Southwest Side of Vine Street, and on the South-east and North-west Sides of j> the Green Lane leading from Vine Street in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey; all which said Premises are Part and Parcel of a certain Tract of Land in Lambeth Marsh called The Twenty-one Acres, and then or then lately were in the several Occupations of William Bazing and others.

All that Piece or Parcel of Land" containing by Estimation Two Acres and an Half or thereabouts, be the same more or less, together with the several Messuages or Tenements and other Erections and Buildings thereon, with the Gardens, Outhouses, and Appurtenances, situate on the South Side of the Green Lane leading from Vine Street towards the Halfpenny Hatch in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey; all which said Premises are Part and Parcel of a certain Tract of Land in Lambeth Marsh called The Twenty-one Acres, and then or then lately were in the several Occupations of William Curtis and others.

5 k

TENURE.

For the Lives" of the said Sir William East, Sir Gilbert East, then Gilbert East Esquire, and Henry Dalton, and for and during the Life of the longest Liver of them.

For the Lives'* of the same > Persons. J

For the Lives'* of the same > Persons. J

Rent.

Annual Payment for redeemed Land Tax.

£ s. d.

£ s. d.

18 0 0

12 0 0

3 5 6

5 0 0

3 5 6

406

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 26

The First Schedule—continued.

DATB. PARTIES. PARCELS. ! TENURE. Rent. Annual Payment for redeemed l.and Tax.

Same Date. Same Parties. Aii that Piece or Parcel of Ground* together with the Messuage or Tenement and the several other Erections and Buildings thereon, with the Gardens, Outhouses, and Appurtenances, containing One Acre and a Quarter or thereabouts, situate on the Northeast Side of Vine Street in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey; all which said Premises are Part and Parcel of a certain Tract of Land in Lambeth Marsh called The Twenty-one Acres, and then or then lately were in the several Occupations of Alexander Tiliett and others. , • For the Lives'^ of the same > Persons. J £ s. d. 5 0 0 £ t. d. 3 5 6

Same Date. Same Parties. All that Piece or Parcel of Land' together with the Mansion House, Mill, and several Messuages or Tenements and other Erections and Buildings thereon, together with the Pleasure Grounds, Gardens, Outhouses, and Appurtenances, situate on the South-east Side of the Green Lane running Eastward from the 1 South-east End of Vine Street in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey; all which said Premises are Part and Parcel of a certain Tract of Land in Lambeth Marsh called The Twenty-one Acres, and were then or then lately in the several Occupations of John Edwards, Millwright, and others. > For the LivesV of the same > Persons. J 5 0 0 3 5 6

Same Date. Same Parties. \ All that Piece or Parcel of Ground" together with the several Erections and Buildings thereon, with the Gardens, Pleasure Grounds, and Appurtenances, containing Three Acres or thereabouts, situate on the North Side of the Green Lane leading from Vine Street towards the Halfpenny Hatch in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey; all which said Premises are Part and Parcel of a certain Tract of Land in Lambeth Marsh called The Twenty-one Acres, and were then or then lately in the Tenure of John Hanbury Beaufoy and his Undertenants. m > For the Lives "'I of the same > Persons, J 5 0 0 3 5 6

The

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 26.

407

The SECOND SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

DATE.

20 th July, 1816/

17th Feb. 1820.

< U) t)

PARTIES.

The Archbishop of Canterbury to Sir William East Baronet, deceased.

Same Date.

The Archbishop of Canterbury to Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, John Sawyer, and East George Clayton.

Same Parties.

PARCELS.

All that Piece or Parcel of Land together with the Mansion House, Mill, and several Messuages or Tenements, and other Erections and Buildings thereon, together with the Pleasure Grounds, Gardens, Outhouses, and Appurtenances, situate on the South-east Side of the Green Lane, running Eastward from the South-east End of Vine Street in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey; all which said Premises are Part and Parcel of a certain Tract of Land in Lambeth Marsh called The Twenty-one Acres, and then or then lately were in the several Occupations of John Edwards and his Under-tenants.

All that Piece or Parcel of Land"| containing by Estimation Seven Acres and a Half or thereabouts (be the same more or less), together with the several Messuages or Tenements and other Erections and Buildings thereon, with the Gardens, Outhouses, and Appurtenances, situate on the Southwest Side of Vine Street and on the South-east and North-west Sides of the Green Lane leading from Vine Street in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey; all which said Premises are Part and Parcel of a certain Tract of Land in Lambeth Marsh called The Twenty-one Acres, and then or then lately were in the Occupation of the Representatives of the late Henry King and others.

All that Piece or Parcel of Ground" together with the Messuage or Tenement and several other Erections and Buildings thereon, with the Gardens, Outhouses, and Appurtenances, containing One Acre and a Quarter or thereabouts, situate on the Northeast Side of Vine Street in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County ’ of Surrey; all which said Premises are Part and Parcel of a certain Tract of Land in Lambeth Marsh called The Twenty-one Acres, and then or then lately were in the several Occupations of Alexander Tillett and others.

TENURE.

Rent,

£ s. d.

Annual Payment for redeemed Land Tax.

£ S. d.

For the Lives')

of Sir Gilbert East,thenGilbert East Esquire, Benjamin Lyon, and Thomas S Williams, and for and during the Life of the longest Liver of them.

5 0 0

3 5 6

For the Lives* of Sir Gilbert East, James

StephenWickens, and George

Sturge, and for the Life of the longest Liver of them.

12 0 0

3 5 6

For the Lives'! of Sir Gilbert East, Alexander Tillett, and John Tillett, and for the Life of the longest Liver of them.

5 0 0

408

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 26.

DATE.

15th July, 1820.

Same Date.

PARTIES.

The Archbishop of Canterbury to Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, John Sawyer, and East George Clayton.

t

Same Parties.

The Second Schedule—continued.

PARCELS.

All that Slip of Land, containing" in Length from North to South 232 Feet 9 Inches or thereabouts, and in Breadth at the North End thereof 23 Feet 0 Inches or thereabouts, and at or near the South End thereof 21 Feet 6 Inches or thereabouts, abutting East on the Road leading from the Waterloo Bridge to the Obelisk in Saint George’s Fields, and West on Land Part of the same Estate called The Twenty-one Acres, theretofore in the Occupation of William James or of his Under-tenants, and since I demised to Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, John Sawyer, and East George Clayton, by Indenture bearing Date the 17th Day of February then last, for the Lives of the several Persons therein named,and afterwards underleased to John Field, North on other Land of the See of Canterbury, and South on a Street called Vine Street; all which said Slip of Land is Part and Parcel of the said Tract and Parcel of Land called The Twenty-one Acres, and then or then lately f was in the Occupation of J

TENURE. Rent. Annual Payment for redeemed Land Tax.

FortheLives of"j Sir Gilbert East, James Stephen Wickens, and 'v George Sturge, ( £ S. d. £ s. d. 1

J 0 0 0 13 0

and for the Life

of the longest

Liver of them. J

All that Slip of Land, containing" in Length from North to South 365 Feet or thereabouts, and in Breadth at or near the North End thereof 21 Feet 6 Inches or thereabouts, and at or near the South End thereof 17 Feet or thereabouts, abutting East on the Road leading from the Waterloo Bridge to the Obelisk in Saint George’s Fields, West on Land Part of an Estate called The Twenty-one Acres, theretofore in the Occupation of William James or of his Under-tenants, and since demised to Sir Gilbert East, Augustus Henry East, John Sawyer, and East George Clayton, by Indenture bearing Date the 17th Day of February then last, for the Lives of the several Persons therein named, and afterwards underleased to John Field, North on a Way or Street called Vine Street, and South on the Land of Henry Cooke Esquire; all which said Slip of Land is Part of the Estate called The Twenty-one Acres, and then or then lately was in the Occupation of

For the Lives of the same Persons.

1 0

0

0 13 0

o

4° GEORGII IV. 26

409

DATE.

25 th March 1822.

The Second Schedule —continued.

PARTIES.

PARCELS.

The Arch- All that Piece or Parcel of Land* bishop of containing by Estimation One Acre Canterbury Two Roods and Thirty-nine Perches, to Sir Gilbert be the same more or less, together

East Baronet, with the Two Cottages, Warehouse, Augustus and all other Erections and Buildings Henry East, thereon, with the Outhouses and Ap-John Sawyer purtenances, situate on the South Side and East of the Green Lane leading from Vine George Clay- Street towards the Halfpenny Hatch ton. in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth

in the County of Surrey, and running parallel with the said Green Lane 321 Feet, little more or less, abutting towards the East on the New Way from Marsh Road to Prince's Meadow, belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, 230 Feet little more or less, towards the South-east on Land belonging to Henry Cooke Esq. 228 Feet little more or less, and towards the Southwest on the Road leading from Waterloo Bridge towards the Obelisk in Saint Georeg s Fields, 348 Feet more or less; all which Premises are Part of a certain Tract of Land in Lambeth Marsh called The Twenty-one Acres, and were formerly in the Tenure of William Curtis, and then or then lately in the respective Occupations of John Field* Atkinson, and

others.

TENURE.

» -h'11

Rent.

£ s. d.

Annual Payment for redeemed Land Tax.

£ s. d.

j. J ... I

For the Lives'] of Sir Gilbert East, Thomas Westell Cuthbert, and James Buckingham Bevington, and for the Life of the longestLiver of them.

' . :l ■' ' A ’

U it I ,| I

M

r- • n. ■mq

4 0 0

2 12 6

,-r* -

mi i:

' , : rui 114

'i"- V:-.- "

• t I!'-

[5/]

410

4P GEORGII IV.

Cap. 26,

The THIRD SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

DATE. PARTIES. PARCELS. TENURE. Rent. Annual Payment for redeemed Land Tax.

22tl January }810. r The Archbishop of Canterbury toSirWilliam East Baronet, deceased. All that Piece or Parcel of Ground"1 being the Residue of the Piece or Parcel of Ground mentioned to have been in the Tenure of John Hanbury Beaufoy and his Under-tenants, and contained in the last Lease mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, after deducting the Land stated to have been sold to the Commis- )> sioners for building new Churches; and also deducting the Slip of Land described in the last-mentioned Indenture of the Fifteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, contained in the Second Schedule to this Act, at an apportioned Rent of <* " - - J All that Piece or Parcel of Ground,") together with the several Erections and Buildings thereon, with the Gardens, Outhouses, and Appurtenances, situate on the South-west Side of Vine Street in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County y of Surrey; all which said Premises are Part and Parcel of a certain Tract or Parcel of Land in Lambeth Marsh called The Twenty-one Acres, and were then underlet by the said Sir William East to Mr. William James. J For the Lives") of the said Sir William East, Sir Gilbert East, (then Gilbert East Esquire), I and Henry ' Dalton, and for and during the Life of the longest Liver of thejn. £ s. d. 2 0 0 18 0 0 £ s. d. 2 12 6 3 5 6

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 27.

An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell certain Parts of the Dominium directum or Superiority of the Entailed Estate of Park in the County of Banff, presently belonging to Thomas Gordon Esquire of Park, and to apply the Price to be obtained for the same in the Payment of the Debts affecting the said

Estate.

[4th July 1823.]

WHEREAS Sir James Gordon of Park in the County of Banff, Deed of Baronet, deceased, made and executed a Bond or Deed of Ja,jzie b.v Tailzie which is dated the Nineteenth Day of October in the (latecM^h00’ Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and registered Oct. 1713. in the Register of Tailzies at Edinburgh the Twenty-seventh Day of February One thousand seven hundred and fourteen, whereby he granted Procuratory for resigning his Lands and Estate therein and after mentioned; namely, All and whole the Lands and Barony of Park, with the Manor Places, Towers, Fortalices, Houses, Biggings, Yards, Orch-yards, with all and sundry Tofts, Crofts, Outsetts, Mills, Mill Lands,

Multures, Woods, Fishings, Salmon Fishings, Mosses, Muirs, Meadows,

Marshes, Annexis, Connexis, Dependencies, Parts, Pendicles, Tenants,

Tenandries, Service of Free Tenants, and universal Pertinents whatsoever pertaining and belonging to the said Lands and Barony of Park,

[Private.’] 5 / and

410

0 GEORGII IV.

Cap. 27.

and comprehending, amongst others, the Lands specified in the Second Schedule hereunto annexed, and which are known by the Names mentioned in the said Schedule as Parts of the said Barony; and all and haili the Burgh of Barony of Park, with all Liberties and Privileges whatsoever thereto belonging, and set forth at length in the Rights and Titles of the said Estate and Burgh of Barony, all lying within the Parish of Ordiequhill and Sheriffdom of Banff; in the Hands of his the said Sir James Gordon's immediate lawful Superiors of the said Lands and Barony, in favours of and for new Infeftments of the same, to be made and granted to himself the said Sir James Gordon, and after his Decease to William Gordon his eldest lawful Son, procreated betwixt him and Dame Helen Fraser his Spouse, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said William Gordon; which failing, to the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir James Gordon of his then present Marriage; which failing, to the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir James Gordon of any subsequent Marriage; which failing, to Helen Gordon, eldest lawful Daughter of the said Sir James Gordon his own Body of his said then present Marriage, and the Heirs Male of her Body; which failing, to any other Heir Female of his own Body of his said then present Marriage, and the Heirs Male of her Body; which failing, to the eldest Heir Female of the Body of the said 'William Gordon his Son, and the Heirs Male of her Body; which failing, to the Heirs Female of her Body, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; which failing, to the Heirs whatsomever of the said Sir James Gordon his Body of his said then present Marriage; which failing, to the eldest Heir Female of his Body of any subsequent Marriage, and the Heirs Male of her Body; which failing, to the Heirs Female of her Body, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; which failing, to George Gordon, Son to the then deceased John Gordon of Edinglassie, and the Heirs Male of his Body; which failing, to George Gordon of Cam-ousie, and the Heirs Male of his Body; which failing, to James Gordon, sometime of Auchoytiany, then of Cofforach, and the Heirs Male of his Body; which failing, to Adam Gordon of Inverbucket, Captain of Regiment, and the Heirs Male of his Body; which failing, to Robert Gordon, Brother German of the said Captain Adam Gordon, and the Heirs Male of his Body; which all failing, to the said Sir James Gordon his Heirs Male whatsomever; which also failing, to his Heirs and Assignees whatsomever; the eldest Heir Female and Descendants of her Body excluding all other Heirs Portioners, and succeeding without Division through the whole Course of Succession in all Time thereafter, conform to the said Destination, heritably and irredeemably; but always with and under the Reservations, Powers, Faculties, Burdens, Provisions, Conditions, Restrictions, Limitations, Clauses irritant and resolutive, and others therein mentioned, and such as are usual in Settlements of strict Entail, according to the Law of Scotland, and particularly prohibiting the Heirs of Entail from selling, disponing, wadsetting, or impignorating the said Entailed Lands and Estate or any Part thereof; but it was expressly provided and declared by the said Deed of Entail, that it should be lawful to the said Sir James Gordon, the Granter, at any Time of his Life, et etiam in lecto et articulo Mortis, by himself alone, without the Consent of the said Heirs and Members of Tailzie or any of them, to contract Debts and grant Personal or Real Security therefor, or do any other Deed onerous or gratuitous as he might think fit, wherewith his said Heirs and the Members of Tailzie above-mentioned succeeding to his said

Estate

411

4° GEORGII IV. 27^3tmf

Estate should be equally burdened, as if they were Heirs of Line served and retoured to him: And whereas the said Sir James Gordon, upon the Procuratory of Resignation contained in the said Bond of Tailzie, expede a Charter under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept and used in Scotland in place of the Great Seal thereof formerly used there, giving, granting, and disponing to him, and after his Death to the said William Gordon his eldest lawful Son, and the other Heirs and Substitutes of Tailzie above mentioned, all and whole the aforesaid Lands, Barony,

Burgh of Barony and others, but under the Restrictions and Limitations aforesaid contained in the said Deed of Tailzie, which Charter is dated the Seventh Day of April One thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and sealed at Edinburgh the Thirty-first Day of July thereafter; and upon the Precept of Sasine therein contained, the said Sir James Gordon was duly infeft and seised in the said Lands, Barony and others, under the Provisions, Limitations, and Restrictions foresaid, conform to an Instrument of Sasine in his Favour, dated the Third, and recorded in the particular Register of Sasines kept for the Sheriffdom of Banff on the Fifteenth Days of February One thousand seven hundred and fifteen:

And whereas the said Sir James Gordon was succeeded in the Possession of the said Lands, Barony, and others by the before-named William Gordon (afterwards Sir William Gordon), his eldest lawful Son, who possessed the same for several Years, but who nevertheless made up no Titles thereto : And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the Nineteenth 19G.2.C. 26. Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to attaint Alexander Earl of Kelly, William Viscount of Strathallan,

Alexander Lord Pitsligo, David Wemyss Esquire, commonly called Lord ElcliOj eldest Son and Fleir Apparent of James Earl of Wemyss; James Drummond Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of William Viscount of Strathallan; Simon Fraser Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of Simon Lord Lovat; George Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord George Murray, Brother to James Duke of Athol; Lewis Gordon Esquire, commonly called Lord Lewis Gordon, Brother to Cosmo George Duke of Gordon; James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Perth;

James Graham, late of Duntroon, taking on himself the Title of Viscount of Dundee; John Nairn, taking upon himself the Title or Stile of Lord Nairn;

David Ogilvie, taking upon himself the Title of Lord Ogilvie; John Drummond, taking upon himself the Stile or Title of Lord John Drummond,

Brother to James Drummond, taking on himself the Title of Duke of Perth;

Robert Mercer Esquire, otherwise Nairn of Aldie; Sir William Gordon of Park, John Murray of Broughton Esquire; John Gordon the elder of Glenbucket; Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; Doctor Archibald Cameron, Brother to Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; Ludovick Cameron of Tor Castle, Alexander Cameron Dungallon; Donald Mac

Donald of Clanronald, junior Son to Rhonald Mac Donald of Clanronald,

Donald Mac Donald of Lochgarie, Alexander Mac Donald c/'Keppoch,

Archibald Mac Donald Son of Col Mac Donald of Barisdale; Alexander Mac Donald of Glencoe, Evan Mac Pherson of Clunie, Lauchlan Mac Lauchlan of Castle Lauchlan, John Mac Kinnon fl/'Mac Kinnon, Charles Stewart of Ardshiel, George Lockhart, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of George Lockhart of Carnwath; Laurence Oliphant the elder, of Gask;

Laurence Oliphant the younger, of Gask; James Graham the younger, of Airth; John Stewart, commonly called John Roy Stewart; Francis Far-quharson of Monalterye, Alexander Mac Gilivrae of Drumaglash;

> ' Lauchlan

412

4° GEORGII IV.

Lauchlan Mac Intosh, Merchant at Inverness; Malcolm Ross, Son of Alexander Ross of Pitcalny; Alexander Mac Leod, Son to Master John Mac Leod Advocate; John Hay, Portioner of Restalrig, Writer to the Signet; Andrew Lumsdale, otherwise Lumsdain, Son to William Lumsdale otherwise Lumsdain, Writer in Edinburgh; and William Fidler, Clerk in the Auditor’s Office in the Exchequer of Scotland; of High Treason, if they shall not render themselves to One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, on or before the Twelfth Day of July in the Tear of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-six, and submit to Justice, the said Sir William Gordon became attainted of High Treason, from and after the Eighteenth Day of April in the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-six; and the said Lands and Barony of Park were, by virtue of another Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty 20G.2.C. 41. George the Second, intituled An Act for vesting in His Majesty the Estates of certain Traitors, and for more effectually discovering the same, and applying the Produce thereof to the Use of His Majesty, and for ascertaining and satisfying the lawful Debts and Claims thereupon, forfeited to and vested in His Majesty, and His Royal Successors, during the Natural Life of the said Sir William Gordon: And whereas, after the Death of the said Sir William Gordon, a Precept was, in pursuance of a Decreet or Order of the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland, pronounced in virtue of a Judgment of the House of Lords, issued from His Majesty's Chancery in Scotland, for infefting Captain John Gordon of Park, Second lawful Son of the said Sir James Gordon, deceased, in the foresaid Lands and Barony of Park, as the next Heir of Tailzie entitled thereto under the Tailzie and Settlement aforesaid, which Precept bears Date at Edinburgh the Eighth Day of March, and is sealed the First Day of September, both in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven; by virtue of which Precept the said Captain John Gordon was duly infeft and seised in the said Lands, Barony, and others, with and under the Reservations, Powers, Faculties, Burdens, Provisions, Conditions, Restrictions, Limitations, Clauses irritant and others, contained in the said Bond or Deed of Tailzie, conform to Instrument of Sasine in his Favour bearing Date the Seventeenth Day of October, and recorded in the particular Register of Sasines, &c. at Banff.\ the Twenty-ninth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three : And whereas the said Captain John Gordon having departed this Life, he was succeeded in the said Lands, Barony, and others by Sir Ernest Gordon of Park, Baronet, conform to a Retour^of the Special Service of the said Sir Ernest Gordon as nearest and lawful Heir of Tailzie to the said deceased Captain John Gordon his Uncle, in the said Lands and Barony, dated the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, Precept from Chancery for infefting the said Sir Ernest Gordon as Heir of Tailzie foresaid in the said Lands and Barony, dated the Seventeenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and Instrument of Sasine proceeding thereupon in favour of the said Sir Ernest Gordon, dated the Eighth, and recorded in the particular Register of Sasines kept for the Sheriffdom of Banff on the Ninth Days of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three : And whereas the said Sir Ernest Gordon having departed this Life, he was succeeded in the said Entailed Lands, Barony, and others, by his Son John, afterwards Sir John Gordon of Parky who was served Heir of lailzie to his said Father, and infeft therein, conform to a Retour of his Special Service, dated the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight

7 S4U GEORGIAIV. 3

eight hundred and one, Precept from Chancery thereupon, dated the Twenty-eighth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and one, and Instrument of Sasine proceeding upon the same in his Favour, dated the Second Day of November in the said Year One thousand eight hundred and one, and recorded in the particular Register of Sasines kept at Banff upon the same Day: And whereas the said Sir John Gordon having died, the Lands, Barony, and others foresaid next devolved upon Lachlan Duff, Writer to His Majesty's Signet, (afterwards Lachlan Gordon Esquire, of Park), as the nearest and lawful Heir of Tailzie and Provision to the said deceased Sir John Gordon, and who was accordingly duly served and retoured as such, conform to Retour of his Special Service, dated the Seventh Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, whereupon the said ■Lachlan Gordon obtained a Precept from Chancery for infefting him, as Heir of Tailzie foresaid, in the said Lands, Barony, and others, bearing Date the Twelfth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, upon which he was duly infeft on the Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, and the Instrument of Sasine in his Favour was recorded in the particular Register of Sasines for the Sheriffdom of Banff on the same Day : And whereas the said Lachlan Gordon having also died, he was succeeded in the said Lands and Barony of Park by Thomas Gordon Esquire, now of Park, his only surviving Son, who now stands duly infeft and seised therein, with and under the Burdens, Provisions, Conditions, Restrictions, Limitations, and others foresaid, conform to a Retour of his Special Service as Heir of Tailzie and Provision to his said deceased Father in the said Lands and Barony, dated the Fourteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine; Precept issued thereupon from His Majesty's Chancery, bearing Date the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and Instrument of Sasine proceeding thereon in favour of the said Thomas Gordon, dated the Twenty-seventh, and recorded in the particular Register of Sasines at Banff upon the Twenty-ninth Days of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine: And whereas at the Time of the Death of the said Sir James Gordon, the Granter of the foresaid Bond of Tailzie, he stood indebted in certain Sums of Money to various Persons, which, as subsequently accumulated with Interest and Expences, amount in all to One thousand seven hundred and twenty-one Pounds Five Shillings and Ten-pence Sterling, as set forth in the First Schedule annexed to this Act, and the same are now due to and vested in the Person of the Reverend Alexander Milne, Minister of the Parish of Boyndie, who stands infeft and seised in the Ground Right and Property of the Lands, Barony, and others foresaid, in Security to him of the same, conform to an Instrument of Sasine in his Favour, dated the Eighth, and recorded in the particular Register of Sasines at Ba?iff upon the Eleventh Days of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and the said Lands and Barony are therefore liable to be exposed to further Expence, and to be evicted for Payment of the said Debts, to the great Prejudice of the Heirs of Tailzie : And whereas the said Lands and Barony of Park, as contained in the said Bond of Tailzie, comprehend the Superiority or Dominium directum, as well as the Property or Dominium utile thereof; and the Valuation of the said Lands and Barony in the Cess Books of the Sheriffdom of Banff amounts in Cumulo to One thousand seven hundred Pounds Scots Money: And whereas the said Cumulo Valuation was, by a Decree of the Commissioners of Supply of the said Sheriffdom, dated the Twenty-sixth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and seventy-[Private.] 5 )ji three,

414

Court of Session era* powered to sell the Superiority of the Two Lots of Lands set forth in the Second Schedule.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 21.

three, divided and apportioned amongst the said Lands and Barony, into Five several Lots or Portions, the Valuation of Four of which Lots or Por-; tions exceeds Four hundred Pounds Scots each, thus affording Four Freehold Qualifications: And whereas the Superiority or Dominium directum of the said Lands and Barony yields no Rents or Profits to the Heirs of 1 ailzie; and it would therefore be expedient, and for the Advantage or the said Entailed Estate, and the Heirs of Tailzie succeeding therein, to sell the, Superiority or Dominium directum of those Parts and Portions of the said lands and Barony, set forth in the Second Schedule hereunto annexed, forming Two of the Lots or Freehold Qualifications aforesaid, and to apply the Price to be obtained for the same in paying off the foresaid Debts, and thereby relieve the Entailed Estate, and the Heirs of Tailzie succeeding therein, of those Debts for ever; but in respect of the before-recited Bond of Tailzie, and the Prohibitions and Limitations therein contained, these Purposes cannot be accomplished without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful and competent to and for the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland for the Time being, in either Division thereof, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon a Petition to be presented to the said Court, in either Division thereof, by Thomas Gordon now of Park, or the Heir of Entail for the Time being entitled to the said Entailed Estate of Park, or his or her Tutors or Curators if under the Age of Twenty-one Years; and after due Notice of such Petition being given to all concerned, in the Manner to be directed by the said Court, and hearing all Parties that may appear for their Interest, to inquire into and take an Account of the Debts of the said Sir James Gordon of Park, the Entailer, deceased, which were owing at the Time of his Death and are now due, and which affect or may be made to affect the said Estate, and how much of the said Debts remain unsatisfied; and having fixed and ascertained the Extent and Amount of such Debts, with the Interest due thereupon, by Interlocutors or Judgments, to order the Superiority or Dominium directum of the said Two Lots or Portions of the foresaid Lands and Barony, (or Freehold Qualifications), set forth in the said Second Schedule to this Act annexed, to be sold by Public Auction or Sale to the highest Offerer; and that in such Form and Manner as is requisite and necessary by the Law of Scotland, and for carrying into Execution the said Sales, the Judges of the said Court of Session, in either Division thereof, shall be and are hereby authorized and required to take Proofs of the Values of the Dominium directum of the said Two Lots or Portions of the said Entailed Estate (or Freehold Qualifications), and the several Sums of Money at which the same ought to be set up and exposed to public Auction and Sale to the highest Offerer, in the Way and Manner herein directed and provided, and for that Purpose with Powers to the said Judges to grant Warrant for publishing the said Auction and Sale, and to adjust the Conditions and Articles thereof, as to them the said Judges shall appear best calculated to answer the End in view; and to adjudge such Lots or Portions of the Dominium directum of the said Lands (or Freehold Qualifications) in such Form and Manner as is requisite and necessary by the Law of Scotland, to the several and respective Purchaser or Purchasers

thereof,

4° GEORG111 IVg Cap . 27 ,

thereof, when and as soon as the said Purchaser or Purchasers shall severally have completed their respective Purchases,0by Payment or Consignation of the full Price or Prices at or for which he, she, or they shall or may have purchased the same, with the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland, or the Cashier of the Royal Bank of Scotland, or Manager of the British Linen Company of Scotland, or any of them to whom the Judges of the said Court of Session may order Payment or Consignation to be made, without Fee or Reward, to be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of one or other of the said Banks, in the Name or Names of such Two Trustees as the Court shall direct; and which Monies shall, when so paid in, produce the highest Interest that can be obtained for the same; which Interest shall by the said Trustees be annually accumulated, and added to the Principal Sum itself, to carry Interest together, until applied by a Warrant or Warrants of the Court for the Purposes of this Act; and in general to pronounce such Interlocutors or Interlocutor, and to order and hold all such other and further Proceedings, as to them the Judges of the said Court shall appear to be necessary for carrying this Act effectually into Execution.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Purchaser Purchaser to or Purchasers under the Authority of this Act, his, her, cr their Heirs ^ave un~ and Assignees, shall by the Decrees of Sale, and upon Payment or Con- 4°u{^eto the signation of the Prices as aforesaid, have good and undoubted Right to sajdTwo Lots the said Lots or Portions of the Dominium directum of the said Lands and on Payment Barony or Freehold Qualifications so to be purchased, freed and discharged of*he Pu*> jJ. for ever from all the Debts and Deeds of the said Sir James Gordon of Parky the Entailer, and of all the Limitations, Conditions, and Restrictions aq the Debts of the said Entail; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said and Deeds of Thomas Gordony now of Parky and to any other Heir in Possession of and Entailer, &c. invested in the said Entailed Estate for the Time being, or the Tutors or Curators of such Heir if under Age as aforesaid, and he, she, or they i$; and are hereby ordered and required to execute and deliver to and in favour of the said Thomas Gordony or of the Heir in Possession, and in-; vested as aforesaid, or of Trustees for his or her Behoof, under the Authority of the Judges of the said Court of Session, in either Division thereof, good and effectual Feu Charters or other Deeds, and with all the Clauses requisite and usual by the Law of Scotland for separating the Property or Dominium utile from the Superiority or Dominium directum of the said Lands contained in the said Second Schedule hereunto annexed; Court of and it shall and may be also lawful for the Judges of the said Court of Session to Session, and they are hereby ordered and required to direct Re-convey- direct the ances, and all or any other Deeds necessary for reinvesting the said Thomas ances and" Gordon and the other Heirs of Tailzie called to the Succession of the other Deeds said Lands and Barony of Parky according to the Destination in the said for reinvest-Deed of Entail, in the full Right of Property or Dominium utile of the said Thon's Parts of the said Lands and Barony contained in the said Second Schedule :£°[he RMu hereunto annexed, to be held in Feu by the said Thomas Gordon and the of Property said Heirs of Tailzie, of and under the Purchaser or Purchasers of the the Lands respective Portions of the said Superiority or Dominium directum of the sPeo*fied lr\ said Lands, for Payment of the Sum of One Pound Scots Money yearly*! Schedule to in Name of Feu Farm Duty, for each Lot or Portion, and doubling the be held in said Feu Farm Duty for the First Year of the Entry of each Heir or Feu under singular Successor, and that for all other-garden or Exaction whatever, o^heTupeT

and ority, &c.

416

Application of the Purchase Money.

Surplus to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Series of Heirs as limited by the Bond of Tailzie.

4° GEORGII IV. Cap 27.

and with and under the whole Reservations, Powers, Faculties, Burdens, Provisions, Conditions, Restrictions, Limitations, Clauses irritant and others, contained in the said Deed of Entail, and all this without incurring any Irritancy or Forfeiture, any thing in the said Deed of Entail to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That after the said Sale or Sales shall have been so made, and the Price or Prices paid or consigned as aforesaid, the said Court shall be and they are hereby empowered and required to direct and order the said Price or Prices so paid or consigned to be paid and applied in manner following; videlicet, in the first place, in paying and defraying the necessary Charges and Expences that may be incurred in and about applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, and by and through the carrying the same into Execution, including the Expences of expeding the Deeds and Writings hereby required to be made and granted; the Costs and Charges of all Proceedings to be had in the Court of Session under this Act being taxed and ascertained according to the Practice of that Court; and in the next place, and after ascertaining the net Amount of the Debts and Claims attaching to or affecting the said Entailed Lands and Barony, in the Payment of such Debts and Claims; and the Creditor or Creditors receiving such Payment shall be obliged to execute such Receipts, Discharges, or Renunciations of his or her Debt, to the Extent of the Sums paid, as the said Court shall deem sufficient for fully and completely freeing, purging, and disencumbering the whole Lands, Barony, and others foresaid, and every Part and Portion thereof, and the said Thomas Gordon and the whole Heirs of Tailzie called to succeed thereto, of such Debt and Grounds and Warrants of the same, and Diligence and Execution raised thereon for ever; and such Receipts, Discharges, or Renunciations shall be duly recorded in the Books of Council and Session, and in the Register of Sasines or Reversions.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case a Surplus shall remain of the Price or Prices of the said Dominium directum, Superiority, or Freehold Qualifications so to be sold, after defraying the Expences attendant upon this Act, and the carrying the same into Execution, and after Payment of the foresaid Debts and Claims, the Judges of the said Court of Session, in either Division thereof, are hereby empowered and required to direct and order that the said Surplus shall be laid out and employed in the Purchase of other Lands lying contiguous to or convenient for the said Entailed Lands and Estate, or as much so as may be, which shall be limited and settled to the same Series of Heirs, and under the like Provisions, Conditions, Restrictions, Limitations, Clauses irritant and others, as the said Lands and Barony of Park, by the Bond of Tailzie foresaid, now stand limited and settled; and in the meantime, and until the Money shall be so applied, to order and direct that the same shall remain in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of the British Linen Company of Scotland, subject to the Direction of the Court of Session, in either Division thereof, in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as the said Court shall have appointed as aforesaid, who shall annually receive the highest Interest which can be got for the same; and which Interest shall be annually accumulated and added to the Principal Sum, so that they may carry Interest together, until a proper Opportunity shall occur for laying out the same in manner before

7 directed;

417

i

K

ie

tail

Hi

id

be

in

be

id

le

le

'e

e

d

I

3

4° GEORGII IV. t Cap:27.

directed; and until, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court, in either Division thereof, in a summary Way by the said Thomas Gordon, or any Heir of Entail in Possession of the said Estate, or the Tutors or Curators of such Heir if under Twenty-one Years of Age, the Money shall be ordered to be paid by the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland, or the Cashier of the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the Manager of the Bank of the British Linen Company, for such of the above Purposes as the said Court shall direct: Provided always, that if the Money arising by the Principal and accumulated Interest of such Sum or Sums shall exceed the Amount of the Purchase Money so paid into the said Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of the British Linen Company of Scotland, then and in that Case only the Surplus which shall remain, after discharging the Expence of the Application to the Court, shall be paid to the Person or Persons who for the Time being would be entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased, in case the same had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representatives of such Person or Persons.

V. Saving and reserving unto the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Saving. Bodies Politic and Corporate, and to all Legatees, Annuitants, or Creditors of the said deceased Sir James Gordon, who are or may be existing

and unpaid (excepting the said Thomas Gordon, and the Heirs of Tailzie entitled by virtue of the said before-recited Bond of Tailzie to succeed to and take the said Lands and Estate of Park), all such Estate, Right,

Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of, in, and to, or out of all or any Part of the said Lands and Estate, or the Monies to accrue by the Sale of the Superiority or Dominium directum foresaid, according as they, any or either of them, have or might have, claim, challenge, or demand, in case this Act had never been made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Evidence several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to Clause, print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed

by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges,

Justices, and others.

. 5 n

SCHEDULE

418

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 27.

SCHEDULE FIRST referred to in the foregoing Act.

DEBTS of Sir James Gordon, the Entailer, still remaining unpaid.

Accumulated Amount of said Debts now due to the" Reverend Alexander Milne, and in Security of which he is infeft in the Lands and Estate of Park, conform to Instrument of Sasine in his Favour, dated the Eighth, and recorded in the particular f Register of Sasines at Banff, the Eleventh Days of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in Two separate Sums, the one amounting to The other amounting to

£ s. d.

1,589 5 10

132

Together

1,721 5 10

The Interest accruing upon which Sum has been regularly paid by the Heirs of Tailzie successively in Possession.

John Smith,

Writer in Banff, and Agent and Factor for Thomas Gordon, Esquire, of Park.

SCHEDULE SECOND to which the foregoing Act refers.

SPECIFYING the Lands whereof the Superiority is directed to be sold, under the Names by which they are known, as Parts of the Barony of Park, with the valued Rent and estimated Price.

Lot 1st.—The Lands of Craigmartine as") sometime possessed by George McKay, that Part of the Town and Lands of Swellbog as sometime possessed by George Hepburn; the Townand Lands of Fiddies-town as sometime possessed by Patrick Morison; that Part of the Town and Lands of Little Rewater as sometime possessed by John Taylor; the Town and Lands of Meikle Rewater as sometime possessed by Alexander Wilson; the Town and Lands of Berrydrum as sometime possessed by William Taylor; that Part of the Town and Lands of Inchfud as some-

Valued Rent Estimated Price

Scots Money. Sterling Money.

b0333680q td} am

iBirbnl to

n flifiHiiw

1 k

'• 1 "7, , j

4° GEORGII IV.

419

SCHEDULE SECOND—continued.

Lot i st.—continued. time possessed by Peter Wilson; that other Part of the said Town and Lands of Inchfud as sometime possessed by Janet Taylor, Widow of Adam Reid; the Waulk Mill and Croft as sometime possessed by James Christie; that Part of the Town and Lands of Claymyres as sometime possessed by James Taylor, together with Two Oxgates of Land of Little Bog-town and an Oxgate of Land of Inchfud also sometime possessed by him; as also that Part of Claymyres and Little Bog-town sometime possessed by William Hepburn, that Part of the Town and Lands of Claymyres as sometime possessed by James Davidson, together with Two and an Half Oxgates of Land of Tilliernach also sometime possessed by him; as also that Part of the Town and Lands of Tilliernach as sometime possessed by James Pyper; the Mill of Upper Mill of Park, with the Multures, Sequels, and Knave-ships thereto belonging, and Mill Croft of the same, as sometime possessed by John Taylor, together with Six and an Half Oxgates of Land of Inchtamack. and Three Oxgates of Land of Millntown, and an Oxgate of Land of Crossfolds, and Four and an Half Oxgates of Land of the Town of Tilliernach, also sometime possessed by the said John Taylor in Upper Mill Lot 2d.—The Lands of Overtown as some-' time possessed by James Taylor in Overtown; as also that Part of the Town and Lands of Little Rewater as sometime possessed by the said James Taylor; that Part of the Town and Lands of Overtown sometime possessed by William Elder in Overtown; the Town and Lands of Fold-heads sometime possessed by William Hay inFoldheads; that Part of the Town and Lands of Inchtamack as sometime possessed by George Gerard in Inchtamack; that Part of the Town and Lands of Inchtamack sometime possessed by William Morison in Inchtamack; that Part of Inchtamack sometime possessed by William Christie there; the Town and

Carried forward - £

Valued Rent Sots Money.

£ s. d.

40711

I

■*— —•»11 " 1 1,1 407 11 7

Estimated Price Sterling Money.

£ s. d.

1,200

1,200 -

420

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 27.

I

SCHEDULE SECOND—continued.

Valued Rent Estimated Price

Scots Money. Sterling Money.

. . r •' Lot 2d.—continued. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Brought forward 407 II 7 T3 1,200

Lands of Silverhillock as sometime possessed by John and James Cowie in Silver-hillock; the Town and Lands of Finna-gade as sometime possessed by Walter Taylor in Finnagade; the Town and Lands of Rottenpots as sometime possessed by George Kilman in Rottenpots, together with Half an Oxgate of the Town and Lands of Scatterty also sometime possessed by the said George Kilman; the Town and Lands of Bogtown as sometime possessed by Alexander Wilson in Bogtown; that Part of the Town and

Lands of Crossfolds sometime possessed J by William Gerrard and afterwards by > 410 14 —fd 1,200

Peter Wilson; that other Part of the Lands of Crossfolds sometime possessed by Alexander Morison; those Parts and Portions of the Town and Lands of Scatterty as sometime possessed by James Gray, Herod Reburn, Wilson, Relict of William Elder, John Munro, James Mitchell, Jean Gordon, and John Craill, all sometime Tenants and Possessors thereof, and residing in Scatterty; as also the Town and Lands of Green-dykes as sometime possessed by George Martin there; that Part of the Town and Lands of Milntown as sometime possessed by George Morison in Milntown; the Mill

of Nether Mill of Park, with the Multures, Sucken, Sequels, and Knaveships thereof, as sometime possessed by Charles

Park in Nether Mill; together also with

that Part of the Town and Lands of Milntown and that Part of the Town and Lands of Inchtamack also sometime possessed by him £

818 5 8A: 2,400

John Smith,

Writer in Banff,

Agent and Factor for Thomas Gordon, Esquire, of Park.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 28.

An Act for changing the Site of the Hospital at Sheffield in the County of York, founded by the Right Honourable Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury; and for the better Regulation of the Affairs of that Charity. [lOthi 1823.]

HERE AS by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First> intituled An Act for vesting in Trustees several Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-?nentsy in the Counties of York and Derby, for the Maintenance of the poor Persons in the Hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, long since deceased, situate at Sheffield in the said County of Y ork, and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Hospital, and adding more poor Persons to those already established therein, reciting, among other Things, that the Right Honourable Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, long since deceased, did, by his last Will and Testament (made about One hundred Years before the passing the said Act), appoint an Hospital to be founded at Sheffield in the County of York for the Maintenance of Twenty poor People, and to be called The Hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, and thereby ordered his Executors to endow the same with such Possessions and Revenues as they should think fit, not being under Two hundred Pounds per Annum; and also reciting, that the Most Noble Henry Duke of Norfolk deceased, thentofore Earl of Norwich, Grandfather to Thomas then Duke of Norfolk, and Great Grandson and Heir at Law to the said Earl of Shrews* bury, for performing the said Will, did, above Fifty Years before the [Private.2 q passing

11G. i. c. 33.

vesting in Trustees certain Estates in the Counties of York and Derby for the Support of the Hospital at Sheffield, founded pursuant to the Will of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury.

4° GEORGII IV. 28.

passing of the said Act, erect a Building or Hospital at Sheffield aforesaid, and did place therein Twenty poor Persons, Ten Men and Ten Women, and did appoint One of such Men to be Governor of the said Hospital, and in the Year One thousand six hundred and seventy-three made certain Statutes, Orders, and Constitutions for the Government of the said Hospital, and for the electing fit poor Persons out of the Town and Parish of Shffield aforesaid, if there to be found, and if none could there be found fit and qualified according to the said Constitutions, then out of any other Place or Parish where the said Earl of Norwich had any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments descended to him from the said Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, the said poor Persons to be then after elected to be Successors of the said poor Men and poor Women in the said Hospital when or as they should die or be removed from their respective Places in the said Hospital, and appointed such Stipends to be paid to such Governor and poor Men and poor Women, and such Provisions of Coals, Clothes, and other Things to be made for them, and with such Rules and Orders for putting in, displacing, and governing the said poor Men and Women, and for dispensing with the said Orders and Regulations, as in the said Constitutions are expressed and appointed, and directed the Revenues of the said Hospital to be disposed of to the several Purposes before mentioned, and to such other Purposes as were in the said Orders and Constitutions mentioned, and gave such other Rules and Orders for maintaining and continuing the said Hospital as is therein expressed according to the said Will for ever; and further reciting, that the said Henry Duke of Norfolk being seised in Fee Simple of the Lands, Impropriations, and Tithes, and Hereditaments therein-after mentioned, situate and being respectively within the Counties of York and Derby, he the said Henry Duke of Norfolk by Indenture made betwixt him the said Henry Duke of Norfolk of the one Part, and Francis Jessop, Thomas Chappell, Cuthbert Browne, and William Spencer of the other Part, bearing Date the Twenty-third Day of November One thousand six hundred and eighty (but which Indenture is mentioned in the said Act to be then mislaid or lost), in performance of the Trust in him the said Duke touching the said Lands and Hereditaments, did grant, release, and convey the same to the said Francis Jessop, Thomas Chappell, Cuthbert Browne, and William Spencer, and their Heirs, in Trust that the said Trustees should by or out of the yearly Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments maintain and keep the said House or Building, and the Gardens and Yards thereunto belonging, from Time to Time for ever, as Need or Occasion should be, with all needful and requisite Reparations, and should provide Gowns and other Provisions for the Governor and Governess, and all the Members and Officers of or belonging to the said Hospital for the Time being, for ever, according to the said Constitutions; it was by the said Act (amongst other things) enacted, that all the said Farms, Lands, Houses, Impropriations, Rectories, Tithes, Hereditaments, and Premises, should be and the same were thereby vested in William Jessop, Joseph Banks, William Levenz, William Green, John Batty, Wardall George West by, Robert Chappell, Samuel Stamford, and John Fenton, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use and Behoof of them, their Heirs and Assigns, and that the said Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, should apply certain Monies which had arisen out of the Rents and Profits of the said Hereditaments and Premises, and the yearly accruing Rents of the said Hereditaments and Premises, in the first Place

6 to

423

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 28.

to the making all such Payments, Provisions, and Appointments to and for the then Members of the said Hospital, and their Successors, as were by the Constitution of the said Hospital appointed to and for them respectively, and should apply the Surplus to erect such additional Buildings as should be necessary for the Habitation of such poor People as should be added Members of the said Hospital; and also to maintain and keep the said House or Building called Sheffield Hospital, with the House and Chapel there, and the new intended Buildings there, and the Gardens and Yard thereunto belonging, from Time to Time for ever, with good and decent Order and Repairs; and after a Provision therein contained for maintaining an additional Number of poor Men and Women in the said Hospital, the Surplus of the said Monies, and also the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, was thereby directed to be applied to the Payment of the yearly Stipend of Thirteen Pounds to the Governor of the said Hospital, and also of the yearly Salary or Stipend of Fifteen Pounds to the said Governor as Receiver and Collector of the Rents and Revenues of the said Hospital, so long as he should from Time to Time be Receiver of the same; and it was thereby directed that the said Governor should also have the Benefit of letting such Seats and Pews in the said Chapel of the said Hospital as should not be made use of by the Members of the said Hospital; and it was thereby further enacted, that for ever thereafter the Governor of the said Hospital should be a Clergyman of the Church of England, and should be elected, appointed, and displaced for any Misfeazance or Neglect of his Duty, in the same Manner as the Governors of the said Hospital were elected and displaced, according to the said Constitutions, to the End that there might be Prayers according to the Church of England, and Two Sermons preached every Sunday in the said Chapel, and that the like Prayers might be read in the same Chapel Twice every Day as was then used throughout the Year; provided nevertheless, that such Governor, notwithstanding the said Constitutions, might be a married Man, or if a single Man might marry, and might lodge or dwell out of the said Hospital, so that he dwelt in the said Town of Sheffield, or in some Place not farther from the said Hospital than the said Town of Sheffield, and should be exempted from wearing a Scarlet Gown as directed by the said Constitutions, but instead thereof, and of Coals and Shirts annually allowed, such Governor should have the Price thereof in Money, (to wit), Five Pounds per Annum over and above all the Provisions aforesaid, as had been used and accustomed ever since the Governor of the said Hospital was a Clergyman, and also Five Pounds per Annum more, when the Revenues of the Hospital would conveniently bear the same, after the said additional poor should be added in lieu of what the former Collectors had as Charges in collecting the Tithes of Peniston in Kind when so collected; and it was thereby further enacted, that the Surplus of the Rents and Profits which should remain from Time to Time after making the said Provisions for the said Governor, and then present poor People, and the additional poor People to be added as aforesaid, and after making the said Repairs and Buildings, and after all the Trusts to which the same were thereby before directed to be applied should be satisfied, should be laid up in such Manner and for such Purposes as the said Constitutions directed the Surplus of the Monies belonging to the said Hospital to be laid up and disposed of: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing indentures of Date respectively the Tenth and Eleventh Days of June One thousand Lease and Reseven

424 4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 28. wwmid

lease, dated seven hundred and sixty-seven, the Release being of Eight Parts, and made the ioth and between the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, of the First Part; the Most nth of June £j0ble Charles late Duke of Norfolk, by his then Name and Description of 17 7* Charles Howard the younger, Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of

Charles Howard the elder, Esquire (afterwards Duke of Norfolk), of the Second Part; Henry Howard of Sheffield aforesaid, Esquire, of the 1 hird Part; John Buckle Gentleman, of the Fourth Part; Richard Heron Esquire, of the Fifth Part; Richard Earl of Scarborough, and William Earl of Strafford, of the Sixth Part; Sir Philip Musgrave Baronet, Sir Robert Throckmorton Baronet, and Thomas Giffard and Thomas Eyre, Esquires, of the Seventh Part; and Thomas Duke of Leeds, the Honourable Marmaduke Langdale, and William Constable Esquire, of the Eighth Part; and by virtue of a Common Recovery suffered in Trinity Term in that Year, in pursuance of an Agreement in the same Indenture of Release contained, the Castle and Manor of Sheffield, with the Demesne and other Lands thereto belonging, and divers other Hereditaments in or near the Town of Sheffield aforesaid, were limited and assured to the Use of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk and his Assigns for his Life, with Remainder (subject to an Estate thereby limited to Trustees for preserving contingent Remainders, and to a Limitation to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, and to a certain Term of Years thereby created, the Trusts of which have ceased to affect the said Castle and Manor of Sheffield, and to a Limitation to Trustees during the Life of the said Charles Howard the elder, afterwards Charles Duke of Norfolk, and long since deceased), to the Use of the said Charles Howard the younger, afterwards Charles Duke of Norfolk, and also since deceased, for his Life; with Remainder (subject to an Estate thereby limited to Trustees to preserve contingent Remainders, and to a Limitation to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, and also to a Limitation to the Second and other Sons of the said Charles Howard the elder, in Tail Male) to the Use of the said Henry Howard, Party thereto, for his Life; with Remainder to Trustees and their Heirs during his Life to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to Bernard Edward Howard, now Duke of Norfolk, and his Assigns for his Life; Remainder to Trustees and their Heirs during his Life to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Bernard Edward now Duke of Norfolk, severally and successively in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over: And whereas by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled 10G.3. c. 58. ^n Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the EleventhTear of the Reign of amending and His Majesty King George the First, intituled 4 An Act for vesting in Trustees enlarging the < several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Counties of York and ‘ Derby,/or the Maintenance of the poor Persons in the Hospital of Gilbert ‘ Earl of Shrewsbury, long since deceased, situate at Sheffield in the said 4 County of York, and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Hospital, and 4 adding more poor Persons to those already established therein ;* after reciting the said first recited Act, and also reciting, amongst other Things, the said Indenture of Settlement of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; and reciting certain other Indentures of Lease and Release, dated respectively the Tenth and Eleventh Days of September One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, whereby the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, as Heir of the Family of the said Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, and also as Heir of the said Thomas late Duke of Norfolk, in pursuance and exercise of certain Powers and Authorities to

‘ him

425

4° GEORGII IV. 28.

him reserved by the Orders or Constitutions of the said Hospital, and by the said first recited Act, appointed George Mason, George Donston, John Parker, John Griffith, and John Stacie to be added unto and joined with John Simpson, Strellye Pegge, Joseph Clay, and William Battie, as Trustees of the Estates with which the said Hospital was endowed as aforesaid, and by which Indentures the same Estates were conveyed so as to become vested in the said surviving and new Trustees as Joint Tenants in Fee Simple, upon the Trusts in and by the said Orders, Constitutions, and first recited Act expressed concerning the same; and reciting (amongst other Things), that in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight a great Storm or Flood happened at the said Town of Sheffield, whereby a considerable Part of the Buildings of the said Hospital was swept away and demolished, and Four of the Members of the said Hospital were drowned, it was enacted, that the said Farms, Lands, Houses, Impropriations, Rectories, Tithes, Hereditaments, and Premises, which, by the said Indenture of Release of the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, were granted, released, and conveyed to the Use of the said John Simpson, Strellye Pegge, Joseph Clay, William Battie, George Mason, George Donston, John Parker, John Griffith, and John Stacie, their Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, should remain vested in and settled upon them, their Heirs and Assigns, upon the Trusts therein-after expressed; and it was thereby further enacted, that the principal Sums of Money which were then due, owing, or belonging to the said Hospital, or which were or did stand secured by any Bonds, Notes, or other Securities taken in the Names of any of the former or then present Trustees, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons in Trust for them, and also a certain Sum of One thousand Pounds secured by the Bond of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk therein recited (being a Benefaction from the said Duke to the said Hospital as therein-before mentioned), and all and every other Sum and Sums to be at any Time or Times thereafter given or bestowed by way of Bounties or Benefactions to the said Hospital by any Person or Persons, should be and the same were thereby vested in the said last-mentioned Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, upon the Trusts therein-after declared concerning the same; and it was thereby further enacted, that as well the Hereditaments and Premises which were thereby directed to remain vested in the said last-mentioned Trustees, as the same principal Sums of Money thereby vested in the same Trustees, should remain vested in them, their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in Trust to apply so much of the said principal Sums, and of the Rents, Issues, Interest, and Profits of the said Lands, Hereditaments, principal Sums, and other the Premises, as the said Trustees for the Time being, under the Direction of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk during his Life, and after his Decease, of such other Person or Persons as therein-after is mentioned, should find requisite, in, for, or towards the rebuilding of such Part of the said Hospital as had been demolished or damaged by the said Storm or Flood, and in repairing, maintaining, and keeping in repair the said Hospital, Hall, and Chapel, and the Seats and Pews therein, and other the Outbuildings belonging thereto, and from Time to Time to apply the yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Hereditaments, and the Interest, yearly Profits, and Proceeds of the said principal Sums towards making such Payments and Provisions to and for the then present and all future Members of the said Hospital as by the Act now in recital, and the said Constitutions and former Act were [Private.] 5 p directed

426

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 28.

directed or appointed; and also to pay the yearly Stipends or Allowances of Thirteen Pounds, Five Pounds, and Five Pounds, directed by the said former Act to be paid to the Governor of the said Hospital for the Time being, and also the further yearly Sum of Twenty-five Pounds in lieu of the Benefit given or allowed to such Governor, under the Directions of the said former Act, of letting such Seats and Pews in the Chapel of the said Hospital as should not be made use of by the Members of the said Hospital, the Rents whereof were under the Direction of the Act now in recital to be retained by the Trustees of the said Hospital for the lime being for the Benefit of the said Hospital, in the Manner therein-after expressed; and to pay to the then present Governor thereof, so long as he should continue to be the Receiver and Collector of the Rents and Revenues of the said Hospital, or to the Receiver or Collector for the Time being, the yearly Salary or Stipend of Fifteen Pounds, by the said former Act directed to be paid to the then Governor as Receiver and Collector of the Rents and Revenues of the said Hospital; and after providing for an Increase of the Allowances to the Members of the said Hospital, other than the Governor, out of the Revenues of the said Hospital, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the Trustees for the Time being, from Time to Time, to place out and deposit all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which should so be received by him or them, or come to his or their Hands, in any Bank or Place of safe Custody, or to invest or place the same, or any Part thereof, in the Public Funds, or in the Purchase of Parliamentary Stocks, or upon Government or Real Security or Securities at Interest, and to call in all or any Part of the principal Money so to be invested or placed out, and again to invest, transpose, and place out the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, at Interest, upon any such like new or other Funds, Stocks, or Securities; and it was thereby enacted, that the Interest, Dividends, and Profits, which should at any Time or Times arise or be produced from such Funds, Stocks, or Securities, should from Time to Time be considered as Part of the Revenues and yearly Profits of the said Hospital; and it was thereby (amongst other Things) further enacted, that all and every the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, which by the Laws of this Realm did or might belong, or which by or under the said original Constitutions were reserved to the right Heirs or Family of the said Founders, the said Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, or the said Henry Earl of Norwich, afterwards Duke of Norfolk, or which by the said first herein-before recited Act of Parliament were reserved or intended to be reserved or given to the said Thomas Duke of Norfolk and his Heirs, of visiting, inspecting, or superintending the said Hospital, and of enquiring into, correcting, amending, or reforming the same, and the Errors and Abuses which should be or might have been committed in the Government or Administration thereof, or of the Revenues thereof, and to do and execute all such Matters and Things as should be necessary for the effectually correcting, amending, and reforming all such Errors and Abuses as aforesaid; and also all and every the Rights, Powers, and Authorities to be derived or claimed under the said Constitutions, or under the said first recited Act of Parliament, of nominating and electing the poor Persons who were to become Members of the said Hospital, in order to their being entitled to the Benefit of the said Charity > and also of placing and displacing the Governors and Receivers of the said Charity, and of nominating the Trustees who were to supply the Vacancies which should happen by Deaths, as thereinbefore mentioned, should, from and after the Decease of the said Edward

6 Duke

427

4° GEORGII IV. 28.

Duke of Norfolk, he dying without Issue Male as aforesaid, be annexed unto and be deemed and taken as appendant, belonging, or appertaining unto the said Manor or Lordship of Sheffield; and all and every the same Rights, Powers, and Authorities, and also all the Powers and Authorities given by the now reciting Act of making such Directions and Appointments concerning the Matters and Things therein-before mentioned as in the same Act were before expressed, and all other Rights, Powers, and Authorities, as well for the doing or performing any Act, Matter, or Thing which by or under any Authority was by virtue of the now reciting Act or of the former Act to be derived to the said Trustees for the Time being, for the executing or performing all or any of the Trusts which under the now reciting Act or the said former Act should for the Time being be subsisting of or concerning the Lands or Hereditaments, Sums of Money, Stocks, Funds, and Securities thereby vested in them, or of or concerning the Rents or Revenues of the said Hospital, as for any other Purpose, should, upon the Decease of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, he dying without Issue Male as aforesaid, be transferred from the right Heirs of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, and should devolve upon and be used, exercised, held, and enjoyed by such Person and Persons as from and after the Decease of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, he dying without Issue Male, should from Time to Time, by virtue of the Uses, and by and under the Limitations contained in the Indenture of Release or Settlement, dated the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be entitled to any actual Estate of Freehold or Inheritance in Possession of or in the said Manor of Sheffield, to the End that the said visitatorial Right and Power, and all the said other Rights, Interests, Powers, and Authorities, might go with the said Manor, and might be held and enjoyed therewith, and might continue in the Name, Blood, and Family of the Ancestors of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk: And whereas the said Edward Duke of Norfolk died on the Twentieth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, without Issue; and the said Charles Duke of Norfolk (in the said Indenture of Settlement of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven called Charles Howard the elder) died on the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, leaving Issue Charles late Duke of Norfolk (in the said Settlement called Charles Howard the younger) his only Issue, whereupon the said last-mentioned Charles Duke of Norfolk became Tenant for Life in Possession of the said Oastle and Manor of Sheffield, and of the said settled Estates in the Parish of Sheffield, under the Uses thereof limited by the said Indenture of Settlement, and also Visitor of the aforesaid Hospital : And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for 43 G.3. effectuating an Exchange, subject to the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, of certain Estates situate in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, between the Trustees of the Estates of the Hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, long since deceased, situate at Sheffield in the County of York, and George Benson Strutt Esquire; after reciting (amongst other Things) certain Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Ninth and Tenth Days of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Release being made between the said last-named Charles Duke of Norfolk, of the First Part; Robert Athorpe Athorpe Esquire, and John Carver Clerk, of the Second Part; Michael Johnston and Thomas Gregory, of the Third Part; and the Right Honourable Richard Earl of

Effingham,

428

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 28.

Effingham, Henry Howard of Corby Castle in the County of Cumberland, Esquire, the Reverend Wilfred Huddlestone Clerk, Hugh Parker, Vincent Henry Eyre, Richard Swallow, and Thomas Raws on, Esquires, of the Fourth Part; whereby the said Charles Duke of Norfolk appointed the said Earl of Effingham, Henry Howard, Wilfred Huddelston, Hugh Parker, Vincent Henry Eyre, Richard Swallow, and Thomas Raws on, to be added to the said Robert Athorpe Athorpe and John Carver (the then surviving Trustees), to be Trustees of the said Hospital Estates, and by which Indentures the same Estates were conveyed so as to become vested in the said surviving and new Trustees, as Joint Tenants in Fee Simple, upon the Trusts in and by the said Orders, Constitutions, and herein-before recited Acts of Parliament expressed concerning the same, certain Messuages or Tenements, Farms and Lands, situate in the Townships of Stirrup and Harworth, in the Parish of Harworth in the said County of Nottingham, described in the First Schedule to the Act now in recital, and also certain Corn Rents or annual Payments in lieu of Tithes, issuing and payable out of certain Estates in the said Parish of Harworth, also specified in the said First Schedule, were vested in and settled upon the said Earl of Effingham, Robert Athorpe Athorpe, John Carver, Henry Howard, Wilfred Huddleston, Hugh Parker, Vincent Henry Eyre, Richard Swallow, and Thomas Rawson (being the then Trustees of the Estates of the said Hospital), and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, in exchange for the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in Belper Ward in the Parish of Duffield, and in Critch, Headge, and Ashley Hay, all in the said County of Derby, and described in the Second Schedule to the Act now in recital (being Parcel of the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments so belonging to and vested in the said Trustees of the said Hospital as aforesaid), which last-mentioned Hereditaments were by the same Act vested in and settled upon the said George Benson Strutt, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and discharged of and from the Estates, Trusts, Rights, Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, which the Members of the said Hospital, or their respective Successors, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, then were or might have become entitled to in or out of the same if the Act now in recital had not been passed : And whereas the said Henry Howard of Sheffield died on the Eleventh Day of November One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, leaving Issue Male the said Bernard Settlement Edward, now Duke of Norfolk, his eldest Son: And whereas by Indentures ria*e of the ^ease an<^ Appointment and Release, bearing Date respectively the Ear?of Sur- Twenty-fourth and Twenty-sixth Days of December One thousand eight rey, dated hundred and fourteen, the Appointment and Release being of Ten 24th and 26th Parts, and made between the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk, of the ^gC^mber First Part; the said Bernard Edward Howard, now Duke of Norfolk, of the Second Part; Henry Charles Howard, now commonly called Earl of Surrey, of the Third Part; the Most Honourable George Granville Marquis of the County of Stafford, and the Right Honourable Lady Charlotte Leveson Gower (the eldest Daughter of the said Marquis by the Most Honourable Elizabeth Marchioness of Stafford and Countess of Sutherland, his Wife), of the Fourth Part; the Right Honourable William Charles Earl of Albemarle, and Sir Samuel Romil/y Knight, of the Fifth Part; the said Henry Howard of Corby Castle, and Thomas Wybergb of Clifton Hall in the County of Westmoreland, Esquire, of the Sixth Part; the Right Honourable Frederick William Earl of Bristol, and Sir John Throckmorton Baronet, of the Seventh Part; the Right Honourable and Most Reverend

- Father

429

4° GEORGII IV. < Cap. 28.

Father in God Edward Lord Archbishop of York Primate of England, and the Right Honourable John Lord Cawdor Baron of Castlemartin in the County of Pembroke, of the Eighth Part; the Right Honourable William Francis Henry Lord Petre, Baron Peter of Writtle in the County of Essex, and the Right Honourable George Granville Leveson Gower commonly called Earl Gower and Lord Strathnaver, the eldest Son and Heir Apparent of the said Marquis of Stafford, of the Ninth Part; and the Right Honourable George Howard commonly called Lord Viscount Morpeth (the eldest Son and Heir Apparent of the Right Honourable Frederick Howard Earl of Carlisle), and George Petre of Dunkin Hall in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire, of the Tenth Part; (being a Settlement executed previous to the Marriage of the said Henry Charles Earl of Surrey with the said Lady Charlotte Leveson Gower); reciting certain Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Days of November One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the Release being of Six Parts, and made between the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk, of the First Part; the said Bernard Edward Howard, now Duke of Norfolk, of the Second Part; the said Henry Charles Howard, now commonly called Earl of Surrey, of the Third Part; Henry Silverlock Barrister at Law, of the Fourth Part; James Harting Gentleman, of the Fifth Part; and the said Henry Howard of Corby Castle, and Thomas Wybergh, of the Sixth Part; and a Common Recovery suffered in Michaelmas Term in the same Year, in which Common Recovery the said Henry Charles Earl of Surrey was vouched the Reversion or Remainder in Fee Simple expectant, and to take Effect in Possession on the Decease and Failure of Issue Male of the Body of the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk, of and in the said Castle and Manor or Lordship of Sheffield, with the Demesne and other Lands thereto belonging, and of and in all other the Estates in or near Sheffield aforesaid, comprized in the said first-mentioned Indenture of Settlement of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, except such Parts thereof as had been sold or conveyed in exchange under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, was settled, subject to the several Charges thereby created, and to certain Terms of Years for better securing the same, to the Use of the said Bernard Edward Howard Duke of Norfolk and his Assigns for his Life, with divers Remainders over; and in the said Indenture of Settlement there is contained a Power enabling the said William Charles Earl of Albermarle and Sir Samuel Romilly, and the Survivor of them, at the Request and by the Direction of the Person who by virtue of the same Indenture should be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the said Castle and other Hereditaments situate in the County of York, to dispose of and convey in exchange the same Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, in lieu of any other Hereditaments convenient to be held with the Hereditaments comprized in the said Settlement: And whereas the said last-named Charles Duke of Norfolk died on the Sixteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, without Issue: And whereas upon the Death of the said last-named Charles Duke of Norfolk the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk became Tenant for Life in Possession of the said Castle and Manor of Sheffield, and of the said settled Estates in the Parish of Sheffield, under the Uses thereof limited by the said Settlement of the Twenty-sixth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and also Patron and Visitor of the said Hospital: And whereas the said [Private.'] 5 q Sir

430

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 28.

Sir Samuel Romilly died in or about the Month of November One thousand Indentures eight hundred and eighteen: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and of Lease and Re|ease? bearing Date respectively the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Days of dateTthe One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, the Release made

15th and 16th between the said Henry Howard of Corby Castle, Wilfred Huddleston, May 1823. Hugh Parker, Vincent Henry Eyre, Richard Swallow, and Thomas Rawson, of the First Part 5 the said Vincent Henry Eyre, of the Second Part; the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, of the Third Part; Thomas Edwards of the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, Gentleman, of the Fourth Part; and the Right Honourable Henry Thomas Howard Molyneux Howard, commonly called Lord Henry Molyneux Howard, the said Hugh Parker, and Vincent Henry Eyre, of the Fifth Part; after reciting, that by certain Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Seventh and Eighth Days of January One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and made between the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk of the one Part, and the said Earl of Effingham, Henry Howard, Wilfred Huddleston, Hugh Parker, Vincent Henry Eyre, Richard Swallow, and Thomas Rawson, of the other Part, in consideration of Six thousand Pounds paid by the said Earl of Effingham, Henry Howard, Wilfred Huddleston, Hugh Parker, Vincent Henry Eyre, Richard Swallow, and Thomas Rawson, to the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, the Messuages, Tenements, or Dwelling Houses, Mill, Farm, Closes, Pieces or Parcels of Land, Water-works, and Hereditaments in the Township of Brightside, and Parish of Sheffield in the County of York, in the said Indenture of Release of the Sixteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, after mentioned and thereby firstly released, were conveyed and assured by the said Charles Duke of Norfolk unto and to the Use of the said Earl of Effingham, Henry Howard, Wilfred Huddleston, Hugh Parker, Vincent Henry Eyre, Richard Swallow, and Thomas Rawson, their Heirs and Assigns for ever; and reciting, that the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds, so paid for the Purchase of the Hereditaments comprized in the said Indenture of Release of the Eighth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eleven, was Trust Money in the Hands of the said Earl of Effingham, Henry Howard, Wilfred Huddleston, Hugh Parker, Vincent Henry Eyre, Richard Swallow, and Thomas Rawson, as the then Trustees of the Estates and Funds belonging to the said Hospital at Sheffield, and that the same Hereditaments were so purchased with a View to their being, under the Authority of an Act of Parliament proposed to be obtained for that Purpose, annexed to the Estates belonging to the said Hospital, and in the meantime to their being considered as Personal Estate and liable to be re-sold for the Benefit of the said Hospital; and after reciting, that the said Earl of Effingham, Henry Howard, Wilfred Huddleston, Hugh Parker, Richard Swallow, and Thomas Rawson, who, together with the said Vincent Henry Eyre, were then the surviving Trustees of the Estates and Funds belonging to the said Hospital, did, some Time in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, contract and agree with the said Vincent Henry Eyre for the absolute Purchase of the Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession of and in the Messuage or Tenement, Pieces or Parcels of Land, and Hereditaments, at Styrrup in the Parish of Harworth in the said County of Nottingham, therein-after mentioned, and intended to be thereby secondly released, for the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to be taken out of the Funds of the said Hospital, and that such Contract was entered into with a like View of

6 having

431

4° GEORGII IV. 28.

having the said last-mentioned Hereditaments annexed to the Estates belonging to the said Hospital, in case an Act of Parliament could be obtained for that Purpose; and reciting, that the said Purchase Money of One thousand Pounds had been some Time since received by the said Vincent Henry Eyre, by and out of the Funds belonging to the said Hospital, but no Conveyance had been executed by him of the said last-mentioned Hereditaments pursuant to his said Contract; and also reciting the Presentation of the Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill, meaning this present Act, and that it had been agreed that the Hereditaments comprized in the said Indentures of the Seventh and Eighth Days of January One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and the Hereditaments agreed to be purchased of the said Vincent Henry Eyre as aforesaid, should be vested in the said Lord Henry Molyneux Howard, Hugh Parker, and Vincent Henry Eyre, upon the Trusts in the Indenture of Release now in recital after mentioned; it was thereby witnessed, that in pursuance of the said last-mentioned Agreement, and for the nominal Consideration therein mentioned, the said Henry Howard, Wilfred Huddleston, Hugh Parker, Vincent Henry Eyre, Richard Swallow, and Thomas Raw son, did thereby bargain, sell, and release unto the said Thomas Edwards, his Heirs and Assigns, all that Messuage, Tenement, or Dwelling House, and Piece or Parcel of Land, with the Appurtenances, situate, standing, and being at Brightside in the said Parish of Sheffield, demised by the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk to John Hartop, by Indenture dated the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, commencing from the Twenty-fifth Day of March then last past, at the yearly Rent of Four Pounds Four Shillings; also all that Farm at Brightside aforesaid, with the Barns, Stables, Outhouses, Fold, and the several Fields, Closes, Pieces or Parcels of Land thereunto belonging, commonly called or known by the several Names and containing the separate Quantities next herein-after mentioned, (that is to say), the Mitchell Ing, Five Acres and Thirty-four Perches; the Little Leys, Four Acres and Seven Perches; the Leys IVood, Three Roods and Eight Perches; the Great Field Head and the Little Meadow, now or late in one Close, Thirteen Acres Two Roods and Sixteen Perches; the Little Field Head, Four Acres Two Roods and Sixteen Perches; the Great Leys, Four Acres Three Roods and Twenty-eight Perches; the Calf Croft, Six Acres One Rood and Thirty-seven Perches; the Broad Ing, Four Acres Three Roods and Thirty-four Perches; a Little Close separated from the Broad Ing by Blackburn Dyke, One Rood and Twenty-three Perches; the Willow Plantation, One Acre One Rood and Four Perches; the Nether Ox Close and Dam taken therefrom, Nine Acres and Five Perches; the Upper Ox Close, Ten Acres One Rood and Twenty-two Perches; the Lane and Bank, Two Acres One Rood and Thirty-five Perches; the Sandhill Bank and Orchard, Three Acres Two Roods and Twenty-seven Perches; and the Great Field, Ten Acres and Six Perches; all which said Farm and Premises, including the Site of the said Messuage, Tenement, or Dwelling House, contain together Eighty-three Acres One Rood and Thirty Perches (be the same more or less), as the same are nowr or late were in the Tenure or Occupation of and also all that Paper Mill commonly called Brightside Paper Mill situate, standing, and being on the River Dun in Brightside aforesaid; and all that Messuage or Dwelling House near to the said Paper Mill, and the Drying Rooms, Workshops, Stables, Sheds, and Buildings

to

432

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 28.

to the said Mill, Messuage, or Dwelling House belonging and appertaining; and also all that Waterwork heretofore called Parker Wheel* and used as a Grinding Wheel, but now or late converted to the Use of the said Paper Mill; and also all that Field, Close, Piece or Parcel of Land called the Wheel Field, adjoining to the last-mentioned Premises, and also all that Goight thereto adjoining; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land called the Coffal Ing, also adjoining or contiguous to the said Mill and Premises; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land called the Willow Garth, which said Messuage or Dwelling House, Mill and Closes, Pieces or Parcels of Land last mentioned, contain by Survey Eight Acres Two Roods and Seven Perches, or thereabouts, and were by Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, demised by the said Charles, then Duke of Norfolk, to James Creswick of Bright side aforesaid, Paper Maker aforesaid, for the Term of Sixty-three Years from the Twenty-fifth Day of March then last past, at and under the yearly Rent of Ninety Pounds; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, and all that Waterwork formerly used as a Cutler’s Grinding Wheel, and called Blackburn Wheel, but now or late used as a Forge, and called Blackburn Forge, situate on Blackburn Stream or Dike in Brightside Bier low, near Bright side aforesaid, with the Dam, Wear, Shuttles, and Appurtenances thereto belonging; which said Piece or Parcel of Land, Waterwork, and Premises last mentioned, contain One Acre and Twenty-six Perches (be the same more or less), and were by Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the Twenty-first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nine, demised by the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk to Jonathan Marshall of Sheffield aforesaid, Steel Burner, for the Term of Sixty-three Years from the Twenty-ninth Day of September then last past, at and under the yearly Rent of Five Pounds and Five Shillings, with the Appurtenances, to hold the same unto the said Thomas Edwards and his Heirs, to the Use of the said Lord Henry Molyneux Howard, Hugh Parker, and Vincent Henry Eyre, their Heirs and Assigns, upon the Trusts therein-after declared concerning the same; and it was thereby further witnessed, that in pursuance of the said therein-before recited Agreement, and in consideration of One thousand Pounds so received by the said Vincent Henry Eyre from and out of the Funds belonging to the said Hospital as aforesaid, and for the nominal Consideration therein mentioned, the said Vincent Henry Eyre did thereby grant, bargain, sell, alien, release, and confirm unto the said Thomas Edwards, his Heirs and Assigns, all that Messuage, Tenement, or Farm House, together with the Barn, Stables, Cow House, Dove Cote, and Outbuildings thereunto adjoining and belonging, situate, lying, and being in Styrrup aforesaid, then in the Tenure or Occupation of Henry Brown Woodcock, as Tenant thereof, and bounded on the South by the Town Street of Styrrup aforesaid. East by the Road leading to Harworth, North by a small Paddock belonging to the same Premises, and West by a Homestead belonging to the Duchy of Lancaster, and now in the Occupation of John Sidwell; also all that small Piece or Parcel of Land or Paddock adjoining the said Messuage, Tenement, or Farm House, and containing by Estimation One Acre Two Roods and Thirty-four Perches, now in the I enure or Occupation of the said Henry Brown Woodcock, and bounded on the East by the said Road leading to Harworth, North by a Field called Butt Close, belonging to the Hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury at Sheffield, and now in the Occupation of the said Henry

tol id ilnirli mnhoiVr Brown

433

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 28.

Brown Woodcock, and West by a small Paddock belonging to the Duchy of Lancaster aforesaid, and now in the Tenure or Occupation of the said John Sidwell; and also all that Close or Parcel of Land (theretofore lying within or Parcel of a certain Field there called the Butt Field) containing by Estimation Nine Acres Three Roods and Twenty-seven Perches, now in the Tenure or Occupation of the said Henry Brown Woodcock, and bounded on the South by the Road leading to Serlby, East by a Field belonging to Lord Galway, and now in the Occupation of Robert Sidwell, North by a Field belonging to the said Lord Galway, and now in the Occupation of Elizabeth Layland, and West by the aforesaid Road leading to Harworth, with the Appurtenances, to hold the same unto the said Thomas Edwards and his Heirs, to the Use of the said Lord Henry Molyneux Howard, Hugh Parker, and Vincent Henry Eyre, their Heirs and Assigns, upon the Trusts therein-after declared concerning the same; and it was thereby declared and agreed, that the said Lord Henry Molyneux Howard, Hugh Parker, and Vincent Henry Eyre, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, should stand seised of the Hereditaments and Premises therein-before firstly and secondly released, upon the Trusts following, (that is to say), in the meantime, and until the passing of the Act of Parliament therein referred to (meaning this present Act), upon such Trusts, and to and for such Intents and Purposes, as the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, or other the Patron and Visitor for the Time being of the said Hospital, and the Trustees for the Time being of the Estates belonging to the said Hospital, should by any Note or Writing under their respective Hands declare and direct, and in the meantime to be considered as Personal Estate, and liable to be re-sold, and the Produce thereof returned to the Funds of the said Hospital, and from and after the passing of the said Act, upon such Trusts, and to and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes, as were or should be by such Act expressed and declared of and concerning the same: And whereas several Sums of Money arising from the Surplus Revenues of the said Hospital Estates have been from Time to Time laid out and invested in the Names of the Trustees thereof for the Time being, in or upon Parliamentary Stocks, Funds, and Securities, pursuant to the Power contained in the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and there is now standing in the Names of the said Lord Henry Molyneux Howard, Hugh Parker, and Vincent Henry Eyre, Three of the Trustees of the said Hospital Estates, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Capital Sum of Four thousand Pounds Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, applicable to the general Purposes of the said Hospital; and the said Trustees of the said Hospital had, at the Close of the Accounts for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, a Balance in Hand amounting to the Sum of One thousand one hundred and fifty-five Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven-pence, arising from the same Source, and applicable to the same Purposes: And whereas by the Statutes, Constitutions, and Ordinances so made and established as aforesaid by the said Henry Earl of Norwich, afterwards Duke of Norfolk, as set forth in a Schedule to the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, the said Earl did reserve a Power to himself and his Heirs for ever to alter, dispense, or repeal, at his or their Wills and Pleasures, any of those Statutes, Constitutions, and Ordinances, and to add such new ones from Time to Time as he or they should in Wisdom think fit, for the better Government of the said Hospital: Provided always, that neither [Private.] 5 r the

434

4U GEORGII IV. Cap. 28.

the said Earl nor his Heirs should divert or diminish any Part of the Two hundred Pounds clear yearly Revenue appointed for the Maintenance of the said Hospital: And whereas the present Hospital stands in a low Situation, and it has not been deemed advisable to rebuild such of the Houses lately Parts thereof as were so destroyed as aforesaid 5 and it hath long been considered desirable that a new Hospital should be built in a more convenient Situation, and that no more Money should be expended in the Repairs of the present Hospital than was absolutely necessary to preserve the same in a habitable State; and it would require a considerable Sum of Money to rebuild the Houses so destroyed and not rebuilt for the Reasons herein-before mentioned, and to put the Buildings which at present constitute the Hospital into complete Repair, so as to insure that Accommodation and Comfort to the Inmates which it was the Object of the Founder to provide: And whereas, by the Provisions contained in the said Two first herein-before recited Acts, the Governor or Chaplain of the said Hospital is not bound to reside therein, and if he were so bound to reside there is not any Dwelling House attached to the said Hospital, or Apartment therein, suitable to his Residence, nor would the present Stipend allowed him by the said Constitutions and Acts form an adequate Provision for a resident Governor or Chaplain; and it would very much promote the Order and Welfare of the Establishment if the Governor and Chaplain were to be resident at the said Hospital; but in order to insure that desirable Object it is necessary that a suitable Habitation should be provided for him, and that the Patron and Visitor for the Time being of the said Hospital should have Power to direct a further annual Stipend to be paid to the said Governor or Chaplain out of the Revenues of the Hospital Estates: And whereas the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, being desirous to promote the Objects of the Founder, has proposed that a New Hospital, with a Chapel and a distinct House for the Governor or Chaplain, and convenient Outbuildings, Yards, and Gardens thereto respectively, with a Paddock for the Use of the said Governor or Chaplain, should be built and established upon the Pieces of Ground particularly described in the First Schedule annexed to this Act, which Pieces of Ground are eligibly situated in the Park of Sheffield, and are Part of the Estates comprized in the Family Settlements of the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, herein-before referred to, and equal in Value to the Site of the present Hospital and its Appurtenances, and that the present Hospital and the Buildings thereto belonging should be taken down, and the Materials thereof either used in the Erection of the New Hospital or sold, and the Produce thereof applied as Part of the Funds necessary for that Purpose, and that the Site of the present Hospital, with its Appurtenances, should be discharged of the Charitable Trusts affecting the same, and be held so discharged by the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Park of Sheffield under the Indentures sa^d Settlements: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, of Lease and bearing Date respectively the Nineteenth and Twentieth Days of June datedLine ^.ne t^ousanc^ eight hundred and twenty-three, and made between the 20, 1823. sa^ Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk of the one Part, and the said William Charles Earl of Albemarle of the other Part; the Piece or Parcel of Ground forming the Site of the said Hospital, with the Court and Gardens thereunto adjoining and belonging (and which Piece of Ground is described in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed), were conveyed and assured byj the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk unto the said

6 William

435

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 28.

William Charles Earl of Albemarle and his Heirs, to such and the sante Uses, upon and for such and the same Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such and the same Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as were in and by the said herein-before in part recited Indenture of Release and Settlement of the Twenty^sixth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, limited, expressed, and declared of and concerning the Hereditaments next thereinafter described, or such and so many of them as were then subsisting or capable of taking Effect, in exchange for the said last-mentioned Hereditaments; and by the same Indentures a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, situate in the said Park of Sheffield, and therein mentioned to be intended to form the Site of the said intended New Hospital, and a certain other Piece or Parcel of Land therein also described (being the Pieces or Parcels of Land described in the First Schedule to this Act annexed), were conveyed and assured by the said William Charles Earl of Albemarle, in exercise of the Power of Exchange contained in the said last-mentioned Indenture of Release and Settlement, unto and to the Use of the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, in exchange for the Hereditaments so conveyed and assured by the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk in exchange as aforesaid: And whereas a Plan of the said proposed New Hospital, and such other Buildings as aforesaid, and of such Yards, Gardens, and Paddock as aforesaid, hath been prepared by William Hurst of Doncaster in the West Riding of the County of York, Architect, and such Plan hath been signed by him, and also by the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk; and the Expence of building and completing the said intended New Hospital and other Buildings, exclusive of the Costs of Fixtures and of forming the Gardens, Yards, and Paddock thereto respectively, and also the Expence of taking down the Buildings belonging to the present Hospital, has been estimated by the said William Hurst at the Sum of Four thousand four hundred and nineteen Pounds Six Shillings and Sixpence, independently of the Value of the Materials of the present Hospital, which have been valued by the said William Hurst at the Sum of Six hundred and forty-three Pounds Seven Shillings; which Sum of Four thousand four hundred and nineteen Pounds Six Shillings and Sixpence, the Funds of the said Hospital, so in the Names of the said Lord Henry Molyneux Howard, Hugh Parker, and Vincent Henry Eyre as aforesaid, together with the said Balance in Hand, and the Benefaction of the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk herein-after mentioned, will be more than sufficient to discharge : And whereas the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, in pursuance and Testimony of his Desire to promote the charitable Objects of the Founder of the said Hospital, and in order to relieve the Funds of the said Hospital, hath agreed to give and bestow the Sum of One thousand Pounds towards the Discharge of the Expences to be incurred by the Removal of the said Hospital, provided the building such New Hospital, and other Erections as aforesaid, were authorized by Parliament, and Part of the said Funds of the said Hospital were allowed to be applied in discharge of the Residue of such Expences; and the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, in order to guarantee the Payment of the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, hath, by his Bond or Obligation in Writing, bearing Date the Fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, become bound to the said present Trustees of the said Hospital in the penal Sum of Two thousand Pounds, subject to a Condition thereunder written for making void the same, on Payment

by

436

Pieces of Ground described in the First Schedule appropriated for the Purpose of erecting a New Hospital, &c.

When the New Hospital is built, the Site of the present Hospital, &c. shall be~discharged of the charitable Uses, and remain to the

4° GEORGII IV. 28.

by the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to the Trustees of the said Hospital for the Time being of the Sum of One thousand Pounds, at the End of Six Calendar Months next after a certain Bill therein referred to, and meaning this present Act, should pass into a Law: And whereas the Provision contained in the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty, for Appointment of new Trustees of the said Estates belonging to the said Hospital, applies only to the Appointment of Trustees in lieu of those who may die, and in other respects is liable to practical Objections; and the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk is desirous that a more extensive and convenient Provision may be made relative to the Appointment of future Trustees of the said Hospital Estates: And whereas it would be for the Benefit of the said Hospital if the said Estates in the Township of Bright side in the Parish of Sheffield, and in Styrrup in the Parish of Harworth, so purchased out of the Funds belonging to the said Hospital, were annexed to the Estates of the said Hospital; and the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk is therefore desirous that the same should, so soon as may be after the passing of this Act, be conveyed by the said Lord Henry Molyneux Howard, Hugh Parker, and Vincent Henry Eyre, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or his Heirs, so that the same may become legally vested in such Persons as shall for the Time being be the Trustees of the Estates of the said Hospital, upon such Trusts as the Estates with which the said Hospital is at present endowed are or shall for the Time being be subject to, under or by virtue of the Statutes, Ordinances, Deed of Endowment, and Acts of Parliament herein-before recited, or of this Act: And whereas inasmuch as the several Purposes which the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk is desirous of effecting cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, doth humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Pieces or Parcels of Land, particularly mentioned and described in the First Schedule to this Act annexed, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby appropriated as and for the Site of a New Hospital, and a Chapel and Governor’s House, with suitable Outbuildings, and for Yards, Gardens, a Paddock, and other Appendages thereto, according to the Plan herein-before referred to, or as near thereto as may be found convenient, in lieu of and in Exchange for the Piece of Ground and other Hereditaments described in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said intended New Hospital and other Buildings shall have been built and completed, or the said present Hospital and the Buildings thereto belonging shall have been taken down, and the Materials thereof and all other Articles and Things whatsoever belonging thereto, shall have been removed (which ever shall first happen), the Site of the said present Hospital and Buildings, with the Yards and Gardens thereto belonging, and which Premises are particularly described in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, shall thereupon and thenceforth be absolutely discharged

from

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 28. 437

from all and singular the charitable Uses and Trusts to which the same Uses limited have been appropriated, and to which the same are or may be considered to be subject or liable as herein-before is recited, and so discharged shall Dec 1814‘ thenceforth remain and be, to, upon, and for such Uses, trusts, Intents, of the Residue and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, of Sheffield Declarations, and Agreements as in and by the said Indenture of Release Park* of the Twenty-sixth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen herein-before recited were limited, expressed, declared, and contained of or concerning the Residue of the said Park of Sheffield, or such of them as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking effect, in lieu of and in Exchange for the Pieces of Land described in the First Schedule to this Act annexed.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ANewHos-Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, and in case of his Death for the Q^apel^with Patron and Visitor for the Time being of the said Hospital, and he is a House for hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of the Chaplain, this Act, to procure and cause to be erected, built, and completed, to be erected upon the Lands herein-before appropriated for the Purpose, a good and deLcribedTn substantial Hospital for the Residence of the Objects of the said Charity, the First with suitable Offices and Outbuildings, and a Chapel, and also a Mes- Schedule, suage or Mansion House, with suitable Offices and Outbuildings, for the an^fthe Residence and Accommodation of the Governor or Chaplain for the Time Land laid being of the said Hospital, according to the Plan herein-before referred out in form-to, or as near thereto as may be found convenient; and also to fit up ingGardens, and furnish such New Hospital and Chapel, and also to fit up the &c* Governor’s or Chaplain’s House with necessary Fixtures in a suitable Manner, and to inclose, divide, lay our, and dispose of the Residue

of the said Lands in forming Yards and Gardens, and also in forming a Paddock for the Use of the said Governor or Chaplain, according to the Plan herein-before referred to, or as near thereto as may be found convenient.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Hospital, Chapel, Messuage, The New or Mansion, and other Buildings to be built as aforesaid, shall (when and Hospital to as built respectively) be deemed and considered as the Hospital for the be cabed The Purposes of the said Charity, and shall with the Appurtenances thereto Gilber^Earl belonging be enjoyed accordingly, and shall be called The Hospital of of Shrews, Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, and shall be subject to the same Statutes, bury. Constitutions, Ordinances, and Acts of Parliament as the present Hospital

is now subject to, as herein-before is recited or referred to, and shall be considered as endowed with the same Estates wherewith the present Hospital is now endowed, the Rents and Profits of which Estates shall thenceforth be applied for the Support and Maintenance of the said intended New Hospital, in such and the same Manner as they would have been applicable for the Support and Maintenance of the present Hospital if this Act had not been passed.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said The present Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, and in case of his Death for the Hospital to Patron and Visitor for the Time being of the said Hospital, to cause the be taken present Hospital, with the Buildings thereto belonging, to be taken down, fh^Pro^uce and either to direct the Materials thereof to be applied towards the Erec- arting^er*,

[Private.] 5 $ tion

from, and from the Bank Annuities, and the 1000U given by the Duke of Norfolk, to be applied in building the New Hospital,

&c.

Until the New Hospital is finished, poor Persons may be provided with Lodgings, &c. in the Town of Sheffield.

The Chaplain to reside in the House when completed.

4 GEORGII IV. 28.

tion of the New Hospital and other intended Buildings, or to cause the same Materials to be sold for the best Price that can reasonably be obtained, and also to direct the said Capital Sum of Four thousand Pounds Three Pounds per Cent. Consolidated Annuities to be sold, and to apply the Produce to arise by the Sale of the said Stock, and also the Produce to arise by the Sale of the said Materials, or any Part thereof, in case the same shall be sold, and also the Balance now in Hand on account of the Rents and Profits of the Hospital Estates, and the Sum of One thousand Pounds which will become payable upon or by virtue of the said Bond of the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, and the Interest, Dividends, and annual Produce thereof in the meantime, and any further Part of the Revenues of the said Charity, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, or so much thereof respectively as shall be necessary, in the Discharge, in the first Place, of the Costs and Expences preparatory to and attending, or in anywise relating to the obtaining and passing of this Act; and in the next Place, in the Discharge of the Costs and Expences of erecting, building, completing, and fitting up the said New Hospital and other intended new Buildings, and of rendering the same fit for Use and Habitation in manner aforesaid, and of inclosing, dividing, and laying out, in manner aforesaid, such Part of the Piece of Ground hereby appropriated for the Site of the said New Hospital and its Appendages as shall not be occupied by the said intended Buildings.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the present Hospital shall be demolished or taken down as aforesaid, before so much at least of the said New Hospital shall be completed and ready for Occupation as shall be sufficient for the Reception of the poor Men and Women who at the Time of such Demolition shall belong to the Establishment, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, or other the Patron and Visitor for the Time being of the said Hospital, and he is hereby required, at the Expence of the Revenues of the said Charity, in the meantime until the said New Hospital shall be fit for Occupation, to provide proper and suitable Lodgings and Accommodations in or near the said Town of Sheffield for the said poor Men and Women, or such of them as the said new Buildings shall not from Time to Time be capable of accommodating.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Messuage or Mansion intended to be provided for the Governor or Chaplain of the said Hospital shall be rendered fit for Habitation, the Governor or Chaplain for the Time being (other than and except the Reverend Downes the present Governor or Chaplain) shall be bound, and he is hereby required immediately thereupon, to enter into the Occupation of and reside in the same Messuage or Mansion; and that the Governor or Chaplain for the Time being of the said Hospital shall from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, make the same Messuage or Mansion the Place of his Abode; and that if, when the said Messuage or Mansion shall be rendered fit for Habitation as aforesaid, the Governor or Chaplain for the Time being of the said Hospital (other than and except the said present Governor or Chaplain) shall refuse or for the Space of Six Weeks thereafter neglect to enter into and reside in the same Messuage or Mansion, or if such Governor or Chaplain (except as aforesaid), having entered upon and resided in the said Messuage or Mansion, or any future

9 ' Governor

4° GEORGII IV. 28. \ 439

Governor or Chaplain of the said Hospital, shall wilfully absent himself therefrom for any Period exceeding the Space of One Month together, or to be accounted at several Times in any One Year, without the Consent in Writing of the Patron and Visitor for the Time being of the said Hospital, if adult, but if a Minor, then of the Guardian or Guardians of the the said Minor, first had and obtained, then and in any of such Cases the Governorship or Chaplaincy of the said Hospital shall become void, and it shall be lawful for the Patron and Visitor for the Time being of the said Hospital from Time to Time to appoint some other Person to be the Governor or Chaplain thereof.

Salary of the Chaplain.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said intended Provision for New Hospital shall have been built, it shall be lawful for the Trustees for increasing the the Time being of the Estates of the said Hospital, and they are hereby directed, by or out of the Revenues of the said Hospital, to pay or allow to the Governor or Chaplain thereof for the Time being such yearly Sum or Sums, not being more than the clear yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds, nor less than the clear yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds, as the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, or other the Patron and Visitor for the Time being of the said Hospital shall, by any Writing under his Hand, from Time to Time direct, and in case no such Direction shall be made, then the clear yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds as and for the Stipend of such Governor or Chaplain, by Four even Quarterly Payments on the usual Days for Payment of Rent in the Year, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Payments and Allowances to which the present Governor or Chaplain is now entitled in respect of those Offices as hereinbefore is recited; and that in the Event of the Death or Resignation or Deprivation of any Governor or Chaplain of the said Hospital on any other Day than one of the Days whereon the Stipend hereby provided shall be payable, the then incurring Quarterly Payment of the same Stipend shall be apportioned between him or his Executors or Administrators, and his immediate Successor.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Pieces Eviction of Land and Hereditaments hereby respectively limited and settled in Ex- Clause-change as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall at any Time hereafter be lawfully evicted or taken away out of the Possession of any Person or Persons in or upon whom, or to whose Use, the same Hereditaments and Premises are hereby respectively limited and settled in Exchange as aforesaid, by any Right or Title precedent to the passing of this Act, so that the aforesaid Exchange cannot continue, then and from thenceforth the Exchange hereby made or confirmed shall be void and of no Effect, and then and in such Case and thenceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Persons and Person out of whose Possession the Hereditaments and Premises respectively hereby limited and settled in Exchange as aforesaid shall be lawfully evicted or taken away, and their Successors, Heirs, and Assigns, from and immediately after such Ejection, Eviction, or taking away of the Possession of the said Premises as aforesaid, to enter into and upon the Piece or Parcel of Land hereby settled in Exchange for the Piece of Land from which they or he shall be so ejected or evicted, and to hold and enjoy the same in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to ail Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act

had

440

The Purchases from Charles Duke of Norfolk and Mr. Eyre confirmed, and those Estates directed to be conveyed to the Trustees of the Hospital Estates.

Power to appoint new Trustees.

4° GEORGII IV. 28.

had not been passed; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Purchases made as herein-before is recited, of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments comprized in the said Indentures of Lease and Release or the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Days of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and thereby conveyed and assured to the Use of the said Lord Henry Molyneux Howard, Hugh Parker, and Vincent Henry Eyre, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, or intended so to be as herein-before is recited, shall be and the same are hereby confirmed; and that they the said Lord Henry Molyneux Howard, Hugh Parker, and Vincent Henry Eyre, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, shall henceforth stand seized of the same Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Trust, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, at the Costs of the said Hospital Estates, to convey and assure the same Hereditaments, notwithstanding the Statutes of Mortmain, so and in such Manner that the same Hereditaments may become legally vested in the Trustees for the Time being of the said Hospital Estates as Joint Tenants in Fee-Simple, as Part and Parcel of the Estates of the said Hospital, and upon and for the same Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the same Powers, and subject to the same or a like Right or Possibility of Reverter to the Heirs of the said Henry Duke of Norfolk, or such other Person or Persons, as by virtue of the said Orders, Constitutions, and Acts of Parliament herein-before recited or referred to, or otherwise as herein-before is recited, and also by virtue of this Act, the Estates with which the said Hospital is at present endowed shall be then held upon and subject or liable to.

XI. And be it further enacted, That not only in the Event of the Death of any of the present Trustees, and of any future Trustee of the Estates of the said Hospital, but also in the Event of any of the said present Trustees and of any future Trustee of the said Estates being desirous of being discharged from, or declining or becoming incapable to act in the Trusts of the said Charity, or going to reside out of Great Britain, then and so often as the same shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk during his Life, and after his Decease, then to and for the Patron and Visitor for the Time being of the said Hospital, if adult, but if not, then to and for the Guardian or Guardians of such Infant Patron and Visitor during his Minority; and in case the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, or other the Patron and Visitor for the Time being of the said Hospital, or his Guardian or Guardians, shall, from and after the Number of such Trustees shall by any of the Means aforesaid be reduced to Four, neglect for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Number of the Trustees shall be reduced to Four, to nominate a new Trustee or new Trustees, pursuant to this present Power, then to and for the surviving or continuing or other Trustee or Trustees of the Estates of the said Hospital, by any Deed or Instrument in Writing, to be sealed and delivered by him or them, to nominate and appoint any other Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Place or Stead of the Trustee or Trustees so dying, desiring to be discharged, or declining or becoming incapable to act, or going to reside out

of

4° GEORGII IV 28. 441

of Great Britain as aforesaid; and that when and so often as any Trustee or Trustees shall have been nominated in manner aforesaid, all and singular the Real Estates, and all Securities, Stocks, or Funds, which shall for the Time being belong to, or be held in Trust for the said Hospital, shall be conveyed, assigned, and transferred in such Manner and so that the same may be legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing Trustees, and such new Trustee or Trustees upon such Trusts for the Benefit of the said Hospital as shall be subsisting therein respectively, or shall be capable of taking Effect; and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall to all Intents, Effects, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, have, use, and exercise all such or the like Powers and Authorities, and be entitled to such or the like Privileges and Exemptions, as were previously vested in the Trustee or Trustees in whose Place or Stead he or they shall be substituted.

XII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all other Persons and Bodies Politic and Corpo- Saving, rate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Estate and Estates, Right, Title, Interest, Powers, Claims,

and Demands whatsoever, (other than and except the said Bernard Edward Duke of Norfolk, and other the Person or Persons claiming or to claim under or by virtue of the said Indenture of Appointment and Release of the Twenty-sixth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or any of the Deeds therein referred to, and other than and except the Person or Persons claiming or to claim under or by virtue of the several other Indentures, and the Statutes, Ordinances, and Acts of Parliament herein-before recited or mentioned), as they or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shali be printed by the Evidence several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty duly authorized Clause, to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and others.

* • . jr.-'jqqs

JMV VJ IV ’* *• UAk • • <- 1C Skill

* t u

f Private.]

FIRST

442

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 28

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Quantity. Annual Value, to be let on Building Leases for 99 Years.

A Piece or Parcel of Land in Sheffield Park, forming the Site"\ of the intended New Hospital, including the Chapel, Go- I vernor’s House, Court, and Gardens thereto, containing, | by Admeasurement, -J A. R. P. 4 0 12 S. d.

A Piece or Parcel of Land adjoining to the last described Piece of Land on the South-east, forming a Close or Pad- I dock, and to be held and used as such by the Governor > of the said Hospital for the Time being, containing, by 1 Admeasurement, - -J 2 2 38

6 3 10 \ 37 0 0

Value in Fee, 25 Years Purchase upon 1 ^5 the Annual Value, - - / ’

Wm. Hurst, Architect and Surveyor-

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Quantity. Annual Value, to be let on Building Leases for 99 Years.

A Piece or Parcel of Ground fronting to the Street or Road^v in Sheffield Park, called Broad Street, forming the Site I of the present Hospital, and the Court and Gardens C thereto, and containing, by Admeasurement, - -J A. R. P. 1 2 32 £ s. d. 137 0 0

Value in Fee, 25 Years Purchase upon 1 «« 49f-the Annual Value, - - J ’ |

Wm. Hurst, Architect and Surveyor.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

ANNO QUARTO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 29.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Edward Mynors Esquire, situate in the Counties of Stafford and , in Trustees,

upon Trust to sell the same; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[10th July 1823.]

WHEREAS Edward Mynors, late of Eccleshall in the County of Will of Ed-Stafford, Esquire, did, in such Manner as the Law requires for wardMynor»3 the Validity of Devises of Freehold Estates, duly sign and ^Q^pn publish his last Will and Testament, in Writing, bearing Date the Second Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, whereby he gave and bequeathed unto Eleanor Mynors of Eccleshall aforesaid, Spinster, the Daughter of the Testator’s late Uncle Robert Mynors, deceased, and her Assigns, during her Life, One Annuity or clear Yearly Rent Charge of Ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be issuing and payable out of and from all his the said Testator’s Freehold Estate, situate in the Parish of Eccleshall aforesaid, and to be paid as therein directed; and the said Testator thereby gave, devised, and bequeathed unto his Brother Robert Mynors of Birmingham in the County of Warwick, Esquire, George Steedman of Stokehall in the County of Stafford, Esquire, John Steedman of Toft in the Parish of Trentham in the said County of Stafford, Gentleman, and Thomas Hassall of Hartshorne in the County of Derby,

[Private.'] 5^ Gentleman

450

4° GEORGII IV. 29.

Gentleman, all and singular his Real and Personal Estates whatsoever and wheresoever, upon Trust, as to, for, and concerning all and singular his the said Testator’s Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever and wheresoever being, with their and every of their Appurtenances; it was his the said Testator’s Will and Meaning, that his said Trustees, the said Robert Mynors, George Steedman, John Steedman, and Thomas Hassall, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, should stand seised and be possessed thereof to, for, and upon the several Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes following; (that is to say), to the Use of his Daughter Elizabeth Mynors Spinster, now Elizabeth Bright, the Wife of John Bright of Manchester Square in the County of Middlesex, Doctor of Physic, and her Assigns, during the Term of her natural Life; and from and after her Decease, then to the Use of all and every the Child and Children of the Body of his said Daughter Elizabeth Bright lawfully to be begotten, and to the Heirs of the Body and Bodies of all and every such Child and Children respectively lawfully issuing, if more than One, Share and Share alike as Tenants in Common, and if but One, then to such only Child; but in case his said Daughter should depart this Life leaving no Issue of her Body lawfully begotten, then the said Testator’s Mind and Will was, that his said Trustees, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, should stand seised of all and singular his aforesaid Real Estates, in Trust to and for the Use of his Brother the said Robert Mynors, (since deceased) his Heirs and Assigns for ever : And whereas the said Testator departed this Life in or about the Month of August One thousand eight hundred and two, Jwithout altering or revoking his said Will; and the same was duly proved in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury, on the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, by the Executors therein named : And whereas the said Eleanor Mynors departed this Life in or about the Month of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen : And whereas the said Elizabeth Mynors, on the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, intermarried with the said John Bright, and there is Issue of their Marriage John Edward Bright, Elizabeth Bright, Henrietta Cordelia Bright, Louisa Bright, Mary Bright, Will of and Mynors Bright, and no other Child : And whereas the said Robert

Robert Mynors did, in such Manner as the Law requires for the Validity of

August 1805^ ^evises Freehold Estates, duly sign and publish his last Will and Testament, in Writing, bearing Date the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, whereby he gave and devised his Freehold Manors, Hereditaments, and Premises, situate in Kings Norton and Alve-church, in the County of Worcester, and Birmingham and Aston juxta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and all other his Freehold and Copyhold Estates whatsoever and wheresoever, unto his eldest Son Robert Edward Eden Mynors, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, with a Devise over in case of the Death of the said Robert Edward Eden Mynors under the Age of Twenty-one Years without leaving lawful Issue of his Body : And whereas the said Robert Mynors departed this Life in or about the Month of October One thousand eight hundred and six, leaving the said Robert Edward Eden Mynors, his eldest Son and Heir at Law, him surviving: And whereas the said Robert Edward Eden Mynors hath long since attained his Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas Part of the Estates devised by the Will of the said Testator Edward Mynors, situate in Congerston otherwise Congeston, Shackerston otherwise Shaxton, Nailstone otherwise Nelston, and Market Bosworth, in the County of Leicester, and in Ecclcshall, High

4 rOfflcy,

451

4° GEORGII IV. 29.

Offley, and Bradley, in the County of Stafford, lie at a Distance and are detached from the Bulk of the said devised Estates situate in the County of Derby: And whereas it would be greatly for the Benefit of the said John Bright and Elizabeth his Wife, and all other Persons beneficially interested under the Will of the said Edward Mynors therein, that the said detached Part of the said Estates should be sold, and that the Money to arise by such Sale should be applied, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Estates contiguous to the other and greater Part of the Estates given and devised by the Will of the said Testator Edward Mynors, to be settled to the Uses to which the Estates devised by the Will of the said Edward Mynors stand limited by virtue of the said Will; but by reason of the Limitations contained in the said Will of the said Edward Mynors, the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Johi Bright and Elizabeth his Wife, on behalf of themselves and their said Six Infant Children, and the said Robert Edward Eden Mynors, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Estates and singular the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and other Here- vested in ditaments described and specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, being gestees °r Part of the Estates given and devised by the Will of the said Edward Mynors, together with all and singular Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Stables,

Erections, Buildings, Ways, Paths, Passages, Waters, Watercourses, Timber, and other Trees and Underwood, and the Ground and Soil thereof,

Commons of Pasture and other Commonable Rights, Mines, Minerals,

Fences, Easements, Profits, Hereditaments, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and other Hereditaments respectively, or to any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, now or heretofore belonging or appertaining, or therewith held and enjoyed, or accepted and taken as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits of the same Hereditaments, shall immediately from and after the passing of this Act be vested in, and the same are hereby from 'henceforth vested in Charles Hamilton of Sudbury Grove near Harrow in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and Brailsford Bright of Bishopsgate Street in the City of London, Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and absolutely discharged and exonerated of and from the Uses, Trusts, Estates, Entails, Limitations, Conditions,

Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations in and by the said in part recited Wills of the said Edward Mynors and Robert Mynors declared, expressed, contained, or created of and concerning the same Premises, but nevertheless upon the Trusts and for the Intents and Purposes following; (that is to say) Upon Trust that they the said Charles Hamilton and Brailsford Bright, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, do and shall, with the Approbation of the said John Bright, during the Life of the said Elizabeth Bright, and of the said Elizabeth Bright during her Life, in the Event of her surviving the said John Bright, to be testified by Writing under his or her Hand and Seal, and after her Decease with the Approbation of the Person or Persons who for the Time being would have been entitled, under the Wills of the said Edward Mynors and Robert Mynors, to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premises hereby vested in the said Charles Hamilton and Brailsford Bright, their Heirs and Assigns,

452 4" GEORGII IV. Cap. 2^.

in Trust for Sale, as herein-before mentioned, in case this Act had not been made, to be testified by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, or if such Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, then with the Approbation of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, to be testified in Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, sell and absolutely dispose of all or any of the said hereby vested Hereditaments and Premises, either altogether or in Parcels, by public Auction or private Contract, unto any Person or Persons, at the best Price or Prices in Money that can be reasonably obtained for the same; and upon Payment into the Bank of England, in manner herein-after mentioned, of the Purchase Money for the said Hereditaments and Premises so hereby made saleable, or directed to be sold, or any Part thereof which shall be so sold, do and shall convey, surrender, and assure the same Hereditaments and Premises unto and to the Use ;of the Purchaser and Purchasers of such Hereditaments, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, according to the Nature and Quality thereof, or as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint.

Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise from any Sale or Sales made in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Sale or Sales shall be made, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, <c ex parte the Purchaser or Purchasers of Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Edward Mynors, deceased," pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of the said Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, together with the Receipt or Receipts of One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the Register’s Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Tithes, Hereditaments, and Premises hereby directed to be sold, of his, her, or their Purchase Monies respectively, or of any Part thereof, shall from Time to Time and at all Times be and be deemed to be a good and effectual Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and to his, her, or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the same, or so much thereof for which such Certificate or Certificates and Receipt or Receipts shall be respectively given; and that such Purchaser or Purchasers shall not be obliged to see to the Application of such Monies, nor be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application thereof.

Application

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Money which shall be so lheAT>l‘r" , *Pt0 ^nk as aforesaid, shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to ase oney. the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way by the said John Bright, during the Life of the said Elizabeth Bright, and by the said Elizabeth Bright during her Life, in the Event of her surviving the said John Bright, and after her Decease by the Person or Persons who for the Time being would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and

Premises

Certificate of the Accountant General, and Receipt of a Cashier of the Bank, to be a Discharge to the Purchaser.

453

4° GEORGII IV. 29.

Premises to be purchased by virtue of this Act, if the same were purchased and settled as herein-after is mentioned, or by the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons, on his, her, or their Behalf, in case of Minority, be laid out and invested, by or under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, in pursuance of an Order or Orders to be made upon such Petition, in the Purchase or Purchases of the Fee-Simple of any Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereof not more than One-sixth Part shall be Copyhold, which shall be contiguous to or convenient to be holden or enjoyed with the Bulk of the Estates devised by the Will of the said Edward Mynors as afores?»d; all which Hereditaments so to be purchased shall be conveyed, settled, and assured to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and subject to the Charges, Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations, to, upon, and subject to which the said Messuages,

Tenements, Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments hereby vested in the said Charles Hamilton and Brailsford Bright, their Heirs and Assigns, for Sale as aforesaid, would, if this Act had not been passed, have stood limited by virtue of the said in part recited Wills of the said Edward Mynors and Robert Mynors respectively, or such of them ?s may be then subsisting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall be Monies paid paid into the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General in Manner into the herein-before directed, or so much thereof as shall not be ordered by the to be said Court of Chancery to be applied in the Payment of Costs and QiSersoftlie Expences according to the Directions herein-after contained, shall in the Court of meantime and until the same Monies shall be invested in the Purchase of Chancery. Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, be from Time to Time laid out, under the Directions of the said Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Navy, or Victualling, or Exchequer Bills; and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in Navy, or Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the same, should they or any of them be paid off by Government, shall in like Manner be laid out in the Purchase of other Navy, or Victualling, or Exchequer Bills; provided that it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to make such General Order or Orders, or Special Order or Orders, if necessary, as to the said Court shall seem meet, that whenever the Exchequer Bills, of the Date of those in the Hands of the said Accountant General, shall be in the Course of Payment by Government, and new Exchequer Bills shall be issued, such new Exchequer Bills may be received in Exchange for those which are so in the Course of Payment, and in that Case the Interest of the old Bills shall be laid out as before directed with respect to the Interest where the Bills are paid off; and all the said Navy, Victualling, and Exchequer Bills, whether purchased or received in Exchange, shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until the same shall, upon Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery by the said John Bright, during the Life of the said Elizabeth Bright, and by the said Elizabeth Bright during her Life, in the Event of her surviving the said John Bright, or by the Person or Persons who for the Time being would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid, in case the same were purchased and settled in pursuance of this Act, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians on his, her, or their Behalf, in case of Minority, be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold by the Accountant General for completing such [Private,] 5 y Purchase

454 4° GEORGII IV. 29.

Purchase or Purchases, in such Manner as the said Court shall think just and direct; and if the Money arising by the Sale of such Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then, and in such Case only, the Surplus which shall remain, after discharging the Expence of the Application to the said Court, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively, as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments directed to be purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representatives of such Person or Persons.

For taxing

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be

the Costs. lawful for the said Court of Chancery (if that Court shall so think fit) to make any Order or Orders for taxing or settling all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which have been or shall be incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, and of making the several Applications to the said Court in pursuance thereof, and in making and completing the Sale and Sales of the Tithes, Hereditaments, and Premises hereby made saleable or directed to be sold, and in investing all or any of the Monies, which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise in carrying the Trusts and Purposes of this Act into Execution, and also to make such Order or Orders as the said Court shall think fit, for the Payment of such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, out of the Monies which shall arise from any Sale or Sales of any Lands or Hereditaments under this Act, and shall be so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Monies arising by Sale of the Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills to be purchased as aforesaid.

Until Sale.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the meantime and until such Rents to be Sales shall be made as aforesaid of the Tithes, Hereditaments, and Premises th^Fersons hereby authorized to be sold, they the said Charles Hamilton and Brailsford entitled Bright, and their Heirs, shall permit and suffer the Rents and Profits of

thereto. the same Tithes, Hereditaments, and Premises, or so much thereof as

shall remain unsold, to be received and taken or enjoyed by such Person or Persons as would respectively have been entitled to have had, received, and enjoyed the same in case this Act had not been passed.

’ 1 - j C* \ *1 fr 'm.

For Appoint-

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said inent of New Charles Hamilton and Brailsford Bright, or either of them, or any Trustees Trustees. or Trustee to be appointed in their or either of their Stead, as herein-after is mentioned, or their or any or either of their Heirs or Assigns, shall die, or desire to be discharged from, or shall refuse or decline, or become incapable to act in the Trusts hereby created, before the same shall be performed, then and in such Case, and so often as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, upon the Petition of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the Tithes, Hereditaments, and Premises vested by this Act in the said Trustees for Sale, or any Part thereof, or who would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, if the same were purchased and settled as aforesaid, or of the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons, on his, her, or their Behalf, in case of Minority, from Time to Time to appoint any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the

7 ... Stead

4° GEORGII IV. 455

Stead or Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying, or desiring to be discharged, or refusing or declining or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and when and so often'as any Trustee or Trustees shall have been appointed in Manner aforesaid, all the Trust Estates and Premises which shall then be vested in the Trustee or Trustees so dying, or desiring to be discharged, or refusing or declining or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, either solely or jointly with the other Trustee or Trustees of the same Trust Estates and Premises respectively, shall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed, settled, and assured in such Manner, and so that the same Estates shall immediately thereupon be and become legally and effectually vested in the surviving and continuing Trustee or Trustees of the same Trust Estates and Premises respectively, and such new or other Trustee or Trustees, or in such new Trustees only, where there shall be no such continuing Trustee, upon and for the same Trust, Intents, and Purposes as herein-before expressed or contained or declared of and concerning the same Trust Estates, or such and so many as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking effect; and such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may in all Things act in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the Trusts hereby created, as fully and effectually, and with all the same Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had been originally by this Act appointed a Trustee or Trustees for the Purposes thereof.

IX. Savingalways to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Sue- General cessors, and to all and every Persons and Person, Bodies Politic and Corpo- Sav,nS* rate, his, her,and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said John Bright and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Child and Children now born or hereafter to be born to

her the said Elizabeth Bright, and the Issue of their respective Bodies, and the said Robert Edward Eden Mynors, and his Heirs, and all and every other Person and Persons having or claiming, or who may have or claim any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, or Interest, in, to, or out of the said Tithes, Hereditaments, and Premises by this Act vested as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, under or by virtue of the said recited Will of the said Edward Mynors), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said Hereditaments and Premises hereby vested as aforesaid, and every ot any Part thereof, as they, every or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed in case this Act had not been passed.

' I- ---- -; Vit-aarfc: I

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Evidence several Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to clause. print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof so printed

by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges,

Justices, and others. ‘ 1 :

■ v* 1 . i -i

H , vf I, '; hWm Ifeife

The

456

4° GEORGII IV. C«j».29.

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

Parishes. Tenants Names- DESCRIPTION OF PREMISES. Quantity. Rent.

IN THE COUNTY OF LEICESTER A. R. P. £ s. d.

Congerston Thomas Seal Messuage or Farm House , Outbuildings, Yards,

otherwise Garden, and Croft - • - 1 — 26

Congeston, Croft adjoining Street - - — 1 34

Shackerston Several Pieces of Land in the Open Fields and

otherwise Meadows _ _ 22 2 15

Shaxton, Proportion of Open Pasture, appertaining to the fore-

Naiistone going Estate, and now enjoyed therewith - 3 — 34

otherwise

Nelston, 27 1 29 30

and Market

Bosworth. IN THE COUNTY OF STAFFORD.

A. R. P.

Eccleshall - Samuel Yates Homestead m — - 3 15

Lower Croft _ m 1 1 14

Upper Ditto mm 1 2 6

Walker’s Land - 9 2 22

Big Pale Gate _ 9 1 35

Little Ditto - 4 — 27

High Field - - 10 3 22

Gorsty Leasow - 7 — 28

Big Water Lay Ditto - 6 1 7

Other Big Water Lay - 5 2 11

Wood Meadow - 4 2 33

Little Water Lay Meadow - 4 2 20

i 66 1 — . 130

George Hadderton Rushy Piece A. R. P. 4 — 27

Town Meadow • 5 3 16

.. Spaully Flatt . 8 3 32

Groom’s Croft - 5

Miss Stedman - House and Garden 23 3 35 33 - - 50

John Tagg Orchard . — 1 12 "

Copyhold Piece . 5 1 34

Six Butts m 3 1 31

The Oaks 1 3 24

Gabriel Flatt 6 1 28

Hunger Hill - — 3 4

John Inkskipp - Meadow 18 1 1 13 1 12 - 52

William Wiggin Homestead m — 3 18 5 -

Near Leasow 3 — 37

Clover Leasow 4 3 23

Ditto - 1 2 —

Ditto and Lane 1 3 20

Meadow 3 2 28

Middle Leasow 1 3 10

Coppice _ 4 3 33

Coppice Leasow - 3 3 5

Ditto • 4 1 18

Ditto • 1 3 21

Ditto - 1 3 24

34 2 37 40

144 3 10

Carried forward - 172 — 39 316

4° GEORGII IV. Cap. 29. 457

V.

Parishes. i ' Tenants Names. DESCRIPTION OF PREMISES. Quantity. Rent.

A. R. P- £> S. d.

Brought forward - 172 — 39 316

A. R. P. A. R. P.

High Offley Charles Gilbert - Homestead - 1 2 34

Pegg’s Meadow - 2 1 —

Wickstead’s - 11 — 17

Little Broad Meadow - 3 3 30

Rushy Leasow - 13 2 28

New Leasow 8 1 30

Barn Field . 7 1 3

Near Creswell Leasow . 12 3 24

1 Far Ditto - 4 3 33

Meadow Bank - 4 2 10

Broad Meadow - 11 2 37

Land formerly Hincks - 7 — 28

Oldershaws - 6 1 20

Shebdon Field - 6 3 16

The Doles, One Half - 1 — 10

10 1 1 90

William James - Homestead 3 2 30 1 La ' "

Pingle - — 3 10

King’s Field - 11 2 38

Brook Field _ 7 2 28

New Field - 13 2 20

Mill Field - 14 — 34

Weir Meadow - _ I — 17

Slang Meadow - 1 2 11 '

Slang - 1 2 20

Clay Lands - 4 2 26

Upper Pegs’ - 10 2 18 /

Three Leasows - 21 1 24

Brook Croft - 4 2 30

Little Pegs - 3 1 18

Lower Pegs - 5 3 16

Hemp Butt - — 2 2 ’

Common Allotment - 13 -

Croft’s late Hinck’s - —— 1 2

120 1 24

224 1 24 195 !

o 396 2 23 £631

Hz

THE

458

4" GEORGII IV. Cap. 29

THE Rectorial and Vicarial Tithes arising and issuing from and out of the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments herein-after described, situate and being in the Parish of Bradley, in the County of Stafford:

TENANTS NAMES. DESCRIPTION OF PREMISES. QUANTITY.

A. R. p. A. R. p.

George Abbott Dole in Allports Meadow - — 3 13

Turning Pit - 7 2 20

Three Doles in Hurst Meadow — 2 39

Near Down Hedge - 2 3 23

Far Down Hedge - 2 2 30

Middle Down Hedge - 3 — 3

Little Withings - — 3 9

Far Withings - 6 I 2

Near Withings - 3 2 22

Lower Yard or Webb Croft - 1 2 32

House, Buildings, Yard, and Garden — 2 36

Two Pieces . 9 1 23

Twenty Lands - 1 2 34

Ashes Leasow - 6 1 4

48 1 10

Edward Allsopp In Helch Meadow - - 4 2 28

Reverend Thomas Brown Two Houses, Buildings, and Garden — 2 8

Croft - — 2 38

Far Stable Leasow - 3 2 1

Near Stable Leasow - 2 — 32

6 3 39

Edward Bate House, Buildings, Garden, &c. - 1 25

House Croft - - 2 13

Near Croft m 1 1 14

Far Croft - I 3 7

4 — 19

William Banks House and Garden _ _ 27

Near Stubble Hill 2 1 33

Far - ditto 3 - 12

Big Hare Furlong - 5 1 17

11 — 9

Miss Blurton Lower Leasow 7 1 8

Middle Leasow 5 3 20

Upper Leasow • 4 3 12

Part of a Croft - 1 2 29

Samuel Bagnall Allports Meadow _ 1 3 37 19 2 29

Lower Leasow 5 3 36

Alms House Croft 3 1

Meadow 1 2 15

The Nook 1 . 6

Pool’s Croft 1 20

House and Garden 25

Small Piece, Back of House 1 3

Two Pieces in one _ 3 3 37

Dole in Helch Meadow 1 11

Dole in Stocking Meadow - 1 1 10

Blurton • m , - - 19 1 — 3 1

1 Carried forwarc [ - - 114 3 15

4° GEORGII IV. 29

59

TENANTS NAMES.

William Fletcher

John Fowler Thomas Hill John Heath

Charles Hart Benjamin Lees

Joseph Lees

John Lees William Norton

Edward Reynolds

DESCRIPTION OF PREMISES.

Brought forward Near Barn Leasow Far - ditto High Leasow Little Meadow

House and Garden

House, Buildings, Garden, &c.

Croft -

Far Ashmore Leasow

Middle - ditto

Near - ditto

The Dole Meadow The Dole

Parson’s Hurst The Hurst Meadow The Hurst

Near Anson Furlong Far - ditto

House, Buildings, Yards, Garden J

and Rick Yard Upper Croft Far Meadow Big Meadow Lower Cowfield Upper Cowfield Bramble Leasow Horse Pasture Reeve Meadow Long Cowfield Barn Close Near Moor Wild’s Close Lower Moor Spring Wood White Meadow Little Dunston's Hurst Big Dunston’s Hurst Birch

Far Wood Field Near Wood Field Little Wood Big Wood Barn Field Bush Long Ridge Ditto Cockle Dovebank Pit Long Ridge

Carried forward

A. R. p.

8 — 37

7 — 33

13 1 24

2 3 12

— 3 15

— 3 25

3 2 27

3 1 18

3 2 9

1 3 3

11 3 37

4 1 23

1 — 35

3 3 2

1 — 32

— 2 23

1 — 34

6 3 1

10 — 34

4 ] 36

1 3 24

6 1 8

8 3 2

10 — 10

8 3 15

10 — 38

10 — 18

5 3 35

15 2 13

7 1 19

5 2 20

10 2 31

6 — 8

9 — 1

3 2 9

7 — 3

8 — 29

10 — 38

12 — 9

12 — 32

12 1 26

14 3 2

12 — 30

12 2 12

8 3 24

8 — 22

3 3 6

13 2 15

QUAI'y.

a. I, 114 15

31 2G

----20

12 14

13 . —

9 . 20

3 - 9

1 3 35

260 2

463

4° GEORGII IV. 29.

tnts NAMES.

,"l .m .ft

William Baylor

1 I*

Walter Walker

• i i

DESCRIPTION OF PREMISES.

t.; ' j.: Brought forward

House, Buildings, and Garden Croft; -

■ -

House,- Buildings, Yards, Garden, 4 and Rick Yard - -/

House Croft -

Barn Field -

Big Wood -

Little Jenning’s Leasow Jenning’s Leasow Upper Stafford Hill Lower Stafford Hill «• -

Windmill Field -Near Hill -

Far Hill Orchard

Furlong Lower Moor Moor Meadow Upper Moor Moat Meadow Publick Road Ditto Long Ridge Meadow The Big Long Ridge

In Stocking Meadow In Ditto

Helch Moor Meadow - Ditto - Ditto-

The Dole Meadow

.7 *;

quantity.

A. R. p. A. R. P.

- m 463 — 34

— 1 - — •r • 1 i. . i.7

i i 12 1 1 12

4 — 34 *%

1 3 20 r r i t . f! i

13 — 18

22 — 34 > • : ..

6—21

8 2

8 —

11 2

10 2

19

31

24

16

13

13

3 6 2 13

10 2 17 3 9 — 9 1 11 3 6 3 — 2 2

2

4

24

21 12 7 12 16 22 14 10

— 13

— 25

1 — 9

1 1 10 - 1 11

- 2 30

- 2 10

Acres

210 3 28

3 3 30

4 2 10

683 3 34

As to the Admeasurement of the Premises in Congerston otherwise Congeston, and other Places in the County of Leicester,

' Sam1. Sk. Harris.

As to the rest of the Schedule,

Richd. Fowler.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1823.

