A

COLLECTION

OF THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

PASSED IN THE

Twelfth and Thirteenth Year

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA:

Being the SECOND SESSION of the FIFTEENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty.

1849.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. An Act to enable the Blackburn Waterworks Company to raise a farther Sum of Money; and to amend the Act relating thereto. 3

ii. An Act for enabling the Sunderland Water Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for amending and enlarging the Provisions of the Act relating to such Company. 9

iii. An Act for supplying the District of Brierley Hill in the Parish of Kingswinford in the County of Stafford with Gas. 17

iv. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Berwick. 21

v. An Act to authorize the Warrington Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money. 33

vi. An Act for better establishing and maintaining the Market Place and Markets at Longton, heretofore called Lane End, in the Parish of Stoke-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford. 37

vii. An Act for improving the Drainage of Feltwell Second District in the County of Norfolk, and for amending the Acts relating to the same. 49

viii. An Act for lighting with Gas and supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Darlington and the Suburbs thereof in the County of Durham. 61

ix. An Act for enabling the Nottingham Gaslight and Coke Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for amending some of the Provisions of the Act relating to such Company. 73

x. An Act for more effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Rate and all other Rates and Assessments in the Parish of Epsom in the County of Surrey, and for the better Management of the Business and Affairs of the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 81

xi. An Act for making and maintaining Docks near to Wareham in the County of Dorset, with an Entrance thereto from Wareham Channel. 89

xii. An Act for better assessing the Poor Rates on small Tenements in certain Parishes and Places within the Union of Kidderminster. 113

xiii. An Act for the Dissolution of the Argyll Canal Company, and for the Abandonment of their Undertaking. 121

xiv. An Act to amend an Act for the better regulating and improving the Port and Harbour of New Ross in the Counties of Wexford and Kilkenny.

xv. An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money. 133

xvi. An Act for the Management and Disposal of the Freemen’s Pastures in the Parish of Great Grimsby in the Parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln; and for other Purposes. 141

xvii. An Act for better supplying the Town, Port, and Harbour of Whitehaven and other Places with Water. 165

xviii. An Act for altering the Mode of assessing the Drainage Rates authorized by the Act for draining and improving Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen in the Country of Marshland in the County of Norfolk, and to provide for the Repair of Roads within the Limits of the said Act. 177

xix. An Act for enabling the North-western Railway Company to make an Extension of the Lancaster Branch of their Railway, and a new Road to Settle Station, and to abandon the William Lands Branch; and for other Purposes. 197

xx. An Act for authorizing the Bradford Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money. 253

xxi. An Act for incorporating the Bury Saint Edmund's Gas Company, and for better supplying the Town and Borough of Bury Saint Edmunds in the County of Suffolk with Gas. 257

xxii. An Act to incorporate the Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society; to enable the said Society to sue and be sued, and to take and hold Property; and for other Purposes relating to the said Society. 265

xxiii. An Act to amend and equalize the Rates and Duties leviable at the Port and Harbour of Perth, to authorize the borrowing of an additional Sum of Money, and for other Purposes in relation thereto. 277

xxiv. An Act to amend an Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for embanking, draining, and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Ramsey in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Benwick, Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, so far as relates to the Lower or Fifth District, and to annex other Lands thereto. 297

xxv. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for lighting with Gas and supplying with Water the Town of Hartlepool and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Durham. 309

xxvi. An Act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Macclesfield in the County of Chester, and for other Purposes connected with the said Borough. 325

xxvii. An Act for enabling the Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Completion of their Railways, to guarantee Interest on certain Shares, and for other Purposes. 349

xxviii. An Act for making a short Railway to connect the Line of the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway with the Line of the London and South-western Railway; and for other Purposes. 357

xxix. An Act to vest the Stainforth and Keadby Canal in the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun. 365

xxx. An Act for enlarging, improving, and maintaining the Harbour of Kirkcaldy in the County of Fife, for regulating the Petty Customs of the Burgh of Kirkcaldy, and for other Purposes relating to the said Harbour and Burgh. 381

xxxi. An Act to amend "The Sunderland Dock Act, 1846," and for other Purposes. 413

xxxii. An Act for defining the Boundaries of the Parishes of Whittlesey Saint Mary and Whittlesey Saint Andrew in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge for Ecclesiastical Purposes, for the Union of the said Parishes for other Purposes, and for better paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise regulating and improving the Town of Whittlesey. 441

xxxiii. An Act for extending the Powers of the London and South-western Railway Company for purchasing Lands for and completing the Works of the Railways from Basingstoke to Salisbury and from Farnham to Alton; and for other Purposes. 461

xxxiv. An Act for enabling the Windsor, Staines, and South-western (Richmond to Windsor) Railway Company to make an Extension of their Railway to the Town of New Windsor; and for other Purposes. 473

xxxv. An Act for the further Improvement of the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne. 485

xxxvi. An Act to extend the Provisions and enlarge the Powers of the Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks Act, 1847. 505

xxxvii. An Act for granting further Powers to the London Gaslight Company. 513

xxxviii. An Act to enable the Cockermouth and Workington Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Bridgefoot; and for amending the Act relating to their Railway. 517

xxxix. An Act for vesting the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal in the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company. 525

xl. An Act to confer certain Powers on the Railway Passengers Assurance Company. 549

xli. An Act to enable the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes. 561

xlii. An Act for making the Parish of Richmond in the County of Surrey a District Vicarage, by dividing the Vicarage of Kingston-upon-Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond into Two separate Vicarages, and for providing a Stipend and Residence for the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid, and for extinguishing the Vicarial Tithes in the Parish of Richmond, and for other Purposes relating to such Vicarages. 569

xliii. An Act to authorize the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company to alter the Alston Branch of their Railway, to make a Branch Railway therefrom, and for other Purposes. 589

xliv. An Act for consolidating the Trusts of the Truro Turnpike Roads and the Penryn and Redruth Turnpike Roads in the County of Cornwall, and for making a new Turnpike Road from Bosvigo Bridge to the Turnpike Road from Truro to Redruth, and for making the Road or Highway from Ferris Town to Bosvigo Bridge a Turnpike Road, and tor maintaining all such Roads; and for other Purposes. 597

xlv. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for dividing and leasing or letting certain Commons or Waste Grounds within the Borough and Township of Congleton in the County of Chester, and for applying the Profits of Part of the same in aid of the Poor’s Rate or other Taxes or public Expenses within the said Township. 609

xlvi. An Act to facilitate the Prosecution of Criminal Offences before Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the County of Renfrew, and to simplify the Proceedings therein and lessen the Costs thereof. 617

xlvii. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually amending the Road leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey to Highgate in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 625

xlviii. An Act for the Improvement of the Haven, Bridge, and Navigation of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk. 633

xlix. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Joshua Procter Westhead of Manchester, Manufacturer. 645

l. An Act to alter, amend, extend, and enlarge some of the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, and for making Extensions of some of the Branches of the said Railway, and for making other Provisions in relation to the said Railway and to the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company. 653

li. An Act for improving the Approaches to the Charing Cross Bridge on the Surrey Side thereof, and for amending the Acts relating thereto; for authorizing the raising of a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes. 681

lii. An Act for extending the Time and Powers for making the Ely and Huntingdon Railway, and for amending the Act relating to the East Anglian Railways. 693

liii. An Act for the Dissolution of the East Lothian Central Railway Company, and for the Abandonment of the Railway. 701

liv. An Act to consolidate the several Acts relating to the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company, to enable the Company to alter their Line of Railway in the Parishes of Egglescliffe and Stockton-on-Tees, and to increase their Capital, and to vest in them the Middlesbrough Dock. 709

lv. An Act to authorize the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company to make certain Branches to the River Dee, with Wharfs and other Conveniences connected therewith, to enter into Agreements for a joint Station at Shrewsbury, and to subscribe towards the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway. 733

lvi. An Act regulating and maintaining Markets in the Town of Torquay in the County of Devon, and for constructing convenient Market Places therein. 769

lvii. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Chatteris Ferry to Wisbech, and from thence to Tid Gote in the Isle of Ely and to Downham Bridge in the County of Norfolk, and to authorize the Conversion of the Wisbech and March Low Road into Turnpike. 781

lviii. An Act for enabling the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company to make certain Branches in the Counties of Northumberland and Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and for other Purposes. 797

lix. An Act to alter and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Black Sluice Drainage, to extend the Time by "The Black Sluice Drainage Act, 1846," limited for the Completion of the Works, to authorize the levying and raising of further Rates and Monies, to alter existing Rates and Tolls, and for other Purposes. 821

lx. An Act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to divert their Railways between Market Weighton and Beverley and Copmanthorpe and Tadcaster, all in the County of York; and for other Purposes. 849

lxi. An Act for making a Branch from the Taff Vale Railway to Dowlais, and for other Purposes. 865

lxii. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Irish South-eastern Railway. 881

lxiii. An Act for maintaining, improving, and keeping in repair certain Roads in the County of Lanark to be called "The East and West Lanarkshire Turnpike Roads." 885

lxiv. An Act to extend the present Tinsley and Doncaster Turnpike Road from Tinsley to Sheffield, and for other Purposes. 897

lxv. An Act for more effectually managing and repairing the Road leading from Flimwell Vent in the County of Sussex to the Town and Port of Hastings in the said County. 913

lxvi. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for continuing certain Powers to the Trustees of the New North Road, leading from the South End of Highbury Place, Islington, to Haberdashers Walk in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the County of Middlesex, and for vesting the Management of the said Road in the Metropolis Roads Commissioners, for the Purpose of paying off the Debt due thereon. 929

lxvii. An Act to effect the Sale of the Wishaw and Coltness Railway to the Caledonian Railway Company. 941

lxviii. An Act to continue and amend the Powers of an Act for repairing and improving the Roads from Dublin, by Ashbourne, to Slane and Drogheda. 953

lxix. An Act for enabling the Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull to raise a further Sum of Money; and for amending some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to such Company. 981

lxx. An Act for better enabling the Rock Life Assurance Company to sue and be sued, and to alter certain Provisions of their Deed of Settlement, and to give further Powers to the Company. 989

lxxi. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the East Lancashire Railway Company, and to enable the same Company to make certain Branches at Preston. 1009

lxxii. An Act to authorize the Transfer of the Wilsontown, Morningside, and Coltness Railway to, and to vest the same in, the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company. 1021

lxxiii. An Act to extend the Time for the Purchase of Lands required for the widening of the London and Blackwall Railway, and to amend the Acts relating to such Railway. 1037

lxxiv. An Act for vesting in the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the London and North-western Railway Company the Preston and Wyre Railway, Harbour, and Dock, and all the Works, Property, and Effects belonging thereto. 1045

lxxv. An Act to transfer the Sheffield Canal to the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun. 1073

lxxvi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Commercial Road, and other Roads connected therewith, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex. 1081

lxxvii. An Act for confirming and carrying into effect an Arrangement made by the Court of Chancery concerning the Proprietors of the Rowling Iron Company, and for granting certain Powers to the said Company. 1097

lxxviii. An Act for regulating and improving the Markets and Fairs in the Borough of Louth in the County of Lincoln. 1121

lxxix. An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company to construct a Low-water Pier and other Works at Granton; and for other Purposes. 1137

lxxx. An Act to incorporate the Governors of the Hospital for Consumption and Diseases of the Chest, and to authorize the Establishment of a Chapel in connexion with the said Hospital, and to enable the said Governors the better to carry on their charitable Designs. 1149

lxxxi. An Act to consolidate into One Act and to amend the Provisions of the several Railway and Dock Acts relating to the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company, and to amend their Canal Acts. 1165

lxxxii. An Act to amend and extend the Provisions of certain Acts for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Binbrooke Saint Mary and Binbrooke Saint Gabriel in the County of Lincoln, and to vary the Awards made thereunder, and to unite the said Parishes. 1325

lxxxiii. An Act to incorporate the Great Indian Peninsula Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith. 1333

lxxxiv. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Great Northern Railway, and to make a Diversion of such Railway at Bentley-with-Arksey in the West Riding of Yorkshire, and to enlarge the Boston, Lincoln, and London Stations of such Railway. 1345

lxxxv. An Act to alter and amend some of the Powers and Provisions of the Shrewsbury and Birmingham Railway Acts, and to authorize the Formation of certain Branch Railways, a navigable Canal, and other Works connected with the same respectively; and for other Purposes. 1361

lxxxvi. An Act to authorize a Deviation of the Branch Line of the Stirling and Dunfermline Railway to Alloa Harbour, and the Diversion of certain Works; to extend the Time for the compulsory Purchase of certain Lands; and for other Purposes. 1385

lxxxvii. An Act to amend the several Acts relating to the Lancaster and Preston Junction Railway Company, and to transfer the Management of the Railway to the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Company. 1397

lxxxviii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Acts relating to the Ardrossan Harbour and to the Glasgow, Kilmarnock, and Ardrossan Railway. 1421

lxxxix. An Act to amend and extend and partly repeal the Provisions of an Act of Parliament for erecting the Town of Airdrie into a Burgh; to provide for the Municipal and Police Government of said Burgh, and for the better paving, watching, lighting, and cleansing, and for regulating the Police, and managing the Statute Labour of the said Burgh; for consolidating the Provisions of other Acts; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 1429

xc. An Act to effectuate a Lease of the Glasgow, Barrhead, and Neilston Direct Railway to the Caledonian Railway Company. 1469

xci. An Act for the Incorporation of the General Land Drainage and Improvement Company, and for facilitating the Execution of Land Drainage and other Improvements. 1481

xcii. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Eastern Union Railway Company. 1513

xciii. An Act for incorporating the East Indian Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith. 1521

xciv. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for regulating Elections within the City of London, and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government of the said City. 1533

xcv. An Act to amend the "Norfolk Estuary Act, 1846," and to enable the Eau Brink Commissioners and the Corporation of King's Lynn to contribute towards the Undertaking, and for other Purposes connected therewith. 1541

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN’S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act to enable the Trustees of a Society called or known by the Name of "The Society for the Prosecution of Felons and Receivers of Stolen Goods" to distribute the Monies and Funds of the said Society amongst certain charitable Institutions. 3

2. An Act for authorizing the Sale and Exchange of certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments forming Part of the Estate of the late Charles Hayes Esquire, and for authorizing certain Leases to be granted thereof; and for authorizing the Sale and Exchange of certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments forming Part of the Estate of the late John Rutherforth Abdy Esquire, and for enabling the Trustees of this Act to shift the Charges affecting the Inheritance of the last-mentioned Lands and Hereditaments; and for other Purposes. 9

3. An Act to authorize the granting of Building Leases of the Estates devised by the Will of Richard Morris Griffith Gentleman, deceased, called Caemaeslodig, situate in the Parish of Bangor in the County of Carnarvon. 33

4. An Act for confirming Two several Indentures of Lease, dated respectively the Twenty-sixth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, respectively granted by the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Christ Canterbury and Henry Penton to Thomas Clutton, of Hereditaments situate at Walworth in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington in the County of Surrey, and for settling the Boundaries of the Hereditaments thereby intended to be demised. 45

5. An Act for settling all Questions of disputed Ownership between the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Louth and the Warden and Six Assistants of the Town of Louth and Free School of King Edward the Sixth in Louth, with reference to the Lands, Tenements, Fairs, Markets, Rents, Tolls, Powers, Rights, Privileges, and Property claimed by them respectively; and for vesting the Fairs and Markets within the said Borough in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses thereof; and for other Purposes. 57

6. An Act to authorize the Sale of Part of the Estates devised by William Lee Antonie Esquire, deceased, and for applying the Proceeds in Payment of certain Incumbrances, and in Purchase of Hereditaments to be limited to the Uses declared of certain Estates substituted and settled by an Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of Part of the Freehold Estates devised by the Will of William Lee Antonie Esquire, deceased, in strict Settlement, in his Nephew John Lee Esquire, Doctor of Laws, (subject to a Term of Five hundred Years, as an Indemnification against a Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and Interest,) and for substituting Part of the Fee Simple Estates of the said John Lee in lieu thereof, and also for appointing new Trustees of the said settled Estates; and to amend the said Act. 133

7. An Act to enable Leases for Mining Purposes to be granted to Anthony Hill Esquire of Parts of the Estate situate in the Parish of Merthyr Tydvil in the County of Glamorgan, devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Other Archer Earl of Plymouth, deceased; and for other Purposes. 161

8. An Act to incorporate, by the Name of "The Trustees of the Hospital in Aberdeen for Orphan and Destitute Female Children," "The Trustees of the Aberdeen Destitute Female Orphan Asylum" acting under a Deed of Constitution granted by the Trustees of John Gordon of Murtle, Esquire, deceased, and to alter and extend the Powers and Provisions of the said Deed, and to vest the Residue of the Estate and Effects of John Carnegie Esquire, deceased, in the Trustees so incorporated. 193

9. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Settlement made in pursuance of the Will of George Granville late Duke of Sutherland to grant or demise for a long Term of Years to the Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks Company certain Springs and Reservoirs of Water in Lands in the Parishes of Caverswall and Stone in the County of Stafford comprised in the said Settlement, and certain Waterworks, Rights, and Privileges for supplying with Water the Towns of Longton and Lane End in the said County, and several Townships or Places near thereto; and to enable the said Trustees to take Shares in the said Company, and to advance Money to the said Company on Mortgage; and for other Purposes. 221

10. An Act to enable Marianne Sarah Robertson of Ladykirk to disentail certain detached Portions of the entailed Estate of Ladykirk, to be conveyed to David Robertson her Husband in lieu of the Lands of Simprim, to be added by him to the said entailed Estate; to grant Security upon the said Estate for a certain Sum of Money expended in Improvements; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 253

11. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Settlement made under Orders of the High Court of Chancery, after the Marriage of Chaloner Ogle Esquire and Eliza Sophia Frances Ogle his Wife, to grant Building, Improving, and other Leases of certain Estates and Hereditaments situate at Patcham in the County of Sussex, comprised in the said Settlement. 273

12. An Act for vesting the Cole and Reynolds Estates, situate at Doddington, Leverington, Guyhurn, Broughton and Buckden, in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon, in Trustees for Sale. 313

13. An Act to authorize the Trustees of the Will of the late Anthony Harman Esquire to grant Building, Improving, and other Leases of certain Freehold Estates devised by the said Will. 357

14. An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the late Thomas Gordon to sell his Estates of Cairness and others in the County of Aberdeen, and to apply the Price thereof in Payment of the Debts and Burdens affecting the same; and for laying out the Residue of the Price in the Purchase of other Lands, to be entailed in Terms of the Trust Deed of Settlement by the said Thomas Gordon; and for other Purposes. 381

15. An Act to confirm the Title of the Trustees of the Will of Philip Hurd Esquire, deceased, to a Copyhold Estate at Kentish Town in the County of Middlesex; and to extend the Power to grant Building Leases contained in the said Will; and to empower the Trustees of the said Will to raise Money for the Improvement of the said Estate; and for other Purposes. 409

16. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the late Duke of Cleveland to raise certain Monies on the Trust Estates in the County of Durham by the said Will devised, and for the Management of the said Estates. 437

17. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Will of William Trenchard Esquire, deceased, to pull down the Mansion or Dwelling House at Lytchet Matravers in the County of Dorset, and the Stables, Offices, and Outbuildings belonging thereto, Part of the Estates devised by the said Will, and to rebuild a smaller Mansion, Stabling, and Outbuildings suitable to the same; and to pull down Farm Buildings on the said Estates, and to rebuild the same; and to convert Shrubberies and Pleasure Grounds into Arable and Pasture Lands; and to raise Money for these Purposes by the Sale of Part of the Capital of the Personal Estate of the said William Trenchard deceased; and for other Purposes. 419

18. An Act for vesting the Real Estates devised by the Will of the late Sir Hugh Bateman of Hartington Hall in the County of Derby, Baronet, in Trustees, upon trust to sell a Part thereof, and to lay out the Monies arising from such Sale in Payment of the Mortgage Debts and other Charges and Incumbrances affecting the said Estates, and in Repairs and substantial Improvements upon the said Estates; and for other Purposes. 485

19. An Act for the better Administration of the Real and Personal Estates of the Right Honourable James Lord Glastonbury deceased. 517

20. An Act to remove Doubts relative to the Appointment of Mr. George Bishton as a Commissioner under the Pattingham and Patshull Inclosure Act. 549

21. An Act for removing Doubts relative to the Powers of granting Building Leases contained in the Will of the Right Honourable George Augustus Henry Earl of Burlington deceased; and for other Purposes. 569

22. An Act for supplying the Omission in the Will of the Right Honourable George Augustus Henry Earl of Burlington deceased of Powers of granting Farming and Building Leases of the Estates in the Counties of York and Derby devised by the same Will; of Powers of selling and exchanging the same Estates; and for other Purposes. 597

23. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Maryon Wilson Baronet to grant the Site of a Church for "The District of Saint Thomas, Woolwich," in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes. 625

24. An Act for authorizing the Sale of certain Parts of the Estates in the County of Middlesex devised by the Will of Sir George Osborn Baronet, deceased, for the Purpose of discharging the Incumbrances thereon. 641

25. An Act to authorize the granting of Building Leases of Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Henry Blundell Esquire, situate in the Townships of Heaton and Rumworth in the County of Lancaster, and to lease Coal and other Mines, and to grant Farming Leases for Twenty-one Years of Lands within the said Townships; and for other Purposes. 713

26. An Act for the Sale of certain Hereditaments in the Parish of Barkham in the County of Berks affected by the Settlement made on the Marriage of Theophilus Clive Esquire. 757

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

27. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas William Waldy Esquire with Ellen his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

28. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John James with his now Wife and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

29. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Hoghton Esquire with Louisa Josephine Hoghton his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

30. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Hudson Merchant with Louisa his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for naturalizing Richard Tufton and Henry Tufton his infant Son.

32. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Cripps Esquire with Augusta Sarah his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

33. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Bryan Faussett with Helena Caroline his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

34. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Eustace Hill Esquire with the Honourable Georgiana Charlotte, commonly called Lady Georgiana Charlotte, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO REGNI

VICTORIAE,

Britanniarum Reginae,

DUODECIMO.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Eighteenth Day of November, Anno Domini 1847, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady VICTORIA, by the Grace of God Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Defender of the Faith:

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the First Day of February 1849; being the SECOND SESSION of the FIFTEENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty.

1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

Cap. i.

An Act to enable the Blackburn Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Act relating thereto.

[11th May 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria,

[8 & 9 Vict. c. 138.]

---

intituled An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Township of Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whereby the Company incorporated by the said Act were empowered to raise the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds by Shares, and Thirteen thousand Pounds by Mortgage : And whereas the said Company have accordingly raised the Sum of Thirty-eight thousand five hundred Pounds by Shares, and the whole Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds by Mortgage, and the whole of such Amount has been expended upon the Purposes authorized by the said Act: And whereas a further Sum of Money is required to enable the said Company completely to carry into effect the Purposes thereof, and it is expedient that Power should be granted to the said Company to raise such further Sum of Money:

And whereas it is also expedient that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act should be amended and enlarged; but

4 12° VICTORIA, Cap. i.

the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Powers of the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions, Matters, and reciicd Act Things contained in the said recited Act, and now remaining in force, -if- ex°- (except such of them as are by this Act repealed, altered, or otherwise cept as hereby provided for, or are inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act,) shall altered. extend to this Act, and shall be in force in respect to the Objects and Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Provisions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enacted in this Act with express Reference to the Objects and Purposes thereof; and the said recited Act and this Act shall as to all Matters and Things whatsoever (except as aforesaid) be read and construed together as One Act.

Power to

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, raise addi- from Time to Time, by an Order of any Meeting thereof^ to raise, by by Creation oT ^)e Creation of new Shares, in addition to any Sums which they have mw Shares, raised and are entitled to raise under and by virtue of the said recited Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the further Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds.

New Shares

III. And be it enacted, That the Capital so to be raised by the

to be consi- Creation of new Shares shall be considered as Part of the general dered same Capital of the Company, and such new Capital and new Shares shall Share^'."a be subject to the same Provisions in all respects, whether with reference to the Payment of Calls, or the Forfeiture of Shares on Nonpayment of Calls, or otherwise, as if such Capital had been Part of the original Capital, except as to the Times of making Calls for such additional Capital, and the Amount of such Calls, which respectively it shall be lawful for the Company from Time to Time to fix as they shall think fit, and except as herein otherwise provided.

If old Shares

IV. And be it enacted, That if at the Time of any Augmentation ataPremium, of Capital taking place by the Creation of new Shares the then exist-"o b^oiTered ,<'^iares °* the Capital of the Company shall be at a Premium, or to original6 greater actual Value than the nominal Value thereof, then the Shareholders. Sum so to be raised shall be divided into Shares of such Amount as will conveniently allow the same to be apportioned among the then Shareholders in proportion to the existing Shares held by them respectively, and such new Shares shall be offered to the then Shareholders in the Proportion aforesaid; and such Offer shall be made by Letter under the Hand of the Secretary of the Company, given to or sent by Post addressed to each Shareholder according to his Address as entered in the Shareholders Address Book, or left at his usual or last known Place of Abode in England; and every such Offer made by Letter sent by Post shall be considered as made on the Day on which such Letter in the due Course of Delivery ou<du to reach the Place to which it shall be addressed.

5

12° VICTORIA, Cap A.

V. And be it enacted, That such new Shares so to be created shall Shares to vest in and belong to the Shareholders who shall accept the same, v.tst 111 1,ir* and pay the Value thereof to the Company at the Time or Times and

by the Instalments which shall be fixed by the Company; and if any ,iSe to be Shareholder shall fail for One Month after such Offer of new Shares disposed of to accept the same, and to pay the Instalments called for in respect by llie thereof, it shall be lawful for the Company to dispose of such Shares Col"Pany-to any Party willing to become the Purchaser thereof^ for such Sum as the Company can obtain for the same.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Directors

the Directors, in case they shall think proper so to do, but not other- giYriiudders wise, to permit any Shareholder who from Absence abroad, or from to uke new any other Cause satisfactory to the Directors, may have omitted or shares after neglected (within the Time limited by this Act) to signify his Ac- Time speci-ceptance of the new Share or Shares which may have been offered case

to him, or to which he may be entitled by virtue of this Act, to Absence accept such Share or Shares, and to pay for each such Share the Sum abroad, &e. at which the same shall have been allotted to him, notwithstanding

the Time limited for such Acceptance or for the Payment of such Sum may have expired.

VII. And be it enacted, That if at the Time of any such Aug- If existing mentation of Capital taking place the existing Shares of the Capital St)ares "v1 of the Company shall not be at a Premium, then such new Shares ^ne""’ may be of such Amount, and may bear such annual Sums for Interest mavbe issued or Dividends on the same, for such Period, and may be issued in as Company such Manner, and may be sold and disposed of at such Price, pay- l,1*nfc fi,< able at such Times and by such Instalments, as the Company shall think fit.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall become Rights of entitled to any new Share to be created under this Act shall in new Share-respect of the same Share be a Shareholder in the Undertaking, and hol<,ers.U11)e shall, unless the Rate of Interest or Dividend payable in respect of ab°e to^h'e such Share shall be stated thereon, be entitled to a Share of the Value of Dividends of the Company in the Proportion which the Amount new Shares, paid up on such new Shares shall bear to the aggregate Amount of the paid-up Capital of the Company for the Time being in respect whereof such Dividends shall be payable, and such new Shares shall also confer on the respective Holders or Proprietors thereof Rights of voting and Qualifications in proportion to the aggregate nominal Value of such Shares, and not in proportion to the Number thereof; and for such Purposes every entire Sum of Ten Pounds of such nominal Value shall be considered as equivalent to One Share of Ten Pounds created under the said recited Act; and no Shareholder shall vote in respect of any Number of such new Shares which shall constitute a less Interest in the Capital of the Company than Ten Pounds.

IX. And be it enacted, That after Shares for the whole of the Power to Capital in Shares by this and the said recited Act limited or autho- borrow on

ILocaL] B rized Mortgage,&c.

6

Former Mortgages to have Priority.

Company not exempt from Provisions of 11 & 12 Vict, c. 63.

Mortgages, Transfers, &c. to be stumped.

Power to purchase Premises for Office?.

Expenses of Act.

[Short Title.]

12° VICTORIA, Cap. i.

rized to be raised shall have been taken, and One Half of such Capital shall have been paid up, it shall be lawful for the Company to borrow on Mortgage or Bond such Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be authorized to be borrowed by Order of a General Meeting of the Company, not exceeding in the whole, in addition to the Sum authorized to be borrowed by the said recited Act, the Sum of Six thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds, and to secure the Repayment of the Sum so to be borrowed, with Interest, by Mortgage of the Undertaking, as by "The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," provided, and subject to the several Provisions therein contained with respect to the borrowing of Money on Mortgage.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Mortgages or Bonds granted under the Authority of the said recited Act, and which shall be in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall during the Continuance thereof have Priority over any Mortgages or Bonds to be created by virtue of this Act.

XI. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the said Company from the Provisions of " The Public Health Act, 1848," or of any general Act relating thereto or to the Subject Matter thereof, which may pass during the present or any future Session of Parliament.

XII. And be it enacted, That every Mortgage, Bond, or other Security for Money, and every Transfer of any Share, Stock, Mortgage, Bond, or other Security for Money, to be granted or made by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be by Deed duly stamped, wherein the Consideration for the same shall be truly stated, anything herein or in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the Purchase of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Township of Blackburn, for the Purpose of using the same as an Office or Offices for the Transaction of the Affairs and for the general Purposes of the Company, and to defray the Expense thereof out of any Monies in their Hands, or to be received by them under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and attending the passing of this Act or incidental thereto shall be paid by the said Company out of the first Monies that shall come to their Hands, and in preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

XV. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments and other Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to refer to and describe it by the Title of " The Blackburn Waterworks Act, 1849."

12° VICTORIA, Cap a.

[Public Act.]

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIAE REGINA.

Cap. ii.

An Act for enabling the Sunderland Water Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for amending and enlarging the Provisions of the Act relating to such Company.

[11th May 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Sunderland and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Durham, whereby certain Persons were incorporated by the Name of the " Sunderland Water Company," and were empowered to supply with Water the District included within the Limits of the said Act: And whereas by the said Act the said Company were authorized to raise the Sum of Thirty-five thousand Pounds by Subscription, and the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds by Mortgage of the Undertaking : And whereas the said Company have proceeded to carry the Powers of the said Act into execution, and [Eocn/.] C have

9 & 10 Vict, c, 36.

10

Powers of recited Act extended to this Act, except as

hereby

altered.

So much of recited Act as relates to Qualification of a Director repealed.

Qualification of Directors.

Power to raise Money by Creation of new Shares.

Additional Capital to be divided into 51. Shares.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. il

have raised and expended nearly the whole of the Money authorized to be raised as aforesaid: And whereas the said Capital which the Company are so authorized to raise under the Powers of the said Act is insufficient for effectually supplying with Water the whole of the District within the Limits of the said Act, and for completing the Waterworks : And whereas it is expedient that the said Company should be enabled to raise an additional Sum of Money, and that some of the Provisions of the said recited Act should be altered, amended, and enlarged; but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act, and in the Acts incorporated therewith, and now remaining in force, (except such of them as are by this Act repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for, or are inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act,) shall extend to this Act, and shall be in force in respect of the Objects and Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Provisions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enacted in this Act with express Reference to the Objects and Purposes thereof; and the said recited Act and this Act shall, as to all Matters and Things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be read and construed together as One Act.

II. And be it enacted, That so much of the recited Act as enacts that the Qualification of a Director shall be the Possession in his own Right of Five Shares in the Undertaking shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it enacted, That the Qualification of a Director of the said Company shall be the Possession in his own Right of Ten Shares in the Undertaking.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company from Time to Time, by an Order of any Meeting thereof, to raise by the Creation of new Shares, in addition to any Sums which they have raised and are entitled to raise under and by virtue of the said recited Act, any Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the further Sum of Nineteen thousand five hundred Pounds.

V. And be it enacted, That the said additional Sum of Nineteen thousand five hundred Pounds shall be divided into Three thousand nine hundred Shares of Five Pounds each.

11

12° VICTORIA, Cap. ii.

VI. And be it enacted, That Three thousand five hundred of such Certain^ b new Shares shall be offered and disposed of in manner herein-after registerej as mentioned, and shall be distinguished and registered as " Preference Preference Shares," and shall be marked as such, together with the Rate of the Shares-preferential Dividend payable thereon, upon the Certificates issued by the Company to the respective Holders thereof.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Capital so to be raised by the New Shares

Creation of new Shares shall be considered as Part of the general to be consi-, , , , , n uered same

Capital of the Company, and such new Capital and new Shares shall as original

be subject to the same Provisions in all respects, whether with Shares, reference to the Payment of Calls, or the Forfeiture of Shares on the Nonpayment of Calls, or otherwise, as if such Capital had been Part of the original Capital, except as to the Times of making Calls for such additional Capital, and the Amount of such Calls, which respectively it shall be lawful for the Company from Time to Time to fix as they shall think fit, and except as herein otherwise provided.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Preference Shares shall be Preference offered to the then Shareholders in the Company in such Proportions ^Jj’arej be as the Directors may from Time to Time determine; and such Offers original10 shall be made by Letter, under the Hand of the Secretary of the Share-Company, given to or sent by Post, addressed to each Shareholder, llollIers' according to his Address as entered in the Shareholders Address

Book, or left at his usual or last known Place of Abode in England; and every such Offer made by Letter sent by Post shall be considered as made on the Day on which such Letter in the due Course of Delivery ought to reach the Place to which it shall be addressed.

IX. And be it enacted, That such Preference Shares so to be Shares to created shall vest in and belong to the Shareholders who shall accept \est in Par-the same, and pay the Amount thereof to the Company at the Time other-" or Times and by the Instalments which shall be fixed by the Com- wise to be pany; and if any Shareholder shall fail for One Month after such byP°ubhcof Offer of new Shares to accept the same, or pay the Instalments called Auction, for in respect thereof within One Month after the same shall respectively become due, it shall be lawful for the Company to dispose of such Shares by public Auction to any Party willing to become the Purchaser thereof for such Sum as the Company can obtain for the same.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful Shareholders for the Directors in case they shall think proper so to do, but not ™ft^ejet*>er" otherwise, to permit any Shareholder who from Absence abroad, or take new any other Cause satisfactory to the Directors, may have omitted or Shares aft?r neglected (within the Time limited by this Act) to signify his fiedUn cer!"

Acceptance tain Cases.

12

After Preference Shares disposed of, Directors to sell new Shares by public Auction.

Rights of new Shareholders to be the same as original Shareholders.

Transfer not to be made until Calls paid.

Power to borrow Money on Mortgage.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. ii.

Acceptance of the new Share or Shares which may have been offered to him, or to which he may be entitled by virtue of this Act, to accept such Share or Shares, and to pay for each such Share the Sum at which the same shall have been allotted to him, notwithstanding the Time limited for such Acceptance or for the Payment of such Sum may have expired.

XI. And be it enacted, That after the said Preference Shares shall have been disposed of, and the Amount thereof been called for, the Directors may from Time to Time, and when and as often as Occasion shall require, sell and dispose of by public Auction such and so many of the remaining new Shares, and at such Prices, and payable at such Times and by such Instalments, as the Directors shall think fit.

XII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall become entitled to any new Share to be created under this Act shall in respect of the same Share be a Shareholder in the Undertaking, and shall, unless the same shall be a Preference Share, be entitled to the same Amount of Dividends as the Shares created by the said recited Act, and such new Shares shall also confer on the respective Holders or Proprietors thereof Rights of voting and Qualifications as the original Shares.

XIII. And be it enacted, That no Shareholder of the Company shall be entitled to transfer any Share after any Call shall have been made in respect thereof until he shall have paid such Call, nor until he shall have paid all Calls for the Time being due on every Share held by him.

XIV. And be it enacted, That after the whole Sum authorized by this and the said recited Act to be raised by Shares shall have been subscribed for, and One Half of the Sum by this and the said recited Act authorized to be raised by Shares shall have been paid up, it shall be lawful for the Company to borrow on Mortgage or Bond such Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be authorized to be borrowed by Order of an Ordinary or Extraordinary Meeting of the Company, not exceeding in the whole, in addition to the Sum authorized to be borrowed by the said recited Act, and in addition to the Sum authorized to be raised by Shares, the Sum of Six thousand five hundred Pounds, and to secure the Repayment of the Money so borrowed, with Interest, by Mortgage of the Undertaking or by Bond as by the said recited Act is provided, and subject to the several Provisions therein contained, or such of them as are applicable to the Monies thereby authorized to be raised on Mortgage or Bond, and the Securities thereby authorized to be granted in respect of the same.

13

12° VICTORIA, Cap. ii.

XV. And be it enacted, That if after having borrowed any Part As to of the Money by this Act authorized to be borrowed on Mortgage rel)0rr0WinS-or Bond the Company shall pay off the same, it shall be lawful for

them again to borrow the Amount so paid off, and so from Time to Time, but such Power of reborrowing shall not be exercised without the Authority of an Ordinary or Extraordinary Meeting of the Company, unless the Money be so reborrowed in order to pay off any existing Mortgage or Bond.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Mortgages or Mortgages Bonds granted by the Company before the passing of this Act, and ^"^"have^ which shall be in force at the Time of passing this Act, shall during prjorjty. the Continuance thereof have Priority over any Mortgages or Bonds

to be created by virtue of this Act.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Company shall provide a Supply of sufficient Supply of Water for any public Pumps, Baths, or Wash- ^p^for* ^ houses that may have been or may be established within the Limits Baths and of the recited Act for the free Use of the Inhabitants, or paid for

out of any Poor Rates or Borough Rates levied within the said Limits; and such Supply shall be provided at such Rates, in such Quantities, and upon such Terms and Conditions as may be agreed upon by the Council of the Borough of Sunderland and the Company, or in case of Disagreement as shall be settled by Two Justices until an Inspector shall have been appointed, and after the Appointment of such Inspector by the Inspector so appointed.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts Short Title, ot Parliament, or in legal Instruments or Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Sunderland Waterworks Amendment Act, 1849."

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Monies to be raised by Application virtue of this Act shall be applied, in the first place, and in pre- of Monies, ference to any other Payment, in paying and discharging all Costs

and Expenses incurred in obtaining this Act, and all Expenses incident thereto; and, secondly, in carrying the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act into execution in such Manner as the Directors of the Company shall think fit.

XX. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be Nothing to

deemed or construed to exempt the said Company from the Pro- exempt visions of " The Public Health Act, 1848," or of any general Act fVomPPro-relating thereto, or to the Subject Matter thereof, which may pass visions of during the present or any future Session of Parliament. H^12,Vict-

14 12° VICTORIA, Cap. ii.

[Public Act.]

XXI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIAE REGIK/E.

Cap. iii.

An Act for supplying the District of Brierley Hill in the Parish of Kingswinf&rd in the County of Stafford with Gas.

[11th May 1849.]

WHEREAS the District of Brierley Hill in the Parish of Kingsivinford in the County of Stafford is now ill supplied with Gas, and it would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said District and to the Public if they were better supplied therewith : And whereas the Parties herein-after mentioned are willing to supply the said District with Gas; but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this 8 & y Vict. present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That t

the several Acts of Parliament following, that is to say, " The Com- c 1S;nc01..‘ panies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and " The Gasworks Clauses porated with Act, 1847," shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act. this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That the Expression " Quarter Sessions " in Quarter the said incorporated Acts shall be construed to mean the Quarter Sesslons-Sessions of the Peace for the County of Stafford holden at Stafford.

[Short Title.]

III. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Brierley Hill Gas Act, 1849."

18

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. incorporated with this Act.

Nothing to authorize Company to take Land without^on-sent, &c.

Limits of Act.

Company incorporated.

Quantity of Land to be held by Company limited.

Capital.

Shares.

12° VICTORIA, Cap.Yii.

IV. And be it enacted, That the " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act; and the Provisions of the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act shall be applicable to the Undertaking hereby authorized, except as hereinafter mentioned.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act contained shall authorize the Company hereby constituted to take or use any Land, unless with the Consent of and by Agreement with the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers thereof.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Limits of this Act shall extend to and include the District of Brierley Hill in the County of Stafford, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof and Places adjacent thereto, comprising the several Places herein-after named; that is to say, Brierley Hill, Badger’s Bank, Brettell Lane, Moor Lane, Leys, Brockrnoor, Bromley, Gosty Bank, Common Side, Pensnett, Round Oak, Crawley Plain, Level, Mill Lane, Delph, Rocks Hill, dyer’s Plain, Mount Pleasant, and Quarry Bank, all in the Parish of Kingswinford in the County of Stafford, and also that Part of Hartshill which lies in the Parish and County aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That George Collison Tuting, Reuben Plant, Francis Tandy, John Fraser Watkins, William Henzey Bond, Thomas Southall, William Cooke, Benjamin Stinson, John Price, Abraham Whitehouse, Joseph Kell, Thomas Grove, John Parkes, John Compson Wright, Joseph Moore, Henry Weaver, Samuel Hudson, George Ford, William Meller, John Harper, Benjamin Green, and all other Persons and Corporations who have already subscribed or shall hereafter subscribe to the Undertaking, and their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall be united into a Company for the Purpose of making and supplying Gas within the Limits of this Act, and for making Gasworks for that Purpose, with proper Works and Conveniences connected therewith, according to the Provisions in this and the said incorporated Acts contained; and for the Purposes aforesaid such Company shall be incorporated by the Name of the " Brierley Hill District Gaslight Company," and by that Name shall be a Body Corporate, with perpetual Succession, and shall have Power to purchase and hold Lands for the Purposes of the said Undertaking.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Company to purchase or hold for the Purposes of the Undertaking more than Five Acres of Land.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Capital of the said Company shall be Six thousand Pounds.

X. And be it enacted, That the Number of Shares into which the said Capital shall be divided shall be Twelve hundred, and the Amount of each Share shall be Five Pounds.

19

12° VICTORIA, Cap.\ii.

XI. And be it enacted, That One Pound per Share shall be the greatest Amount of any One Call which the Company may make upon the Shareholders, and that Three Fifths of the Amount of a Share shall be the utmost aggregate Amount of the Calls to be made in any One Year upon any Share, and that Two Months at the least shall intervene between successive Calls.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to borrow on Mortgage or Bond any Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two thousand Pounds; but no Part of such Sum shall be raised until the whole of the said Capital or Sum of Six thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed for, and One Half thereof shall actually have been paid up.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mortgagees of the Company to enforce the Payment of the Arrears of the Principal and Interest due on any such Mortgages by the Appointment of a Receiver; and in order to authorize the Appointment of such Receiver, in the event of the Principal Monies not being duly paid, the Amount owing to the Mortgagees by whom Application for such Receiver shall be made shall not be less than Five hundred Pounds in the whole.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the first Ordinary Meeting of the Company shall be held within Two Months next after the passing of this Act, and the subsequent Ordinary Meetings of the Company shall be held on the Second Wednesday in the Months of February and August; and the first of such Ordinary Meetings shall be held at the Star Inn at Brierley Hill aforesaid; and such Meetings, whether ordinary or extraordinary, shall be held at Brierley Hill.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Quorum for any General Meeting of the Company shall be Seven Shareholders holding in the aggregate not less than Five hundred Pounds in the Capital of the Company.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Number of Shareholders on whose Requisition an Extraordinary Meeting may be required to be convened shall be Twenty Shareholders holding in the aggregate not less than One thousand Pounds in the Capital of the Company.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Scale according to which Shareholders may vote in respect of their Shares shall be as follows; (that is to say,)

For One Share or more, but not exceeding Twenty, One Vote:

For more than Twenty Shares, but not exceeding Forty, Two Votes.

For more than Forty Shares, Three Votes.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That (subject to the Provisions herein contained for increasing or reducing the Number of Directors) the Number of Directors shall be Nine, and the Qualification of a Director shall be the Possession in his own Right of Twenty Shares in the U ndertaking.

Calls.

Power to borrow Money on Mortgage.

Arrears may be enforced by Appointment of Receiver.

First and other Meetings.

Quorum of

General

Meetings.

Number of Shareholders requisite to convene Extraordinary

Meeting.

Scale of voting.

Number and Qualification of Directors.

20

Power to vary the Number of the Directors.

First

Directors.

Committees of Directors.

The Amount of reserved Fund.

Power to Undertakers to construct Gasworks, &c.

Maximum Price or Charge.

Power to Undertakers to lay Pipes for lighting Buildings.

[Public Act.]

12° VICTORIAE, Cap. iii.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company from Time to Time to increase or reduce the Number of Directors of the Company, but the whole Number of Directors, after such an Increase or Reduction as aforesaid, shall not be greater than Nine nor less than Five.

XX. And be it enacted, That Reuben Plant, George Collison Tuting, Thomas Southall, John Price, Joseph Moore, Benjamin Green, John Harper, John Fraser Watkins, and Benjamin Stinson, shall be the first Directors of the Company.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Number of Directors of which Committees appointed by the Directors shall consist shall not be less than Three nor more than Five, and the Quorum of such Committees shall be Three.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Amount of the reserved or contingent Fund shall be One thousand Pounds.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in this and the said incorporated Acts contained, it shall be lawful for the Company from Time to Time to construct and maintain such Gasworks and Apparatus, and such Buildings, with Approaches thereto, upon the Lands belonging to the Company, or hereby authorized to be purchased by them, and to do all such other Acts as they shall think necessary for supplying the Inhabitants within the Limits of this Act with Gas, and to supply such Gas upon such Terms as shall be agreed upon between the Company and the Persons supplied therewith, and to sell and dispose of the Coke and other Residuum arising from the Materials used in the Manufacture of Gas, in such Manner as the Company may think proper.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Price or Charge for the supplying of Gas to any Persons or Person for or in respect of any public or private Lights or Light shall in no Case exceed the Price or Charge of Eight Shillings and Sixpence for every Thousand Cubic Feet of Gas.

XXV. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in this and the said incorporated Acts contained, it shall be lawful for the Company to lay any Pipe, Branch, or other Apparatus from any Main or Branch Pipes into, through, or against any Building, for the Purpose of lighting the same, and to provide and set up any Apparatus necessary for securing to any Buildings a proper and complete Supply of Gas, and for measuring and ascertaining the Extent of such Supply.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIA REGIKE.

Cap. iv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Berwick.

[11th May 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectually repairing and amending certain Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Berwick, and for better regulating the Statute Labour and making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Roxburgh : And whereas another Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Berwick, by which the said first-recited Act was, in so far as regards the Turnpike Roads therein mentioned, repealed, and certain Persons were appointed Trustees for making, amending, and repairing the Roads mentioned in the said last-recited Act, and various Powers and Authorities were granted to them for that Purpose: And whereas a Third Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for further and more effectually repairing and maintaining several Turnpike Roads in the County of Roxburgh, whereby \Local.~\ F certain

46 G. 3.C. 48.

90.4. c. 104.

3 &• 4 Vict. c. 66.

22

Recited Acts repealed, and this Act to take effect.

[Short Title.]

12° VICTORIA, ascertain other Persons were appointed Trustees for repairing, improving, and maintaining the other Roads therein mentioned, and various Powers and Authorities were granted to them for that Purpose : And whereas the Trustees by the said second-recited Act appointed have proceeded to put the same into execution, and various Sums of Money to the Amount in the whole of Twenty-one thousand two hundred and ninety-five Pounds Eleven Shillings and Sixpence have been borrowed, subscribed, or are owing upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted; but as the said Act, so far as respects the Roads therein contained, is about to expire, the said Sums cannot be repaid, or the said Roads repaired and maintained, unless Provision be made for these Purposes : And whereas the Trustees appointed by and under the Powers of the said third-recited Act have also proceeded to put the same into execution, and have borrowed and expended considerable Sums of Money in repairing, improving, and maintaining certain of the Roads therein described, and carrying into effect the other Purposes mentioned in the said third-recited Act: And whereas it would be advantageous to the Public, and beneficial and convenient to the Inhabitants of the Districts through which the Roads comprehended under the said recited Acts pass, that the Roads comprehended under the said second-recited Act, and a certain Line of Road comprehended under the said third-recited Act, should be placed under the same Trust Management in Time to come, and that certain of the Roads maintained by Conversion Money in lieu of Statute Labour under the Acts first and third before recited, or one or other of them, should be rendered Turnpike Roads, and be managed and maintained as such along with the said other Roads; but as these Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said second-recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed, excepting in so far as the said Act in part repeals the said first-recited Act, and that the said first and second recited Acts, in so far as regards the Roads heretofore maintained under the Authority of the same, and now comprehended under this Act, shall also be and the same are hereby repealed; and this Act shall, from and after the passing of the same, commence and be put in execution for and during the Term and for the Purposes herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to, or in any Manner to affect, prejudice, or interfere with, any Prosecution or Cause pending in any Court of Law or before any other Tribunal, against or at the Instance of the Trustees under the said recited Acts, or their respective Clerks, but the same shall be prosecuted, carried on, adjudged, and concluded in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed.

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any legal Instrument or Proceeding, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " Roxburghshire and Berwickshire Roads Act, 1849."

12° VICTORIA, Cap. iv.

III. And be it enacted, That the Act of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending and making more effectual the Laws concerning Turnpike Roads in Scotland, and all and sundry the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained, (save and except such Parts thereof as are hereby expressly varied, altered, or repealed,) shall be applied to this Act, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into execution as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That J G Anderson of Tuihie-law, Sir Edmund Antrobus of Rutherford, Baronet, George Baillie of Jerviswoode, George Bell of Menslaws, Adam Brack Boyd of Cherrytrees, John Brack Boyd younger of Cherrytrees, J

Boyd of Broadmeadows, Sir Thomas MacDougal Brisbane of Makerston, Knight, Thomas Australia MacDougal Brisbane younger of Makerston, Major David Brown of Old Belses, David Brown younger of Old Belses, Thomas Bruce of Langlee, the Honourable William Frederick Campbell, eldest Son of Lord Campbell, Captain Robert Riddell Carre of Cavers, John Chisholm of Stirches, Scott Chisholm of Chisholm, George Cleghorn of Weens, James Cleghorn of Hawkburn, Archibald Cochrane of Ashkirk, James Curie of Whitlaw, William Currie of Linthill, Sir William Dickson of Sydenham, James Dickson of Chatto, Sir George Henry Scott Douglas of Springwood Park, Baronet, Archibald Pringle Douglas of Adder-stone, James Douglas of Cavers, Alexander Douglas of Hownam, Charles Dunlop of Whitmuirhall, Sir William Francis Eliott of Stobs and Wells, Baronet, the Honourable William Hugh Elliot commonly called Viscount Melgund, the Honourable John Edmund Elliot of New Belses, Captain Edmund James Elliot, his eldest Son, James Elliot of Wolflee, Robert Kerr Elliot of Harwood, John Elliot of Binks, James Erskine of Shielfield, James Shortreed Elliot Fair of Langlee, Adam Fairholm of Chapel, James Gilfillan of Cowden-knowes, James Haig of Bemerside, Robert Henderson of Abbotrule, John Grey Henderson younger of Abbotrule, James Horsburgh of Firth, James Johnston of Alva, George Jerdan of Grange, John Seton Kerr of Kippielaw, William Scott Kerr of Chatto, William Kerr of Gateshaw, John Lang of Overwells, Allen Elliot Lockhart of Borthwick Brae, Roderick MacKenzie of Pinnacle, James Mein of Hunthill, Andrew Whitelock Mein of Hunthill, Nicol Milne of Faldonside, William Ogilvie of Chesters, Thomas Elliot Ogilvie younger of Chesters, Robert Oliver of Blakelaw, Robert Oliver younger of Blakelaw, John Ord of Muirhouselaw, William Thomas Ormiston of Glenburnhall, John Baton of Crailing, Sir John Pringle of Stitchel, Baronet, James Pringle of Torwoodlee, George Pringle of Buckholm, George Pott of Todrig, George Pott of Knowsouth, Gideon Pott younger of Knowsouth, John Richardson of Kirklands, Charles Riddell of Muselee, William Oliver Rutherford of Edgerston, William Alexander Oliver Rutherfurd younger of Edgerston, Thomas Rutherfurd of Fairnington, the Honourable James St. Clair of Stonedge, Sir William Scott of Ancrum, Baronet, Archibald Scott of Howcleuch, William Scott of Raeburn, Walter Scott of Wauchope,

Thomas

23

Powers of 1 & 2 W. 4. c. 43. applied to this Act.

Trustees.

24

Power to elect new Trustees.

Qualification of Trustees.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. iv.

Thomas Macmillan Scott younger of Wauchope, Thomas Scott of Peel, John Scott of Riccalton, John Scott of Teviot Bank, Captain George Scott of Wooden, Royal Navy, James Scott of Whitehaugh, John Scott of Samieston, John Scott younger of Samieston, John Scott of Sinton, John Scott of Wool, Robert Selby of Samieston, Ephraim Selby younger of Samieston, Thomas Simson of Blainslie, Mar/c Sprot of Riddell, John Stavert of Hosecoat, James Stedman younger of Broornhill, John Govan Stewart of Hermiston, the Honourable John Clietwynd Talbot of Bonjedward, Thomas Tod of Drygrange, Robert Henry Tulloch of Ellieston, John Waldie of Henderside, William Watsoti of Burn Grove, Alexander White of Fens, James Wilson of Otterburn, the Provost of the Burgh of Jedburgh for the Time being, the Bailie of the Lordship of Melrose for the Time being, the eldest Bailie of Lauder for the Time being, the eldest Bailie of Hawick for the Time being, the Sheriff Depute of the County of Roxburgh for the Time being, and the Chamberlains or Factors of the Duke of Buccleuch and Queensberry, the Duke of Roxburghe, the Marquis of Tiveeddale, the Marquis of Lothian, the Earl of Buchan, the Earl of Lauderdale, the Earl of Minto, Lord Somerville, Lord Polwarth, Lord Douglas, and Lord Campbell respectively, upon their Estates in the County of Roxburgh, shall be and are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for carrying into execution the Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That when and so often as it shall appear to be necessary and expedient to the Trustees hereby appointed it shall be lawful for them, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to elect and appoint One or more other fit Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees for the Purposes of this Act; provided that public Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting of the said Trustees for every such Election be given by Two several Advertisements in any One Newspaper to be published in the County of Roxburgh, and if there shall be no such Newspaper published in the said County then in any Newspaper published in Edinburgh, the first of such Advertisements being at least Fourteen Days before the Day of Meeting for such Election; and every Person who shall be elected and appointed a Trustee pursuant to the Directions of this Act shall and may act in the Execution of this Act to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been named and appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person, other than and except the Provost of Jedburgh, the Bailie of the Lordship of Melrose, the eldest Bailie of Lauder, the eldest Bailie of Hawick, and the Sheriff Depute of the said County of Roxburgh, all for the Time being, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, in his own Right or in right of his Wife, as Fiar or Liferenter, of the Rents and Profits of Lands lying in the said County of Roxburgh, or in those Parishes of the County of Berwick through which the Direction of any of the said Roads shall or may pass, valued in the Cess Books of the said Counties respectively at Two hundred Pounds Scots, or the Heir Apparent of a Person so qualified as aforesaid,

or

25

12" VICTORIA, iv.

or a Guardian of a Minor enjoying and possessing Lands of the Valuation aforesaid: Provided always, that any Chamberlain or Factor hereby appointed shall be capable of acting if possessed of Ileal or Personal Estate of the Value of Five hundred Pounds Sterling; but no Chamberlain or Factor, unless when otherwise duly qualified, shall be entitled to vote at any Meeting where his Constituent is present as a Trustee: Provided also, that no Person claiming as a Trustee under this Act shall have more than One Vote on any Pretence whatever, excepting he be the Preses of any Meeting, who shall, in case of an Equality of Votes, in addition to his deliberative Vote, have a casting Vote.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall hold their General First stated or General Meeting by virtue of this Act at Jedburgh 1 eetinSs-upon the Third Tuesday after the passing of this Act, or as soon

after as conveniently may be, and their next stated or General Meeting on the Second Wednesday of September then next ensuing, and thereafter a stated or General Meeting shall be held on the Second Wednesday of September annually during the Continuance of this Act, at such Place or Places as the said Trustees assembled at their First stated or General Meeting at Jedburgh shall fix and determine.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Quorum of Trustees at general Quorum of or adjourned Meetings shall be Five; but if any Number less than Trustees. Five shall be present at any of the said Meetings, such Trustees or Trustee shall have Power to adjourn the Meeting.

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be put in execution, Roads to be for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purposes of maintamed-surveying, amending, improving, widening, altering, straightening, repairing, and keeping in repair the Hoads made and maintained by the Trustees under the said second-recited Act; videlicet, the Road leading from the Red Swyre upon the Mid Border between England and Scotland, through the Burgh of Jedburgh, to the Confines of the County of Mid Lothian at or near the Farm of Caitha, by Ancrum Bridge, Saint Boswell’s Green, and Melrose; the Road leading from or near from the West of the present Toll Bar situated at the East End of Hawick to Denholm, and from thence till it join the Road above described at or near Ancrum Bridge aforesaid; the Road leading from the Road first above described at the Carter, by Southdean Kirk and Bonchester Bridge, till it join the Road last above described at the Guide Post at or near Haugh Heads; the Road leading from the Road last above described at or near Chester’s Smithy, by Abbotrule and Swinnie, till it join the Road first above described at or near Linthaugh; the Road leading from the High Road from Kelso to the East Border at or near Maxwellheugh, by Heiton and Crailing, to the Bridge over the Jed at Jedfoot, and from thence till it join the Road first above described at the Village of Bonjedward by Two Branches, the one towards Jedburgh, and the other towards Hawick; the Road leading from the Road first above described at or near the Village of Eildon to the Bridge over the Tweed at Drygrange, and from thence till it join the Road leading from Kelso to Lauder near

26

Bonds, &-c. entered into under recited Acts to remain valid.

Tolls and Duties on the Roads only liable for Debts presently owing

12° VICTORIA, Cap.\v.

Nether Blainslies, with an Alteration thereof crossing the River Lender at or near Earlston Bridge, and from thence through tire Lands of Earlston, Carolside, and Birkliillside, till it again join the present Turnpike Road to Lauder at or near Nether Blainslies or Bridge Ilaugh; the Road from the said Bridge over the Tweed at Drygrange to the Town of Melrose; the Road from near Lang-liaugh to the Bridge at Galashiels, and from thence along Bridge Street in that Town to where it joins the County of Selkirk at or near the House presently or formerly occupied as the Post Office, and from thence by Wilderhaugh to the Damliead to where it joins the County of Selkirk on the Peebles Road; also the following Road, heretofore maintained under the Act third before recited, but in Time coming to be maintained under this Act along with the Roads before described, videlicet, the Road from the Royal Burgh of Jedburgh, over Rewcastle Edge, till it join the Kelso and Hawick Turnpike Road at or near Rule Water or Spittal Bridge; and the following Lines of Road, heretofore maintained byconversion Money in lieu of Statute Labour, but hereby rendered and declared to be Turnpike Roads, when and so soon as the Trustees hereby appointed shall assume them as such, which they are hereby empowered to do, videlicet, that Part of the Road from the said Royal Burgh of Selkirk situated in the County of Roxburgh, from the said Confines of the County of Selkirk, by Toflsbarns, to the Jedburgh Turnpike Road at or near Ancrum Side Bar in the County of Roxburgh, or such Part or Parts thereof as the Trustees herein appointed shall think proper; a Road leading from the Edinburgh and Jedburgh Turnpike Road at or near the Townfoot Bridge of Jedburgh, by the Back of the Boundaries, to the Junction with the Road first above described at or near Kenmuir Lodge; for building, repairing, and maintaining the Bridges, Fences, and other Works and Buildings made or to be made on the said several Roads or any of them, and for putting in execution all and every the Powers and Authorities, and for carrying into effect the several other Purposes, in and by this Act given and granted, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, and Securities made or entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed; and all Contracts, Agreements, Bonds, Assignments, and Securities duly made and entered into by the Trustees for executing the said Acts, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall, as far as regards the Roads herein comprised, be binding on the Trustees for executing this Act, and be observed and kept by them, according to the Terms, Stipulations, and Tenor thereof respectively.

XI. And be it enacted, That, after providing for the Maintenance, Repairs, and Improvement of the said Roads as aforesaid, the Tolls and Duties hereby authorized to be levied from the Roads contained in the said second-recited Act shall be liable for that Part of the Debt presently existing against the Trust created by the said second-

recited

12° VICTORIA, 27

recited Act only, but for no other existing Debt; and the Tolls and on thes? Duties hereby authorized to be levied from the Road contained in the JP^tlve said third-recited Act, now included under this Act, shall be liable for the Debts presently existing against the Trust created by the said third-recited Act, so far as applicable to the said Road only, or for such Proportion of the said Debts as shall be agreed on by the Trustees under the said third-recited Act and this Act, and the Creditors therein, but for no other existing Debt: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be held to prevent the Trustees under this Act, borrowing Money under the Authority of the same, from burdening the Tolls and Duties leviable upon the whole Roads herein comprised, or such Part of the same as they shall think proper.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerks, Sur- Clerks, &c. veyors, Collectors, and all other Officers who have been appointed "ntler. under and employed in the Execution of the said second-recited Act, ^ited Act to hereby repealed, shall respectively be the Officers under this Act, and continue shall continue to hold their Offices until they shall respectively be dis- under this placed or removed by the said Trustees, or be incapable of executing Act*

the same.

XIII. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding the Repeal of the Present Tolls said recited Acts to the Extent before mentioned, the several Tolls continued thereby respectively granted and made payable shall continue to be Letdn*"™ °* paid at the Toll Gates or Toll Bars on or on the Sides of the Roads B comprised in this Act, till the Expiry of the respective existing Lettings of the said Tolls, and that the Roads heretofore maintained

by Statute Labour Money shall be so maintained until assumed as Turnpike under this Act.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Person or Power to Persons duly authorized by them, shall be and they are hereby take thf fol-authorized and empowered to demand and take, or cause to be Io'vin8 Tolls-demanded and taken, at each of the Gates or Turnpikes which shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, before any Passage be permitted, (save and except as herein-after mentioned,) the Tolls and Duties following, or such other Sum or Sums as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time determine, not exceeding the Rates after specified;

(that is to say,)

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Coach,

Berlin, Landau, Barouche, Chariot,Chaise, DogCart, Car, Hearse,

Calache, Chair, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon,

Cart, or other such Carriage, when drawn by Four or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; and when drawn by One, Two, or Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling:

For every Horse or Beast of Burden, with or without a Rider, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling:

For

28

Additional Tolls for Overweight.

Regulations as to additional Weights.

12° VICTORIAE, Cap. iv.

For every Drove of Oxen, Neat Cattle, Asses, Horses, or Fillies unshod, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Five-pence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

XV. And be it enacted, That for every Hundred Weight which any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any Weighing Machine erected or to be erected upon any Parts of the said Hoads, over and above the Weight which such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage is allowed to weigh without paying any additional Toll, as herein-after regulated, there shall be received and taken the following additional Tolls, or such other Sum or Sums as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time determine as additional Tolls, not exceeding the Rates after mentioned; (that is to say,)

For the First and Second Hundred Weight of such Overweight, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling for each Hundred Weight;

For every Hundred Weight of such Overweight above Two Hundred and not exceeding Five Hundred, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling;

For every Hundred Weight of such Overweight exceeding Five Hundred and not exceeding Ten Hundred, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling;

For every Hundred Weight of such Overweight above Ten Hundred and not exceeding Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling;

For every Hundred Weight of such Overweight above Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling:

Before such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through any of the said Gates or Turnpikes.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Waggon, Cart, or Carriage shall be allowed to pass without paying any additional Toll, provided such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, with its Loading, do not weigh more than the Weights following; videlicet, every Waggon or Four-wheeled Carriage having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, Eight Tons in Summer and Seven Tons in Winter; every Waggon or Four-wheeled Carriage having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Breadth of Nine Inches, Six Tons in Summer and Five Tons Ten Hundred Weight in Winter; every Cart having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Breadth of Nine Inches, Three Tons in Summer and Two Tons Fifteen Hundred Weight in Winter; every Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Breadth of Six Inches, Four Tons Five Hundred Weight in Summer and Three Tons Fifteen Hundred Weight in Winter; every Cart having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Breadth of Six Inches, Two Tons Twelve Hundred Weight in Summer and Two Tons Seven Hundred Weight in Winter; every Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of less Breadth than Six Inches, Three Tons Ten Hundred Weight in Summer and Three Tons in Winter

29

12° VICTORIA, Cap. iv.

every Cart having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Two or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, One Ton Ten Hundred Weight in Summer and One Ton Seven Hundred Weight in Winter; and every such Cart drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, One Ton both in Summer and Winter; and for the aforesaid Purposes it shall be deemed Summer from the First Day of May to the Thirty-first Day of October, and Winter from the First Day of November to the Thirtieth Day of April in every Year, both inclusive.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Tolls hereby authorized to be Tolls to be taken having been paid at any of the said Turnpike Gates or Bars, no onceaEtay further Toll shall on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of wjti, in tf,e y the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock of the succeeding Night) Distance of be again exigible, either at the same Turnpike Gate or Bar, or at any Six Miles, other Turnpike Gate or Bar within Six Miles (measured on the Line

of the said Roads) of the Gate or Bar at which such Tolls shall have been paid, for the same Horse or other Beast, or for the same Coach,

AVaggon, or other Carriage, for which such Toll shall have been previously paid on the same Day.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any of the Keepers of the Penalty on Turnpike Gates continued or erected by virtue of this Act shall fail Keepers of in due Performance of his Duty, or shall neglect to give constant f^tfnSnes~ Attendance at all Hours, and a free and ready Passage to all Persons their Duties, and Carriages on Payment offered of the Toll or Tolls exigible, every such Keeper so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Produce of the said Tolls and Application Duties so to be raised, levied, and collected as aforesaid shall, after of T°"s-Payment of the Expenses of preparing, applying for, procuring, and

passing this Act, as herein-after provided, be applied towards making, maintaining, and improving the Roads comprehended under this Act, and paying the Interest of the Money borrowed, subscribed, advanced, or owing at the Time, and the Surplus shall be appropriated annually to extinguish the Principal of the said Debt, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

XX. And be it enacted, That, besides the Exemptions from the Pay- Local Ex-ment of Toll Duties specified in the said recited Act of the First emptions and Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the lom ° s‘ Fourth, no Toll whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Carriage, Horse, or Cattle loaded with Corn of any Kind going to Mills

or Kilns for the Purpose of being manufactured, or returning therefrom, for the Use of Farmers, their Families and Cottagers, residing within One Mile of any Toll Bar which may be passed through.

XXI. And be it enacted, That all the Tolls and Duties hereby Tolls, &c. granted and made payable, together with the Right of Property of

and in every Gate or Turnpike, Toll House, Building, Garden, rus ees Bridge, Milestone, Post, Rail, and all Road Materials, and every other Matter or Thing belonging to the said Roads comprehended under

30

Expenses of Act.

Roads not exempt from Provisions of any future general Act.

Term of Act.

[Public Act.]

12° VICTORIAE, Cap. iv.

this Act, or which shall be acquired by virtue hereof, are and shall be vested in the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of this Act.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Expenses of preparing, applying for, procuring, and passing this Act shall be paid out of the first and readiest of the Tolls and Duties received and levied under this Act, or by or out of the first Monies that shall come to the Hands of the said Trustees under and by virtue of the said second and third recited Acts.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed to exempt the Roads comprised in this Act from the Provisions of any general Act relating to the Consolidation or other improved Arrangement of Turnpike Roads which may pass during the present or any future Session of Parliament.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue from and after the Commencement thereof during the Term of Thirty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament.

XXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849-

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIAE REGINE.

Cap. v.

An Act to authorize the Warrington Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

[11th May 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better supplying with Water the Town 9 & to Vict. and Borough of Warrington, or Parts thereof in the Counties of c. 112. Lancaster and Chester, and the Townships of Latchford and Appleton in the last-mentioned County, whereby a Company was incorporated called "The Warrington Waterworks Company," whereby the Sum of Sixteen thousand Pound was authorized to be raised by the Creation of Shares for the Purposes mentioned therein, and whereby also the Sum of Six thousand Pounds was authorized to be borrowed on Mortgage or Bond for the Purposes aforesaid : And whereas the whole of the said Sums of Sixteen thousand Pounds and Six thousand Pounds have been accordingly raised and expended upon the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas, in exercise of the Powers contained in the said Act, the Warrington Waterworks Company have constructed extensive Works for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, but the Capital which the said Company is authorized to raise under the Powers of the said Act is insufficient to complete the same, and it is expedient that the said Capital should be increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted [Local.j I by

34

Powers of recited Act &c. extended to this Act.

[Short Title.]

Power to raise Money by the Creation of new Shares.

New Shares to be considered same as original Shares.

New Shares to be offered to original Shareholders.

Company may remunerate Directors.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. v.

by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act, and the several Acts incorporated therewith, shall extend to and be incorporated with this Act, so far as the same are applicable to the Purposes and Objects thereof.

II. And be it enacted, That in reciting this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments and Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Warrington Waterworks Amendment Act, 1849."

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company from Time to Time, by an Order of any Meeting thereof, to raise by creating and disposing of new Shares, in addition to any Sums which they are already authorized to raise under and by virtue of the said recited Act, any further Sum not exceeding Eight thousand Pounds.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Capital so to be raised by the Creation of new Shares shall be considered as Part of the general Capital, and such new Shares shall be of the same Amount respectively, and subject to the same Provisions in all respects, whether with reference to the Payment of Calls, or the Forfeiture of Shares on the Nonpayment of Calls, or otherwise, as if such new Shares had been Part of the original Capital of the Company.

V. And be it enacted, That when any Augmentation of Capital shall take place by the Creation of new Shares, such new Shares shall be apportioned among the then Shareholders in proportion to the existing Shares held by them respectively; and an Offer of such new Shares shall be made by Letter under the Hand of the Clerk of the Company given or sent by Post to each Shareholder, or left at his usual or last Place of Abode; and such new Shares shall vest in and belong to the Shareholders who shall accept the same, and pay the Deposit or Call thereon to the Company at the Time which shall be fixed by the Directors thereof; and if any Shareholder fail for One Month after such Offer of new Shares to accept the same, and pay the Deposit or Call to be paid in respect thereof, it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company to dispose of such Shares to any Person or Persons willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, upon such Terms and for such Sum as they can or may obtain for the same; and every such Offer made by Letter sent by Post shall be considered as made on the Day when such Letter shall be committed to the Post Office.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company at any General Meeting to order that Remuneration shall be made to the Directors for the Time being of the said Company for their Time and Trouble in conducting the Affairs of the said Company, not exceeding Two hundred Pounds per Annum, unless the current Year’s Profits shall yield a Dividend of Seven and a Half

per

35

12° VICTORIA, Cap. x.

per Centum to the Shareholders in the Company, and not exceeding in any Case Three hundred Pounds per Annum; and any Amount of Remuneration so ordered shall be paid to such Directors out of the current Year’s Profits of the said Company.

VII. And be it enacted, That after One Half of the Capital by this and the said recited Act authorized to be raised shall have been actually paid up it shall be lawful for the Company to borrow on Mortgage or Bond such Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be authorized to be borrowed by Order of a General Meeting of the Company, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, in addition to the Sum authorized to be borrowed by the said recited Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all Monies so raised, and all Mortgages and Bonds to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be subject to the same Provisions as by the said recited Act and the Acts incorporated therewith are made applicable to the Monies authorized by the said recited Act to be raised on Mortgage or Bond, and to the Mortgages or Bonds thereby authorized to be granted; and the respective Mortgagees and Bondholders shall be entitled to the like Benefits, Rights, and Privileges in respect of the Mortgages or Bonds granted by virtue of this Act as they would have been entitled to in respect of like Mortgages or Bonds granted under the said recited Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Mortgages and Bonds made or entered into by the said Company before the passing of this Act, and which shall be in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall during the Continuance thereof have Priority over all Mortgages and Bonds made or entered into by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be laid out and applied, in the first place, and in preference to any other Payment, in paying and discharging all Costs and Expenses incurred in passing this Act, and the Residue in carrying out the Purposes and Objects of the said recited Act and of this Act, in such Manner as the Directors of the Company shall think fit.

XI. And whereas the said recited Act was intended to apply to the said Townships of Latchford and Appleton in all respects as fully and effectually as to the said Town of H arrington, and the said Company are now supplying Water under their said Act to the Inhabitants of the said first-mentioned Townships, but the Provisions of the said recited Act are defective, and do not clearly include the same within its Limits: Be it therefore enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things whatsoever contained in the said recited Act and the Acts incorporated therewith, save and except so far as they are altered and varied by this Act, shall throughout be taken to extend to and and they hereby declared to

be

Power to borrow Money on Mortgage.

New Mortgages and Bonds to be subject to the Provisions of recited Act.

Former Mortgages, &c. to have Priority.

Application of Monies.

Confirming Provisions of recited Act to the Townships of Latchford and Apple-ton.

36

Company not exempted from Provisions of 11 & 12 Vict, c. 63.

[Public Act.]

12° VICTORIAS, Cap. v.

be in as full Force and Effect within the said Townships of Latchford and Appleton as to and within the said Town of Warrington.

XII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the said Company from the Provisions of "The Public Health Act, 1848," or of any general Act relating thereto or to the Subject Matter thereof which may pass during the present or any future Session of Parliament.

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849-

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. vi.

An Act for better establishing and maintaining the Market Place and Markets at Longtoji, heretofore called Lane End, in the Parish of Stoke-upo?i- Trent in the County of Stafford.

[11th May 1849.]

WHEREAS for many Years past a Market has been held and continues to be holden at Longton, heretofore called Lane End, in the Parish of Stoke-upon- Trent in the County of Stafford, in a Place there called the Market Place, and a Market House or Hall, with Stalls and Standings, have been provided for the Use of Persons frequenting the said Market: And whereas the said Market and Market Place is inadequate for the Demands and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town and the Neighbourhood, and it is expedient that the said Market should be enlarged, and more permanently established and regulated : And whereas the Persons herein-after named are willing, at their own Costs and Charges, to carry such Undertaking into execution; but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, [Locfl/.] K That

38

8 & 9 Vict, ce. 16. & 18. and 10 & 11 Vict. c. 14. incorporated with this Act.

Nothing to authorize Company to take Lands without Consent.

Quarter

Sessions.

[Short Title.]

Corporation.

Limits of Act.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. vi.

That the following Acts of Parliament, (that is to say,) " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 184-5," " The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and " The Markets and Fairs Clauses Act, 1847," so far as the same respectively are not varied by the Provisions of this Act, shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act or the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act shall authorize the Company herein-after incorporated to purchase, take, or use any Lands for the Purposes of this Act, unless with the Consent of and by Agreement with the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers thereof.

III. And be it enacted, That the Expression " Quarter Sessions" in this and the said incorporated Acts shall be construed to mean the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Stafford holden at Stafford.

IV. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Longton Market Act, 1849."

V. And be it enacted, That Charles Harvey the elder, Charles Harvey the younger, John Harvey, William Kenwright Harvey, Sampson Bridgwood, John Lockett, Janies Glover, Benjamin Singleton Brough, Ralph Steele, John Ashwell, Thomas Barlow, Jesse Ridge, Joseph Ridge, Thomas Hulse the younger, James Meakin, John Palmer, Joseph Salt, Henry Brassington, Samuel Bridgwood, William Clarke, and all other Persons and Corporations who have already subscribed or shall hereafter subscribe to the Undertaking, and their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns respectively, shall be united into a Company for carrying on and continuing, maintaining, altering, improving, and enlarging the said Market and Market Place, and the Approaches thereto, together with all proper Works and Conveniences connected therewith and belonging thereto, within the Limits of this Act prescribed, upon the Lands described in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, according to the Provisions of this Act and of the said incorporated Acts, and for other the Purposes herein and in the same Acts contained; and for the Purposes aforesaid such Company shall be and are hereby incorporated by the Name of " The Longton Market Company," and by that Name shall be a Body Corporate with perpetual Succession, and shall and may sue and be sued, and shall have Power to purchase and hold Lands for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, within the Restrictions herein and in the said Acts herewith incorporated contained; and that the Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments described in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed shall be vested in the said Longton Market Company.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Limits within which this and the incorporated Acts shall be put in force shall be as follows; (that is to say,) the Liberty, Township, Hamlet, or Vill of Lane End and Longton (now commonly called Longton) in the Parish of Sloke-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford.

12° VICTORIAE, 3!)

VII. And be it enacted, That the Capital of the said Company shall Capital, he Sixteen thousand Pounds.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Number of Shares into which Number ami the Capital of the said Company shall he divided shall be Two hun- Amount oi dred, and that the Amount of each Share shall be Eighty Pounds, of are!" which Forty Pounds have been paid up.

IX. And be it enacted, That Two Pounds per Share shall be the Calls, greatest Amount of any One Call which the Company may make on the Shareholders in respect of the unpaid up Capital, and Three Months at least shall be the Interval between the successive Calls.

X. And be it enacted, That no Shareholder shall be entitled to Limitation hold more than Ten Shares in the said Company, unless more than Number Ten such Shares shall be derived by Marriage, or shall descend upon £e he"jes 10 or be given or bequeathed by Will to him or her respectively, or

unless such a Number of Shares shall be derived by Marriage or shall descend upon or be given or bequeathed to him or her respectively as with the Number of Shares then already held by him or her shall exceed Ten in Number.

XI. And be it enacted, That if any Shareholder shall by Purchase, or any other Means than those herein-before mentioned, become possessed of or entitled to more titan Ten Shares in the said Undertaking, every such Shareholder shall and he or she is hereby required, upon Notice in Writing under the Hands of Two Directors or of the Clerk to the Company, to sell and dispose of all such Shares as may be held by him or her over and above the said limited Number of Ten.

XII. And be it enacted, That if for the Space of Three Months after Surplus Notice in Writing to any Shareholder holding more than Ten Shares ®,lai'?s to. j>e (except as herein is provided for), requiring such Shareholder to sell no/X^oscci and dispose of so many of his said Shares as will reduce the Number of. Cl of Shares then held by him to Ten only, such Shareholder shall neglect or refuse so to sell and dispose of the surplus Shares, and to comply with the said Notice, such Number of Shares as he shall hold over and above the said limited Number of Ten shall become forfeited, and may, without any further or other Notice, be disposed of by the Directors as they may think proper, and the Proceeds of such Sale shall be applied in and towards and form Part of the Sinking Fund herein-after mentioned.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company Power to or Directors from Time to Time to borrow for the Purposes of this borro'v Act, upon Mortgage of all or any of the Property and Premises M°"teya°n belonging to them, or of the Rents or Sums of Money accruing from r §agt the said Market, and from the Tolls and Rents herein-after set forth,

or upon their Bond or otherwise, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five thousand three hundred and thirty Pounds; but that no Part of such Sum shall be raised until the whole of the said Capital or Sum of Sixteen thousand Pounds shall have

If Shareholder hold more than Ten Shares, the Surplus to be sold.

40

Priority of certain

Mortgages.

No Priority in other Cases.

Arrears may be enforced by Appointment of Receiver.

First and other Meetings.

Extra General Meeting may be convened by Shareholders.

Votes of Shareholders.

Proxies.

Number and Qualification of Directors.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. vi.

have been subscribed for, and One Half thereof shall have actually been paid up.

XIV. And whereas Provision is made in this or the said incorporated Acts for the Repayment of the Sums so to be raised by Mortgage or Bond as aforesaid : And whereas the several Persons named in the Schedule (G.) to this Act annexed have already advanced the several Sums affixed to their Names respectively, and the same are still owing: Be it enacted, That the said several Sums so owing shall during the Continuance thereof have Priority over any Mortgages or Bonds to be created by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that, except as is herein-before excepted, no Mortgage or Bond created by virtue of this Act shall have Priority over any other Mortgages or Bonds similarly created.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mortgagees of the Company to enforce the Payment of Principal and Arrears of Interest due on any such Mortgages by the Appointment of a Receiver; and in order to authorize the Appointment of such Receiver, in the event of the Principal Monies not being duly paid, the Amount owing to the Mortgagees by whom Application for such Receiver shall be made shall not be less than One thousand Pounds in the whole.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the First Ordinary Meeting of the Company shall be held at Longton within Three Months after the passing of this Act, and an Ordinary or Quarterly Meeting shall be held on the First Thursday after Lady Day, Midsummer Day, Michaelmas Day, and Christmas Day in each Year, or at such other stated Periods as shall be appointed for that Purpose by an Order of a General Meeting; and all Meetings, whether ordinary or extraordinary, shall be held at such Places within the Limits of this Act as the Directors of the Company for the Time being shall appoint; and all Questions shall be decided by the Majority of Shareholders present at such Meetings qualified to vote; and that the Presence of Seven Shareholders shall be sufficient to constitute a Meeting.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Number of Shareholders on whose Requisition an extra General Meeting may be required to be convened shall be not less than Three, holding Two Shares each at the least in the Capital.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no Shareholders shall be entitled to vote at any Meeting unless he be a Holder of Two Shares at least, neither shall any Shareholder be entitled to more than One Vote.

XIX. And be it enacted, That no Shareholder shall be entitled to hold more than Three Proxies, such Proxies to be in Writing, and signed by the Party giving the same.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Number of Directors shall never be more than Seven nor less than Five, Three of whom shall form a Quorum; and the Qualification of a Director shall be the Possession, in his own Right, of not less than Four Shares in the Undertaking

12' VICTORIA, 41

XXI. And be it enacted, That Charles Harvey the elder, John Firsl Direc" Harvey, John Lockett, Sampson Bridgwood, Benjamin Singleton tors‘ Brough, Ralph Steele, and Henry Brassington, shall be the first Directors of the Company.

XXII. And be it enacted, That Three of the Directors shall retire Retirement annually by Rotation, and fresh Directors shall be appointed in the of Directors. Place of the Directors so retiring, such Directors to go out of Office

on the First Thursday after Midsummer Day in every Year, at which Time, and at the Meeting to be then held, the fresh Directors shall be nominated and appointed.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Directors retiring from Office Retiring

by Rotation shall be qualified to serve again in the then next Year, Directors and may be re-elected. Elected/6

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Advertisements relating to Newspaper the Affairs of the Company shall be inserted in the Newspaper called for Insertion the Staffordshire Advertiser, but in case that shall cease to be pub- "|c^t(svertlse" fished, then in some other Newspaper published in the County of Stafford.

XXV. And be it enacted, That all Notices (except Notices relating Notices to the Forfeiture of Shares where more than Ten are held) to be '° Sim reserved by the Company on Shareholders shall be so served as to allow 10 ttrs‘ the Party served at least Three clear Days to observe and perform the

Act, Matter, or Thing therein required or mentioned.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That all Meetings of the Directors, or Notices of of the Shareholders, to be held under the Authority of this or the Meeting, incorporated Acts, shall be convened or called by a Circular Letter or Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk or Secretary, and delivered

or left at the usual Place of Abode or Business of such Directors or Shareholders, or sent by Post addressed to each of the said Directors or Shareholders at such Place of Abode or Business; and every Notice or Circular shall specify the Time and Place of Meeting, and in case of special or extra Meetings shall specify the Object thereof, and no Business shall be transacted at any special or extra Meeting except such as is stated in the Notice or Circular convening the same.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Company from Time to Time and at all Times after the passing of ComPan.v this Act, when and so often and at such Days, Hours, or Times as Market they may think fit, to hold a Market or Fair, or Markets or Fairs, for the Sale of Cattle, and also to hold or continue to hold a Market or Markets for the Sale of Meat, Fruit, Vegetables, and all other marketable Commodities, in the Place where the same has heretofore been holden, or in any other Part or Parts of the Land and Premises belonging to the said Company mentioned in the said Schedule (A.), or on Additions thereto or to the said Market Place, or on any other Land belonging to the said Company, or on any Land hereafter to be purchased or acquired for the Purposes this Act; and to alter, vary, and to alter, or reconstruct the present Market, and the Buildings and Conve- Market

[Zoca/.]

42

Buildings

attached

thereto.

Application of Monies.

Power to form a Sinking Fund.

Power to take Tolls for Stands, &c. in Markets.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. vi.

niences thereto attached; or to make, erect, construct, provide, and put up on all or any Part of the said Premises mentioned in the said Schedule (A.), or on any Lands to be hereafter purchased or acquired by the said Company, any Slaughter-house or Slaughter-houses, or other Buildings for the slaughtering of Cattle, and any new, additional, or other Building or Buildings, Stalls, Standings, Bulks, Blocks, Sheds, Shops, or other Conveniences, for the Purposes or Objects of the said Market, as to the said Company shall appear necessary or convenient, or by means whereof the Purposes of this Act may be carried into execution.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Monies arising from the said Market or Markets, and the Rates and Tolls herein-after provided, and the Rents and Profits of the Property now or hereafter belonging to the said Company as aforesaid, and all other Monies arising under this Act, shall be applied by the said Company, in the first place, in or for the Payment of the Expenses of obtaining and passing this Act or incident thereto, and of such Sum or Sums as shall have been borrowed for that Purpose, with lawful Interest thereon; and afterwards, as the said Company or Directors shall think proper, in the Payment of the Expenses and Disbursements of and attending the Continuance, Maintenance, Improvement, and keeping up of the said Market and Market Place, and the regulating, ordering, and Management thereof, and in the Payment of the annual Dividend herein-after mentioned, and of such Sum or Sums as have been or may be hereafter raised by Mortgage, Bond, or otherwise, upon the Security or Credit of the said Property, or of the Rates aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, and all Taxes, Salaries, and Allowances to Officers, and other incidental Expenses: Provided nevertheless, that the Dividend to be declared by the said Company or Directors shall not exceed Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Capital hereby expressed or declared to be paid up and on all future Calls.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company or Directors from Time to Time to set apart and appropriate any surplus Funds which may remain after the Applications aforesaid, and Payment of a Dividend not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum as aforesaid upon each Share of the Capital of the said Company expressed or declared to be paid up, and future Calls, to the Formation of a Sinking Fund; and that it shall be lawful for the said Company or Directors to apply the Amount of such Sinking Fund so formed as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, from Time to Time in or to the Improvement of the said Township of Longton, or in such other Manner as they may think fit.

XXX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company or the Directors thereof from Time to Time to demand from any Person or Persons occupying or using any Stand, Stall, Shed, Pen or Place m the said Market Place or Building, or Ground connected therewith, or on Land or Building hereafter to be used for the Purposes of the said Market, or bringing within the Limits of this Act or into the said Market Place, Buildings, or Ground, any marketable Commodities, Provisions, Articles, or Things specified in Schedule (B )

43

12° VICTORIA, Cup.vi.

to this Act annexed, such Stallage, Rents, and Tolls as the said Company or Directors shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the several Stallages, Rents, and Tolls specified in the said Schedule (B.) : Provided always, that in the event of any such Article being of a perishable Nature, then and in such Case, and so often as it shall so happen, it shall be lawful for the Collector, Farmer, Lessee, or other Person so authorized to receive the same, either by himself or his Assistants, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of all or any of such perishable Articles and Things so offered or exposed to Sale, and the Distress and Distresses so taken to sell immediately, or at any Time in the Day of levying the same, or within a reasonable Time thereafter, rendering the Overplus, if any there be, after deducting the Expenses of such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Property such perishable Articles or Things were at the Time of levying every such Distress.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company or Directors from Time to Time to demand in the Cattle Market or Fair, from any Person bringing therein or within the Limits of this Act any Cattle or other live Stock, as specified in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, such Stallages, Rents, and Tolls as the said Company or Directors shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the several Stallages, Rents, and Tolls specified in the said Schedule (C.)

XXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company or Directors to demand from any Person slaughtering Cattle in any Slaughter-house belonging to the said Company such Tolls as are specified in Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Person for the Time being appointed to attend to the Weighing-houses, or Places for weighing or measuring any Article sold in the said Market

j Place by Weight or Measure, from Time to Time to demand such

Tolls as the said Company or Directors shall appoint, not exceeding s in any Case the Amount set forth in the Schedule (E.) to this Act

s annexed.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Person for the Time being appointed to attend the Machines for weighing Carts or other Vehicles, Commodities or Things, within the Limits of this Act, to demand from the Person requiring the same to be weighed such Tolls as the said Company or Directors may appoint, not exceeding in any Case the Amount set forth in the Schedule (F.) to this Act annexed; and such Tolls shall be paid before any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage in respect of which the same are payable shall be weighed.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company or Directors from Time to Time to demise and let the said Market or Market Place, or any Part thereof, or any Building or Shop belonging to the said Company, and the said Slaughter-houses, Weighing-houses, or Places, and Machines, or any of them, or the said

Stallages,

Power to take Tolls for Cattle Market;

for Slauglr-ter-houses;

for weighing and measuring;

and for

weighing

Carts.

Power to lease the Market for Seven Years.

44

Power to lease Standings in the Market.

Power to assign Lease of Standings.

Saving Rights of Richard £. Heathcote as Lord of the Manor.

Application of Penalties.

[Public Act.]

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xu

Stallages, Rents, or Tolls, or any of them, or any other Buildings, Shops, and Premises now or at any Time hereafter belonging to the said Company, for any Period not exceeding Seven Years, upon such Terms as shall be agreed upon between the said Company or Directors and the Person to whom such Lease shall be made.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company or Directors to let any of the said Slaughter-houses, Shops, Stalls, Standings, Benches, Places, or other Conveniences in the said Market or Market Place for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lessee of the said Market Place, or of any such Slaughter-house, Shop, Stall, or Standing, or other Convenience as aforesaid, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, with the Consent in Writing of the said Company, but not otherwise, to assign the same for the Residue of his Term.

XXXVIII. And whereas Richard Edensor Heathcote is or claims to be Lord of the Manor of Longton, and as such claims to be entitled to certain Franchises within the said Manor: Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to limit, abridge, or otherwise take away any Franchises, Rights, or Properties to which the said Richard Edensor Heathcote is entitled.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That with respect to the Application of any Penalties or Forfeitures recovered by virtue of this Act or of the Acts incorporated herewith, or any or either of them, other than such Penalties or Forfeitures as may be recovered from the said Company, or any Person or Persons acting on their Behalf, the Justice by whom any such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be imposed may award any Part thereof not exceeding One Half to the Informer, and the Remainder, or the whole in case no Part shall be awarded to the Informer, to the said Company or their Treasurer, to be applied for and towards and to form Part of the Sinking Fund herein-before authorized by this Act to be formed.

XL. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

The

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xi

45

The SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Situation of Property. Description of Property. Owner or reputed Owner. Lessee or reputed Lessee. Occupiers.

A Plot of Land lying in 'I

front of the Market House or Market Hall as now

and for many Years past

occupied and used for the

The Market Place Purposes of the Market.

and the Western The Ground or Basement

Side of Chancery Floor of the said Market The present George Bar- George Barker

Lane in Longton House or Market Hall and Proprietors ker and and William

in the Parish o: the said Market House or [ ot'LaneEnd William Tomlinson.

Stoke upon Trent Market Hall, Market. Tomlinson.

in the County of A Plot of Land behind

Stafford. the said Market House or

Market Hall used as a

Butchery and Butter

Market, with covered

Stalls or Shambles and

L Sheds standing thereon

Western Side of Chan- A Dwelling House, with Same - Thomas Dawes,

eery Lane aforesaid. Brcwhouse, Slaughter- as yearly Te-

house, and other Out- nant.

buildings and Yard, now

used as a Retail Beer-

house and Butcher’s

Shop.

Northern Side of Mar A Piece of Land containing Same - The Proprietors

net Lane, Lastern about 1,200 superficial of the Market.

Side of Stafford Yards, recently inclosed.

Street, Longton and Shop and Fish-stalls

aforesaid. erected thereon.

Eastern Side of Staf- A Building used as a Stable Same _ Charles Der-

ford Street. and Coach-house. rington.

Market Place - A Dwelling House and Same - Samuel Baker,

Outbuildings and Yard yearly Tenant.

used as a Mercer’s and

Draper's Shop.

r A China Manufactory, Same - Sampren Bridg-

comprising Sliphouses, wood, yearly

Workshops, Hovels, Tenant.

Warehouses, and other

Market Place and necessary Buildings and

Eastern Side of< Two Dwelling Houses, Same ' * ' Charles Der-

with their respective rington and

Appurtenances, one used John Hallum,

as a Provision Shop, and yearly Te-

the other as a private nants.

Dwelling.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. x\.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Schedule of Tolls or Stallage referred to and authorized to be in the Market by the foregoing Act.

For every covered or uncovered Shed, Stall, Bulk, Block, Tressel, Standing Place, or Station used by any Person for exposing to Sale Flesh Meat, Cheese, Bacon, Pickled Pork, Fish, or any other live or dead Victuals, Fruit, Vegetables, China, Glass, Earthenware, or other Goods, Articles, Commodities, or Things whatsoever, according to the Size or Dimensions of the same; videlicet, for each superficial Square Foot thereof—

If such Stall, Bulk, Block, Tressel, or Station be within or on the Ground or Basement Floor of the Market Hall, or the Butchery or Butter Market behind the same, or in any covered Building now or hereafter to be erected—

If taken for a Year, the Sum of -If by the Half Year, the Sum of -

If by the Quarter, the Sum of -

If otherwise taken, for each Market Day or ofher Day If such Stall, Bulk, Block, Tressel, or Station be on the Land in front of the Market Hall, or elsewhere than on the Ground Floor thereof, or in the Butchery or Butter Market behind the same, or in any covered Building—

If taken for the Year, the Sum of -

By the Half Year, the Sum of -

By the Quarter, the Sum of

If otherwise taken, for each Market Day or other Day the Sum of -

For every Waggon used by any Person for exposing or in which shall be exposed to Sale any Article, Commodity, or Thing, for each Market Day or other Day the Sum of - For every Cart used by any Person for the like Purpose, for each Market Day or other Day—

If drawn by One Horse or other Animal, provided the Article or Commodity contained in such Cart do not exceed One Ton Weight, the Sum of -

If drawn by Two or more Horses or other Animals, or if the Article or Commodity contained in such Cart exceeds One Ton Weight, the Sum of For each Compartment or Space on the Surface of the Ground used by any Person for the like Purpose, according to the Size or Dimensions

or the same; videlicet, for each superficial Square Foot thereof_

If taken for the Year, the Sum of By the Half Year, the Sum of

By the Quarter, the Sum of -

If otherwise taken, for every Market Day or other Day in the Week the Sum of- -

From any Person exposing for Sale any Article, Matter, or Thing not herein specifically charged, and not occupying any Stall, Bulk, Block, Tressel, or Station, nor any defined Compartment or Space on the Surface of the Ground; videlicet—

For every Basket, Parcel, or Quantity of Butter not exceeding Twelve Pounds Weight, per Day ®

For each additional Six Pounds Weight .... For every Basket, Parcel, or Quantity of Eggs under One Dozen For each additional Dozen.

taken

s. d.

4 0 2 0 1 0 0 1

3 0

1 6 0 9

0 0}

1 6

0 9

1 0

2 0 1 0

0 6

0 0J

0 1 0 1 0

0 0*

12° VICTORIA, Cap. v\.

For each other Basket, Hamper, Parcel, or Quantity of such s. d. Article, Matter, or Thing not containing more than One Bushel, for each Market Day the Sum of - - -01

For every additional Half Bushel - - - 0 0|

For Poultry and Game, including Fowls, Chickens, and Ducks,

Wild Fowls, Pigeons, Rabbits, Hares, Pheasants, Partridges, and other Game exposed for Sale, according to the Number thereof; videlicet—

Not more than Half a Dozen, per Day the Sum of - - 0 1

For each additional Half Dozen, the Sum of - 0 1

For every Turkey, Goose, or Sucking Pig - - - 0 1

The Stallage and the several Tolls and Rents before mentioned and specified to be payable and paid for or in respect of the Occupation or Use of any Stall, Standing Place, Bench, Compartment, or Space of Ground shall be paid as well by the original Taker or Occupier thereof for a Part or Portion of the Day, in case he shall not occupy the same the whole Day, as also by any subsequent Taker or Occupier of the same for the Residue of any Part or Portion of the same Day.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Schedule of Tolls to he taken in the Cattle Market.

s. d.

For every Horse, Gelding, or Mare bought or offered for Sale, the

Sum of - - - - - - - 06

For every Colt, Filly, Mule, or Ass, the Sum of - - - 0 2

For every Bull, Ox, Cow, Steer, or Heifer, the Sum of - 0 3

For every Calf, the Sum of- - - - - -0 0^

For every Score of Sheep or Lambs, and so in proportion for any less

or greater Number, the Sum of- - - - - 010

For every every Head of Swine, the Sum of - - - - 0 1

SCHEDULE (D.)

Slaughter-houses.

s. d.

For every Bull, Ox, Cow, Bullock, Steer, or Heifer - - 1 0

For every Calf - - - - - - 0 6

For every Sheep or Lamb - - - - - 0 3

For every Hog or Pig - - - - - 0 4

For any other Beast - - - - - -10

SCHEDULE (E.)

Weighing or measuring.

For weighing every Piece of Meat, or other Article, Commodity, or Thing sold in the Market, being not more than Twenty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, the Sum of

Being above Twenty and not more than One hundred Pounds Weight

For each additional One hundred Pounds Weight For all Goods and Articles sold in the Market by Measure, for each Bushel the Sum of -

s. d.

0 0|

0 1 0 1

0 0i

12° VICTORIA, Cup.vi.

SCHEDULE (F.)

Schedule of Tolls to be taken for Weighing Machines.

s. d.

For weighing any Waggon, the Sum of - - - - 0 6

For weighing any Cart, the Sum of - - - - 0 3

SCHEDULE (G.) Mortgagees.

Name. Amount. Securities.

William Baker and Philip Barnes Broad, Esquires. One thousand Pounds - Mortgage of Potworks occupied by Sampson Bridgwood, and Two Dwelling Houses occupied by Samuel Baker and Thomas Dawes, and Part of Butchery and Butter Market.

John Harvey, Esquire - One thousand Pounds - Mortgage ditto.

Same One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds. On Notes of the present Trustees for the Proprietors.

William Copestake Five hundred Pounds - Ditto.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. vii.

An Act for improving the Drainage of Feltwell Second District in the County of Norfolk, and for amending the Acts relating to the same.

[11th May 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for 13G. 3. C. 45. draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers or Drains called Stoke River and Brandon River and a certain Level or District called Feltwell New District, and the Hard Lands of Woodhall in Helgay and Helgay in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, whereby certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds therein described were made One general District, for the Purpose of scouring, deepening, maintaining, and supporting the old Sewer or Drain called Sam's Cut otherwise Sam's Cut Drain, and a certain Sluice called Hunt's Sluice, at the End thereof next the River Ouse, and were also thereby made Two separate Districts or Divisions, for the Purpose of embanking and draining the same, and such Part and so much of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds bounded and described as follows; (that is to say,) from Wilton Load along the North Side of Brandon River to the new Bank at Feltwell New District, and along the said Bank to Sam’s Cut or Drain on the South Side thereof, and [Local.] N from

50

12° VICTORIA, Cup.vii.

from thence along the same Drain to Stake Load, and on the South Side of Stake Load aforesaid to the Hard Lands of Feltwell, and along the Hard Lands of Feltwell Saint Mary, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, and Hockwold-with- Wilton, to Wilton Load aforesaid, containing about Six thousand Acres, were thereby called and taken to be the Second District or Division: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, 4‘iG. 3. c. 24. intituled An Act for amending and rendering more effectual so much of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4 An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen 4 Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the 4 Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between 4 certain old Rivers or Drains called Stoke River and Brandon River 4 and a certain Level or District called Feltwell New District and the Hard Lands of Woodhall in Helgay and Helgay in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk,’ as relates to the Fen and Low Grounds lying within the Second District or Division described in the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said firstly-recited Act, so far as the same relate to the said Second District or Division, and also that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said secondly-recited Act, should be altered, amended, and enlarged, and that further Powers should be granted for raising an additional Sum of Money for more effectually draining and improving the Lands and Grounds comprised in the said Second District or Division, and for the proper Maintenance of the Works within the same; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliaments May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Certain and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions, Matters, Provisions of and Things contained in the said firstly-recited Act, so far as the recited Acts same relate to the said Second District or Division, and all the Pro-t his* Act. l° visions. Matters, and Things contained in the said secondly-recited Act, so far as the same are now in force, (and except such of them as are by this Act altered or otherwise provided for,) shall extend to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same Provisions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

So much of

II. And be it enacted, That so much of the said recited Act passed first-recited in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third as toL^mdiuon enacts " l*iat any Action, Suit, or Information should be comet AMions " menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything

repealed. " done or to be done in pursuance of that Act, every such Action or

" Suit should be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and should be laid or 44 brought in the particular County or Liberty where such Offence " should be supposed to have been done, but not elsewhere • and the 44 Defendant or Defendants in such Actions or Suits should and might plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin might justify and avow by virtue of that Act as Persons acting by Authority 44 of Commissioners of Sewers were enabled to do, and give the special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, at " any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fact alleged to have

" been

51

12° VICTORIA, Cap.yii.

" been done was done in pursuance and by Authority of that Act;

" and if the same should appear to have been so done, or if any " such Action or Suit should be brought after the Time for bringing " the same, or should be brought in any other County, Liberty, or " Place as aforesaid, then the Jury should find for the Defendant or " Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; but if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs " should become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontine his,

" her, or their Suit or Suits, or if any Verdict should pass against him,

" her, or them upon Demurrer, then and in any of the said Cases the " Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, should recover " Double Costs, for which he, she, or they should have the like " Remedy as where Costs by Law were awarded;" and so much of So much of the said recited Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of necked Act King George the Third as enacts, " that if any Person or Persons

as inflicts a

" should wilfully and maliciously burn, cut, throw down, break down, Penalty on " or otherwise destroy any Bank, Mill Hill, Mill, Engine, Flood- destroying " gate, Tunnel, or Sluice, already erected, supported, maintained, or re"

" used, or which should at any Time or Times thereafter be making,

" erecting, or be made or erected, supported, maintained, or usetl, by " virtue of that Act and the Act therein recited, made in the " Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either " of them, within the Limits of the said Second District, for draining " or preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the same, or " for other the Purposes of the said recited Act made in the " Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of that " Act, or either of them, every Person so offending, and being thereof " convicted, should be subject and liable to the like Pains and " Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom " such Person should be tried and convicted should have Power and " Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as " Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of " this Realm, or, in mitigation of such Punishment, such Court " might, if the}" thought fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs " in Cases of Petty Larceny; and that if any Action or Suit should " be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, Bodies " Politic or Corporate, for anything done in pursuance of that Act,

" every such Action or Suit should be brought or commenced within " Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or in case " there should be a Continuation of Damages, then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage should

" have ceased, and not afterwards, and should be laid and brought

" in the County where the Matter in dispute or Cause of Action

" should arise, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit

" should be brought before Thirty Days Notice should have been " given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered, or after the " Time so limited for bringing the same, or in any other County or " Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury " should find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or " Plaintiffs should become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his,

" her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants " should have appeared, or if a Verdict should pass against the " Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment " should be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or " Defendants should have Double Costs, and should have such

52

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms used in this Act.

■Provisions in secondly-recited Act as to Meeting of Commissioners repealed.

Construction of Term " Feltwell Second District Commissioners."

Two General Meetings to be held annually.

All other Meetings to be held pursuant to secondly-recited Act.

Power to appoint

Committees.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xii.

" Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant had for Costs " of Suit in other Cases by Law shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act for any Purposes whatsoever it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Feltwell Second District Drainage Act, 1849-"

IV. And be it enacted, That in this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females:

The Word " Person " shall include any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Civil or Ecclesiastical, Aggregate or Sole:

The Word " Lands " shall extend to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of any Tenure:

The Word " County " shall include any Division of a County.

V. And be it enacted, That so much of the said secondly-recited Act as enacts, " that the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of " them, should meet twice in every Year at the Cock Inn in Feltwell " aforesaid, or at such other Place within or near to the said Second " District as the said Commissioners should from Time to Time " appoint, on the Second Monday in the Month of April and the " Second Monday in the Month of October in each and every Year," shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Words " Feltwell Second District Commissioners " shall for all Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, be taken to mean the Commissioners acting in Execution of and under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Feltwell Second District Commissioners shall hold Two General Meetings in every Year on the Third Mondays in the Months of April and October, and that such Meetings shall be holden at some Inn or convenient Place in Feltwell in the County of Norfolk; and in case Five Commissioners shall not be present at such Meetings the same shall be adjourned by the Commissioners present, or the Clerk to the said Commissioners, to any Time, and to any Inn or convenient Place in Feltwell aforesaid, that may be thought expedient; and all other Meetings shall be holden by the said Feltwell Second District Commissioners, and Notices thereof, and of the said General Meetings and adjourned Meetings, shall be given in manner provided by the said secondly-recited Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Feltwell Second District Commissioners at any Meeting to appoint One or more Committee or Committees, consisting of not less than Five of the Commissioners, for carrying into effect any of the Provisions

53

12° VICTORIA, Cap• vii.

visions of this Act and the said recited Acts, or either of them, and at any Meeting to continue, alter, or discontinue any such Committee, but no such Committee shall be appointed to act for a longer Term than until the General Meeting of the Commissioners next following its Appointment; and the said Commissioners may make such Allowance for any reasonable Expenses incurred by such Committees as they may think expedient.

IX. And be it enacted, That no Business shall be transacted at Quorum of any Meeting of any Committee unless Three Members of the Com- Committees, mittee be present.

X. And be it enacted, That the said Feltwell Second District Power to Commissioners shall annually tax, charge, and assess all the Fen

Lands and Low Grounds, Commons, Commonable and Waste Lands, a purti,er within the aforesaid Boundary of the said Second District, with an Tax on Acre Tax not exceeding in any Year Five Shillings nor less than Lands.

Four Shillings, and in such Proportions for less than an Acre, in addition to the Acre Taxes imposed upon the said Lands and Grounds, or any of them, under the Authorities of the said recited Acts; and the said Tax to be imposed under the Authority of this Act shall be called " The Further Taxand such Tax shall be payable at the same Times and Places respectively, and to the same Persons respectively, and in the same Manner in all respects as the several Taxes authorized to be imposed, charged, and assessed upon the said Lands and Low Grounds, or any of them, by the said recited Acts, are thereby taxed, charged, and assessed, and directed to be paid.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commission-Feltwell Second District Commissioners at any Time to tax, charge, t°ctax or assess any Part or Parts of the Lands or Grounds in Feltwell afore- CaIlfid’"The said called " The Poors Commons," containing Three hundred and Poor's Com-Sixty Acres or thereabouts, and bounded by a Ditch called Mott's mons-" Dyke towards the North and North-west, by a Drain called the

New Drain or the Cross Drain towards the South-east, and by the Ditch called Stake Load towards the South-west, or the Common situate in Hockwold aforesaid called the " Poor’s Common," and containing about Thirty Acres, which shall be dug for Fuel for the Use of the Poor, with any Taxes directed or authorized to be imposed by the said first-recited Act and this Act, or either of them, so long and as often as such Part or Parts of the said Lands or Grounds and the said last-mentioned Common shall be so dug up for Fuel for the Use of the Poor: Provided always, that the Trustees or Feoffees of the said Lands, Grounds, or Commons, when the said Land shall be so dug up, shall make and maintain a proper and sufficient Bank or other Works to prevent any Water from flowing or passing from the same into the said Second District during the Time the said Lands, Grounds, or Commons shall be dug up as aforesaid : Provided also, that the total Quantity of Land in Feltwell aforesaid so to be exempted from Taxation shall not at any Time exceed Sixty Acres, unless the Trustees of the said Land called the Poor’s Commons shall at any Time claim to have any greater Quantity of Land exempted, in which Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and the said Feltwell Second [Loccr/.] 0 District

54 12° VICTORIA, Cap. vii.

District Commissioners from Time to Time to agree upon and determine the Quantity of Land to be exempted from such Taxes, and to vary such Quantity as they may think fit; and in case any Difference of Opinion shall at any Time arise between the said Trustees and the Commissioners thereon, the Matter in difference shall be referred to the Determination of some Person to be appointed by the Parties so differing, or in case they shall not agree upon such Appointment, then by the Chairman for the Time being of the Board of Guardians of the Poor Law Union comprising the Parishes of Feltwell; and the Award or Decision of such Referee in Writing shall be final and conclusive.

Power to

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Feltwell assess an Ad- Second District Commissioners from Time to Time, as often as they welf1 stU s*ia" annually to tax, charge, and assess upon all the Lands

Further Tax. ant* Grounds to be assessed with the said Further 'lax a Tax not exceeding in any Year Two Shillings and Sixpence per Acre, and so in proportion for any less Quantity, such Tax to be called " The Additional Tax," and to be taxed, charged, and assessed upon the Lands and Ground hereby charged therewith in like Manner and to be paid at the same Times and Places and to the same Persons respectively as the said Further Tax is hereby directed to be taxed, charged, assessed, and paid: Provided always, that no such Additional Tax shall in the first instance be imposed, unless at a Special Meeting of the said Commissioners to be called for that Purpose Three Fourths in Value of the Commissioners present at such Meeting shall consent or vote for the same, such Value to be ascertained according to the Assessments or Taxation made by the said Feltwell Second District Commissioners of the Lands and Grounds within the said District under this and the said recited Acts.

Power to

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Feltwell borrow Mo- Second District Commissioners from Time to Time to borrow, at ney on the Interest, on the Credit of the several Taxes by this Act directed or Taxes of authorized to be imposed, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds; and for securing the Repayment of the Sum or Sums so borrowed, with Interest, the said Commissioners, or any Five of them present at any Meeting, may assign the several Taxes by this Act directed or authorized to be imposed, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, with all proper Powers or Remedies for recovering and enforcing Payment thereof, to the Person who shall lend such Money, or some Person appointed by him.

Power to

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Feltwell

borrow fur- Second District Commissioners from Time to Time to borrow, at the Credit of on the Credit of the Additional Tax by this Act directed or the Addi- authorized to be imposed, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding tional Tax. in the whole the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, in addition to any other Monies authorized to be borrowed under the Provisions of this Act; and for securing the Repayment of the Sum or Sums so borrowed, with Interest, the said Commissioners, or any Five of them present at any Meeting, may assign the Additional Tax by this Act

directed

55

12° VICTORIA, Cap. vii.

directed or authorized to be imposed, or any Part thereof, with all proper Powers or Remedies for recovering and enforcing Payment thereof, to the Person who shall lend such Money, or some Person appointed by him, in like Manner as is herein or in the said recited Acts or either of them provided with respect to any Monies borrowed under the Provisions thereof, or of either of them.

XV. And be it enacted, That if the said Feltwell Second District Commissioners shall be able to borrow any Sum of Money at a lower Rate of Interest than any subsisting Securities given or made by them shall bear, it shall be lawful for them from Time to Time to borrow the same, as they shall think proper, on the Credit of all or any of the Taxes by the said recited Acts or this Act directed or authorized to be imposed on which such subsisting Securities shall be charged, but so that there shall not be more Money so borrowed than was at the Time owing on such Securities; and it is hereby declared, that the Money to be borrowed under the present Provision, and the Interest for the same, may be secured by an Assignment by the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, of the said Taxes, charged with such subsisting Securities or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, with all Powers and Remedies whatsoever for recovering and enforcing Payment thereof, in like Manner in all respects as is herein-before provided as to the said Sum of Eight thousand Pounds and the Interest thereof.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Feltwell Second District Commissioners from Time to Time to borrow, at Interest, on the Credit of the Taxes hereby or by the said recited Acts or either of them directed or authorized to be levied by them, or of either of the said Taxes, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, any Sum or Sums which they may think necessary to be raised for the Purpose of paying off any Sum or Sums which may have been previously borrowed under any of the Powers herein or in the said recited Acts or either of them contained (and all the Powers and Provisions herein-before or in the said recited Acts or either of them given and contained with respect to any Monies authorized to be borrowed shall apply to the Monies borrowed under this present Provision) : Provided always, that the Taxes hereby authorized to be imposed shall not be charged with any existing Mortgage Debt of the said Commissioners, nor shall the Taxes authorized to be imposed by the said recited Acts or either of them be charged with any future Mortgage Debt of the said Commissioners.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think lit so to do, at any Time or Times to receive from any Person who may be desirous of advancing the same, the Amount of the Taxes, or any of them, to which any Land belonging to him may be liable to be assessed under the said recited Acts or this Act, for any Year or Number of Years, and to allow Discount for the same at such Rate, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, as may be agreed upon by the said Commissioners and the Person making such Payment, from the Time the same shall be made to the Time when the Taxes so paid in advance would be payable

under

Power to borrow Money atalower Kate of Interest to pay off any Debt bearing a higher Rate.

Power to borrow Money to pay off any existing Debt.

Power to Commissioners to receive Taxes in advance, allowing Discount for the same.

5G

12° VICTORIA, Cap. vii.

under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them; and every Receipt for any Sum so paid in advance shall be a Discharge for the Taxes in respect of which the Payment shall have been made.

Power to

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every Tenant and Lessee of Land Tenants of taxable under this Act shall have the same Powers and Remedies for Land to de- the Deduction of the Taxes imposed by this Act from the Rents paidb/thwn Paya^e by them as are given by the said secondly-recited Act with from Kents, respect to the Taxes imposed by that Act.

Application

XIX. And be it enacted, That any Sums of Money which may be ot Money received by the said Commissioners under the Powers herein con-advance of ta'net' 'n advance of any Taxes imposed by the said recited Acts or Taxes. either of them shall be applied in discharge of any Debts due or

charged upon such Taxes; and that any Sums of Money which may be received by them in advance of any Taxes charged by this Act shall, in case any Debts charged on such Taxes shall remain due, be applied in discharge of such Debts.

Period when

XX. And be it enacted, That when and so soon as all the Mortgage Taxesautho- Debts of the said Commissioners now existing, and any Monies which raised'b ^ may be borrowed for discharging the same, shall be fully paid and recited Acts satisfied, the Power and Authority given by the said recited Acts or are to cease, either of them for charging and assessing the said Taxes thereby authorized to be imposed shall cease and determine.

What Maps,

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Feltwell Surreys, &c. geconcj District Commissioners to adopt and make use of any existing ^carrying Surveys, Maps, and Plans, parochial or otherwise, of all or any Part into effect of the Lands or Grounds by this Act made liable to the Payment of Provisions of any Tax or Assessment; and the said Commissioners may, in their this Act. Discretion, from Time to Time order and direct all or any Part of such Lands or Grounds to be surveyed and mapped; and it shall be lawful for any Person employed on such Survey, Map, or Plan to enter on any taxable Lands or Grounds for that Purpose; and a Copy of or Extract from any Survey, Map, or Plan, so adopted or made use of, and also the said last-mentioned Survey or Map, when authenticated to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, and signed by any Five or more of them, shall be binding on the several Persons charged with the Payment of such Taxes and Assessments for their several Lands and Grounds, and shall be admitted in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cases, Suits, and Actions touching anythin'’- done in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them.

Power to

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said reduce com- Feltwood Second District Commissioners, at any of their Meetings waywmd' to from Time to Time to order the common Droveways belonging'"to sell surplus the Commissioners within the said District, or any Parts thereof, to be Lands. reduced in Width to such an Extent as that no Part of such Drove-ways shall be less than Forty Feet wide, and thereupon to order all such Parts of the said Droveways as shall not be situate within the reduced Boundary thereof to be sold and absolutely disposed of, in

5 such

57

12° VICTORIA, Cap. vii.

such Portions and Parcels and in such Manner as to them, in their Discretion, shall appear most advantageous and expedient, and either by public Auction or private Contract; and it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, pursuant to an Order in that Behalf made at some Meeting of the said Commissioners, to sign, seal, and execute all necessary Agreements, Conveyances, and Assurances for conveying the Right, Title, and Interest of the said Commissioners in the said Portions of the said Droveways so sold to the respective Purchasers thereof; and all such Conveyances, Agreements, and Assurances shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Prtmded nevertheless, that no Order for Sale of any Part of the said Droveways shall at any Time be made by the said Commissioners unless Notice of the Intention of proposing the Sale thereof shall be stated in the Notices convening the Meeting at which such Proposal is intended to be taken into consideration; provided further, that previously to any such Sale the said Commissioners shall offer to the respective Owners of the Land adjoining the same such Portions of the Droveways so to be sold as may adjoin their respective Properties, at such Prices as the said Commissioners may think fit; and that it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to sell the same, either by private Contract or by public Auction, to any Person or Persons, at less Prices than the respective Proprietors of the adjoining Lands shall offer to give for the same, and for which they shall complete the Purchases thereof within a reasonable Time, to be fixed by the said Commissioners.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Chairman of the Court of Auditortobe Quarter Sessions for the Time being for the said County of Norfolk appointed, shall and he is hereby required from Time to Time to nominate some

fit and proper Person to be Auditor of the Accounts of the said Felt-well Second District Commissioners; and the Person so to be nominated shall on his Appointment make and sign, before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, a solemn Declaration that he will faithfully and impartially, according to the best of his Skill and Judgment, execute the Powers and Authorities reposed in him as Auditor by virtue of this Act; and the Auditor so appointed shall receive from the said Feltwell Second District Commissioners a reasonable Remuneration for his Time and Trouble, not exceeding Two Guineas for every Day he shall be fully employed on such Audit, and all such Expenses as he shall be put unto attending the auditing of such Accounts.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Auditor so nominated shall Auditor to attend, as soon as conveniently may be after the General Meetings of 'nsPect Ac-the Feltwell Second District Commissioners, at their Office, or at some inJed’isap-’ other convenient Place to be appointed by them, and from Time to proves of any Time shall, in the Presence of their Clerk, if he desire to be present, Part, may proceed to audit the Accounts of the Commissioners for the Half appeal Year preceding the said General Meeting; and the Commissioners to Quarter^ shall by their Clerk produce and lay before such Auditor the Accounts Sessions, allowed and passed at such General Meeting, together with proper Vouchers in support of the same, and all Books, Papers, and Writings

in their Custody or Power relating thereto; and any Person inte-[LocaF] P rested

5S 12° VICTORIA, Cap. vn.

rested in the said Account, either as a Creditor of the Commissioners or as a Tax-payer, may be present at the Audit of the said Accounts, by himself or his Agent, and may make any Objection to any Part of such Account; and if the said Accounts be found correct, such Auditor shall sign the same, in token of his Allowance thereof; but if such Auditor think there is just Cause to disapprove of any Part of the said Accounts, he, or any other Person interested in the said Accounts as aforesaid, may appeal against any such Parts of the said Accounts as shall be so disapproved of to One of the Two next Quarter Sessions for the County of Norfolk, Notice in Writing of sifth Appeal being given to the Clerk of the Commissioners Fourteen Days at the least before the Hearing of such Appeal.

Court may

XXV. And be it enacted, That upon the Hearing of any such adjudicate Appeal the Justices may make such Order as they think proper on

on Appeal, t|)e Matter so appealed against, and also on the Payment of the Payment "of Costs of the Appellant by the Feltwell Second District Commissioners, the Costs. as they think fit; and every such Order shall be final.

Annual Account to be prepared, and transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, and to be open to Inspection.

Penalty on Omission.

Portion of Land described in 46G.3. c. 95. in Two Districts taken out of One District.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Feltwell Second District Commissioners shall every Year cause an annual Account in abstract to be prepared, showing the total Receipt and Expenditure of all Funds levied by them by virtue of this and the said recited Acts for some Year ending on a Day down to which their Accounts shall have been made up, under the several distinct Heads of Receipt and Expenditure, with a Statement of the Balance of such Account, duly audited and certified by the Chairman of the Commissioners and by the said Auditor, and shall send a Copy of the said Account, free of Charge, to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, on or before the Thirtieth Day of January in each Year, which Account shall be open to the Inspection of the Public at all reasonable Hours, on Payment of the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection; and if the Commissioners shall omit to prepare and transmit such Account as aforesaid they shall be liable for every such Omission to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds.

XXVII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sam’s Cut Drain, it was enacted, that the said Act should be put in execution for more effectually draining and preserving the Fen Lands in that Part of the Great Level of the lens called the South Level lying and being in the several Parishes of Feltwell Saint Mary, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, Hock-wold-curn-Wilton, Metliwold, Helgay, and Southery, in the County of Norfolk, containing Seven thousand Acres or thereabouts, which Fen Lands were bounded as follows; that is to say, from the North Bank of Brandon River, about Iwo Furlongs below Redmoor House alone a certain Drain or Ditch called the Twelve Foot Drain to a decayed Sewer called S ake Load, and by the said Load to the Drain called Sam s Cut, and along the South Side of the said Drain to the East

5 Bank

59

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xii.

Bank of the River Ouse, and then along the said Bank to Brandon Creek's End, and from thence along the North Bank of Brandon River to the Twelve Foot Drain aforesaid: And whereas a certain triangular Portion of the last-mentioned Fen Lands, containing about Five hundred and fifty Acres, and bounded in part on the West by the said Twelve Foot Drain, and on the other Part by the Bank of the New Fen, or First District, on the North-east by Sam’s Cut, and on the South and South-west by Stake Load, also forms Part of the Fen Lands within the said Second District or Division which are authorized to be embanked and drained under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, and it is expedient that the said Portion of Land should be taken out of the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners for executing the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty : Be it therefore enacted, That the Portion of the said Fen Lands so described as aforesaid as being within such Two Boundaries or Jurisdictions shall from henceforth cease to be within or in any way subject to the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act, or of the Commissioners for executing the same.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses uf Expenses of and incidental to the obtaining and passing of this Act Act-

shall be paid by the said Feltwell Second District Commissioners out of any Money in their Hands, or out of the first Money they may receive, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all the Estates and Interests, Saving the Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of any Act of Parliament or otherwise are now vested in the &c, of nej. Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators ford Level, of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, shall be in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and the Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, as fully as if this Act had not been passed.

XXX. Saving always to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, Her General Heirs and Successors, and all and every other Persons, Bodies Politic, ®aving‘ Collegiate, and Corporate, and their Heirs, Successors, Administrators,

or Assigns, all such Estates, Rights, and Interests not prejudicial to the said Drainage as they had and enjoyed of, in, to, or out of or in respect of the Lands, Grounds, and Premises hereby intended to be drained and improved before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case the same had not been passed.

[Public Act.]

XXXI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

JZ>

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. viii.

An Act for lighting with Gas and supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Darlington and the Suburbs thereof in the County of Durham.

[11th May 1849.]

WHEREAS certain Persons in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-six formed themselves into an Association or Company, under the Title of "The Darlington Gas Company," for the Purpose of manufacturing or making Gas, and therewith lighting the Streets, Houses, and other Places of the Parish of Darlington in the County of Durham, and the Parishes and Places adjoining or near thereto, and for other Purposes incident to such Manufacture: And whereas the Persons so associated have been since the Formation of such Company and now are engaged in the Manufacture or making of Gas, and in such lighting as aforesaid, so far as respects the Town and Borough of Darlington and the Suburbs thereof in the said Parish of Darlington; and it would be of great public Advantage if more effectual Powers were granted for such lighting, and for extending the Supply of Gas to other Parts of the said Suburbs : And whereas the said Town and Borough of Darlington and the Suburbs thereof are not at present sufficiently supplied with Water, and the making of Waterworks for effectually supplying the same would be [Loca/.] Q of

62

8 & 9 Vict, cc. 16. & 18. and 10 & 11 Vict. cc. 15. & 17. incorporated with this Act.

Interpretation of Act.

Town Commissioners.

[Short Title.]

l-imits of the Act.

Subscribers

incorporated.

12° VICTORIAE, Cap. xiii.

of great public Advantage: And whereas the several Persons hereinafter named, with others, are willing at their own Expense to carry into execution the Purposes aforesaid; but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Acts of Parliament following, that is to say, "The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," "The Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847," and "The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847," shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act, except so far as the same several Acts or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, are inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act or any of them, or are expressly varied or altered by this Act: Provided always, that nothing in " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," or this Act, contained, shall confer on the Company hereby incorporated Power to take Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by Compulsion for the Purposes of supplying the Inhabitants within the Limits of this Act with Gas, or, for the Purpose of supplying the Inhabitants within the Limits of this Act with Water, to take any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments except such as are mentioned in the Book of Reference deposited as herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it enacted, That in construing this Act and the several Acts incorporated herewith the Expression "the Undertaking" shall mean as well the Gasworks and Waterworks, and Works connected therewith respectively, by this Act authorized to be constructed, and each of them, as also the Gasworks and Works vested in the Undertakers by this Act; and the Expression "the Undertakers" shall mean the Company incorporated by this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That the Expression "Town Commissioners" shall mean the several Persons or Parties for the Time being having the Charge, Control, or Management of the Streets and Roads of the several Parishes and Places respectively within the Limits of this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression "The Darlington Gas and Waterworks Act, 1849."

V. And be it enacted, That the Limits of this Act shall be deemed and taken to extend to and shall comprise and include the whole of the Town and Borough of Darlington, and the several Places in the Suburbs thereof and adjacent" thereto, such Town, Borough, and Places comprising the several Parishes, Townships, and extra-parochial or other Places of Darlington, Darlington Bond gate otherwise Bondgate in Darlington, Darlington Borough Prebend Bow Pnestgate, Blackwell, Cockerton, Haughton, and I laughton-le- bkerne, all in the said County of Durham.

\ I. And be it enacted, That William Backhouse, John Church Backhouse, John Hardcastle Bowman, John Buckton, Joseph Forster,

John

63

12° VICTORIA, Cap.yiii

John Castell Hopkins, Francis Kipling, Alfred, Kitching, Michael Middleton, James Overend, John Sheilds Peacock, Edward Pease, John Pease, Joseph Pease, Henry Pease, Nathaniel Plews, William Robinson, Robert Thompson, William Thompson, and Christopher Wat kin, and all other Persons and Corporations who have already subscribed or shall hereafter subscribe to the Undertaking by this Act authorized, and their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns respectively, shall be and they are hereby united and incorporated into a Company for the Purpose of supplying with Gas and Water the Inhabitants, Buildings, and Lands within the Limits of this Act, and for other the Purposes herein and in the said recited Acts contained, under the Name of " The Darlington Gas and Water Company," and by that Name shall be a Body Corporate, with perpetual Succession, and shall and may sue and be sued, and shall have Power to purchase and hold Lands for the Purposes of the Undertaking, within the Restrictions and Provisions herein and in the said incorporated Acts contained.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Capital of the Company shall be Twenty-five thousand Pounds.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Number of Shares into which the said Capital shall be divided shall be Two thousand, and the Amount of each Share shall be Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings.

IX. And be it enacted, That no Person shall at any Time hereafter hold more than One hundred Shares in the said Undertaking, otherwise than by Bequest, Marriage, or by virtue of the Statute of Distribution of Intestates Effects, or by original Allotment or Subscription : Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any Person who may, by Bequest, Marriage, or by virtue of the Statute of Distribution of Intestates Effects, acquire or become possessed of a greater Number of Shares than One hundred, to continue to hold such greater Number of Shares for a Period exceeding Two Years from the Date of the Registration of such Shares in the Name of such Person; and if any Person shall continue to hold such greater Number of Shares beyond Two Years the Company may, if they think fit, sell such greater Number held by such Person by public Auction, and shall pay the Proceeds, deducting the Expense of such Sale, to such Person whose Shares shall be so sold, upon Demand; or if such Shares shall belong to an Infant, Lunatic, or Person under any legal Disability, the Proceeds of such Sale, after deducting the Expenses of Sale, shall be paid to the Guardian, Committee, or Trustees of such Person, as the Case may be, on Demand, or shall, in case the same shall exceed Two hundred Pounds, be paid into the Court of Chancery, for the Benefit of such Infant, Lunatic, or Person under legal Disability, and may be invested, disposed of, or applied for the Benefit of such Infant, Lunatic, or Person under Disability in such Manner as the said Court of Chancery shall think fit.

X. And be it enacted, That One Pound per Share shall be the greatest Amount of any One Call which the Company may make

upon

Amount of Capital.

Shares.

Limiting Number of Shares to be held.

Calls.

64

Power to borrow Money on Mortgage.

12° VICTORIA, Cnp.viii.

upon the Shareholders, and that Two Months at the least shall intervene between the making of any Two successive Calls.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to borrow on Mortgage or Bond any Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight thousand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds; but no Part of such Sum shall be raised until the whole of the said Capital or Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed for, and One Half thereof shall have been actually paid up.

Number and

XII. And be it enacted, That (subject to the Provisions herein Qualification contained for increasing or reducing the Number of Directors) the of Directors. Number of Directors shall be Nine, and the Qualification of a Director shall be the Possession in his own Right of Ten Shares in the Undertaking.

Power to vary the Number of Directors.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company from Time to Time to increase the Number of Directors, and from Time to Time to reduce such Number; but the whole Number of Directors after such an Increase or Reduction as aforesaid shall not be greater than Twelve nor less than Nine.

First Di-

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said John Hardcastle Bowman, rectors. John Buckton, John Castell Hopkins, Francis Kipling, Michael Middleton, James Overend, John Pease, Henry Pease, and Robert Thompson, shall be the first Directors of the Company.

Quorum of Directors.

XV. And be it enacted, That a Quorum of a Meeting of Directors shall be Five.

Committees

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Number of Directors of which of Directors. Qommjttees appointed by the Directors shall consist shall not be less than Three nor more than Five, and the Quorum of such Committee shall be Two.

Quorum of Meetings.

Scale of voting.

Appointment of Auditors.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Quorum for every Meeting of the Company shall be Ten Shareholders holding in the aggregate not less than Two thousand Pounds in the Capital of the Company.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Scale according to which the Shareholders may vote in respect to their Shares shall be as follows; (that is to say,) for One Share or more, but not exceeding Twenty, One Vote in respect of each Share, and for more than Twenty Shares an additional Vote for every Three Shares.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Number of Auditors shall be Two, and that the said William Thompson and William Robinson shall be the first Auditors of the Company.

Qualification

XX. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of being of Auditors. an Auditor unless he be a Shareholder possessed in his own Rmht of not less than Ten Shares in the Undertaking.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xiii.

65

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Secretary of the Company Appoint-shall from Time to Time be appointed by the Directors, and the ™e"t ofr Amount of his Salary or Remuneration shall be fixed and deter- ‘ '' mined by them.

XXII. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Restrictions and Declaration Limitations in the said Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, and the said Dividends. Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, contained as to the maximum Amount of Profits to be divided among the Undertakers by way

of Dividend in any Year, the Amount of Dividend to be from Time to Time declared and divided shall be fixed and determined by the Directors.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Newspaper or Newspapers Newspaper in which Advertisements relating to the Affairs of the Company are for Insertion to be inserted shall be some Newspaper or Newspapers printed within °isemev®,r* the said Town of Darlington, and if no Newspaper shall be printed

within the said Town, then in some Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated within the same Town.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Com- Power to pany to agree with the Owners of any Lands or Buildings which purchase they may think requisite or proper for the Purpose of making or supplying Gas within the Limits of this Act for the absolute Purchase for a Consideration in Money, or for a Lease on such Terms as may be agreed on, of any such Lands or Buildings, or such Part thereof as they shall think proper; and that it shall be lawful for all or any of the Parties who by the said " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," are empowered to sell and convey or release, to agree for and execute any such Lease as aforesaid : Provided always, that the Consideration for any Lease which shall be granted of any such Lands in which any Person under Disability shall be interested shall be the best yearly Rent, payable half-yearly or oftener, that can be reasonably obtained, without taking any Money by way of Fine or Premium : Provided also, that where any Lands or Buildings shall be taken on Lease by virtue of this Act the Company shall afterwards have Power to purchase the Reversion of such Lands, or the Discharge thereof from the Rents and Covenants reserved and payable in and by such Lease.

XXV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all Main Pipes and other Pipes and Works laid down or placed in the several Streets, Roads, Ways, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Limits of this Act, and belonging to the said Company called " The Darlington Gas Company," and all Retorts, Purifiers, Gasholders, Receivers, Cisterns, Engines, Machines, Pipes, Posts, Lamp Irons, Lamps, Lands, Tenements, Erections, Buildings, Matters, and Things, Monies, Stocks, Funds, and Securities, the Property of or belonging or due to or vested in the said Company called "The Darlington Gas Company," or any Trustee or Trustees on their Behalf, and all Leases vested in the same Company, or such Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, at the Time of the passing of this Act, and all the Rights, Privileges, Powers, and [Local.] R Authorities

Vesting present Gas Works and other Property in the Company hereby incorporated.

(56 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xHi.

Authorities relating to the said Darlington Gas Company, or any of them, given to or vested in the said Darlington Gas Company, shall (subject to the existing Debts, Liabilities, Engagements, Contracts, Obligations, and Incumbrances respectively affecting the same,) be and be held to be and the same are hereby vested in the said Darlington Gas and Water Company hereby incorporated, and may be lawfully held, used, exercised, and enjoyed, by and in the Name of the Darlington Gas and Water Company, in the same Manner and to the same Extent as the said Darlington Gas Company could have held, used, exercised, and enjoyed the same in the Name of the said Darlington Gas Company, or in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons in trust for such Company or for their Benefit, if this Act had not been passed, (save only so far as the Use, Exercise, and Enjoyment of such Rights, Powers, Authorities, and Privileges may be inconsistent with the Provisions and Purposes of this Act, or the said Acts hereby incorporated therewith, or any of them); and from and after the passing of this Act the said Darlington Gas Company shall be and the same is hereby dissolved.

Debts,

XXVI. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in this

Rents, &c. Act contained, all Debts which at or immediately before the pass-toiiGasng' inS this -Act shall be due from or to the said Darlington Gas Company Company shall be payable and paid, together with all Interest, if transferred any, due or to accrue due thereon, by or to the Company hereby to Company incorporated, and all Rates and Duties which at or immediately I-orporated. before the passing of this Act shall be due and payable or accruing due and payable to the Darlington Gas Company shall be due and payable from or to the Company hereby incorporated, and shall and may be recovered from or by the said last mentioned Company.

Effect of

XXVII. And be it enacted, That all Conveyances, Contracts, Convey- Agreements, Obligations, Bonds, Covenants, Liabilities, and Secu-fraas r*t,es uiade or entered into before the passing of this Act, to,

of or to the with, by, or for the said Darlington Gas Company, shall, subject Darlington to the Provisions in this Act contained, be and remain as good,

Gas Com- valid, and effectual, for or against or with reference to the Company

ed^oUie611 hereby incorporated, to all Intents and Purposes as if the last-men-Company tioned Company had been Party to and had executed the same,

hereby in- or had been named or referred to therein instead of the said Dar-

corporated. Ungton Gas Company.

Acts of

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Purchase, Sale,

Ca 'cfm" Conveyance, Surrender, Grant, Lease, Agreement, Security, Right, pany binding Liability, Privilege, Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, already made, on Company done, acknowledged, executed, granted, incurred, obtained, transacted, hereby in- commenced, or instituted by, to, for, or on behalf of, against, or in < orporated. respect of the said Darlington Gas Company shall (subject to the Provisions in this Act contained) be and the same are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual, and of the same Condition and Quality, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, by, to, for, on behalf of, against, 01 in lespect of the Company hereby incorporated, as they respectively 5 were

67

12° VICTORIA, Cap. viii.

were immediately before the passing of this Act with reference to the said Darlington Gas Company, and shall and may (subject as aforesaid) be executed, done, performed, continued, completed, and terminated by, to, for, on behalf of, against, or with respect to the Company hereby incorporated, as fully and effectually as the same could or might have been by and in the Name of the Darlington Gas Company, or by or in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons in trust for or for the Benefit of the Darlington Gas Company, if this Act had not passed.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every Person or Corporation who immediately before the passing of this Act was the Proprietor of One or more Shares in the said Darlington Gas Company upon which the Sum of Eight Pounds had been paid shall be entitled to a like Number of Shares of the nominal Value of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings each in the Capital or Joint Stock of the Company hereby incorporated, which Shares shall be deemed to have been subscribed for, and upon which the whole Amount or Value thereof shall for all Purposes whatsoever be deemed to have been fully paid up, and every such Person or Corporation shall stand and be possessed of every such Share upon the same Trusts and for the same Purposes, and under and subject to the same Powers and Provisions respectively, subject nevertheless to the Provisions of this Act, as the Shares in the said Darlington Gas Company in lieu of which the Shares in the Capital or Joint Stock of the Company hereby incorporated are given as aforesaid were immediately before the passing of this Act held upon and subject or liable to, and so as to give Effect to and not to revoke any Will or other testamentary Disposition made previous to the passing of this Act: Provided always, that every such Person or Corporation who shall at the Time of the passing of this Act have paid up a larger Sum than Eight Pounds per Share in respect of his Share or Shares in the Darlington Gas Company shall be deemed a Creditor of the Company hereby incorporated for the extra Amount so paid.

XXX. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in this and the said incorporated Acts contained, it shall be lawful for the Company to continue the existing Gasworks, and from Time to Time to construct and maintain such other Gasworks and Apparatus, and such Buildings, with Approaches thereto, upon the Lands belonging to the Company, or hereby authorized to be purchased by them by Agreement, and to do all such other Acts as they shall think necessary for supplying the Inhabitants within the Limits of this Act with Gas, and to supply such Gas upon such Terms as shall be agreed upon between the Company and the Persons supplied therewith, and to sell and dispose of the Coke and other Residuum arising from the Materials used in the Manufacture of Gas, and also to manufacture Coke from Coal not used in the Manufacture of Gas, and to sell the same.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the maximum Charge for Gas to be supplied by the Company within the Limits of this Act shall not exceed the Sum of Six Shillings per Thousand Cubic Feet.

Shareholders in the Darlington Gas Company to be entitled to Shares in the new Company.

Power to construct Gasworks.

Maximum Charge for Gas.

f,8 12° VICTORIAE, Cap. viii.

Power to

XXXII. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in Undertakers t],is an(i the incorporated Acts contained, it shall be lawful lor the for'lfghtine Company to lay any Pipe, Branch, or other Apparatus from any Buildings. Main or Branch Pipes into, through, or against any Building, for the

Purpose of lighting the same, and to provide and set up any Apparatus necessary for securing to any Buildings a proper anil complete Supply of Gas, and for measuring and ascertaining the Extent of such Supply.

Penalties imposed by this Act not cumulative.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by the said incorporated Acts, or any of them, for or in respect of the same Act or Default of the Company shall be cumulative on any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed for or in respect of the same Act or Default by any other Act of Parliament, but it shall be lawful for the Company, or for any Person entitled to proceed for any such Penalty or Forfeiture, to elect to proceed under such last-mentioned Act or any of the said incorporated Acts.

cording to

deposited

Plans.

Power to

XXXIV. And whereas Plans and Sections showing the Line

make Water-antl Levels of the Waterworks, and also a Book of Reference

works ac- containing the Names of the Owners and Lessees or reputed Owners and Lessees and of the Occupiers of the Lands and Streams, in or through which the same are intended to be made or to pass, or which are required for the Purposes of the Company, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Durham : Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, subject to the

Provisions and Restrictions in this and the said incorporated Acts contained, to make and maintain the said Waterworks in the Line and on the Levels and upon the Lands delineated on the said Plans and described in the said Book of Reference, and to enter upon, take, and use, or to agree for and take a Lease of, such of the Lands mentioned in the said Plans and Book of Reference as shall be necessary for that Purpose, and also to divert, impound, and take from the Stream called the River Tees, mentioned in the said Plans and Book of Reference, such Water as the Company may require for the Purposes of this and the said incorporated Acts.

In case of

XXXV. And be it enacted, That in every Lease of any Lands by Parties un- any Party under any Disability or Incapacity to sell and convey Lands ability1,8" as defined ty "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," there Lands,’&C. to shall be reserved the best or most usual yearly Rent for or in respect be let at best of such Lands, and that no Fine, Premium, or Foregift shall be paid yearly Rent, upon or in respect of such Lease. ° 1

Owners may

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the Persons empowered by the grant Leases, said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act to convey Lands shall have full Power to grant Leases of any Lands for the Purposes of this Act, or any Easement, Power, or Authority in or over such Lands.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That all Leases of Land to be taken on Lease by virtue of the Powers or Provisions of this or the

Form of Lease.

69

12° VICTORIAE, Cap. viii.

the incorporated Acts may be according to the Form in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Waterworks shall be completed within Five Years from the passing of this Act, and on the Expiration of such Period the Powers by this or the said incorporated Acts granted to the Company for executing such Works, or otherwise in relation thereto, shall cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the said Waterworks as shall then be completed : Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to restrain the Company from extending their Mains and Pipes from Time to Time whenever it shall be necessary for the Purpose of supplying the Inhabitants within the Limits of this Act with Water.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Company shall, at the Request of the Owner or Occupier of any House or Part of a House in any Street in which any Pipe of the Company shall be laid, or of any Person who, under the Provisions of this Act or any Act incorporated herewith, shall be entitled to demand a Supply of Water for domestic Purposes, furnish to such Owner or Occupier or other Person a sufficient Supply of Water for then-domestic Uses at the Rates herein-after specified"; (that is to say,)

If there be no Watercloset or Bath in the Dwelling House to be supplied with Water, then at the following Rates:

Where the annual Value of such House shall not amount to Ten Pounds, at a Rate per Centum per Annum not exceeding Seven Pounds Ten Shillings:

Where the annual Aralue of such Dwelling House shall be Ten Pounds and under Twenty Pounds, at a Rate per Centum per Annum not exceeding Seven Pounds:

Where the annual Value of such Dwelling House shall be Twenty Pounds and under Forty Pounds, at a Rate per Centum per Annum not exceeding Six Pounds Ten Shillings: Where the annual Value of such Dwelling House shall be Forty Pounds and upwards, at a Rate per Centum per Annum not exceeding Six Pounds:

If there be a Watercloset or Waterclosets, or a private Bath or Baths, in such Dwelling House, then, in addition to the Rates above specified, the following Rates shall be payable; (that is to say,)

Where the annual Value of such Dwelling House shall not amount to Ten Pounds per Annum, the Sum of Four Shillings for each such Watercloset and Four Shillings for each such Bath:

Where the annual Value of such Dwelling House shall be Ten Pounds and under Twenty Pounds, the Sum of Six Shillings for each such Watercloset and Six Shillings for each such Bath:

Where the annual Value of such Dwelling House shall be Twenty Pounds and under Forty Pounds, the Sum of Eight [Local] S Shillings

Period within which Waterworks are to be completed

Rate at which Water is to be supplied for domestic Purposes.

Where no Watercloset.

If there be a Water-closet.

70 12° VICTORIAE, Cap. Vm.

Shillings for each such Watercloset and Eight Shillings for each such Bath:

Where the annual Value of such Dwelling House shall be Forty Pounds and upwards, the Sum of Ten Shillings for each such Watercloset and Ten Shillings for each such Bath:

Provided always, that the Company shall not be compelled to supply any Watercloset or Bath, or the Apparatus or Pipes connected therewith, unless the same shall be so constructed and used as to prevent the Waste or undue Consumption of the Water of the Company, and the Return of foul Air and other noisome or impure Matter into the Mains or other Pipes belonging to or connected with the Mains or Pipes of the Company.

What shall

XL. And be it enacted, That a Supply of Water for domestic be domestic Purposes shall not include a Supply of Water for Horses or Cattle, Purposes. or washing Carriages, or for any Trade, Manufacture, or Business whatsoever, or for watering Gardens, or for Fountains, or for any ornamental Purposes whatsoever.

Power to

XLI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Corn-lease the Gas pany to lease the whole or any of the Gas Rates or Rents and Water Rates or Rents payable to the Company by virtue of this Act or otherwise, to any Person or Persons, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, and upon such Rents, Covenants, and Conditions as the Company shall think fit: Provided always, that no such Lease shall defeat or abridge the Power by the said Waterworks Clauses Act given to the Court of Quarter Sessions of directing the Reduction of the Rates, and the Company shall reduce the Rates in the same Manner as they would have done in case no Lease had been granted.

XLII. And with respect to the Supply of Water in pursuance of the Thirty-fifth Section of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, be it enacted, That the Water so to be supplied need not be constantly laid on under a Pressure greater than that to be afforded from the Service Reservoir by this Act authorized to be constructed.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to supply any Person with Water for other than domestic Purposes for iU1 sucl» Remuneration and upon such Terms and Conditions as shall be

he supplied agreed upon between the Company and the Persons desirous of having by Agree- such Supply of Water, ment.

Company not

XLIV. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be SionsTf df or construed to exempt the said Company from the Provisions li & 12 Vict. O' ^‘ie 1 ublic Health Act, 1848," or of any general Act relating c- 63. thereto 01 to the Subject Matter thereof which may pass during the present or any future Session of Parliament.

[Public Act.]

XLV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

or water Rents or Rates.

Constant Pressure to be afforded from Reser-

Water for other than domestic Purnnsps fn

The

12° VICTORIA, Cap.ym.

The SCHEDULE (A.) to which the foregoing Act refers.

Form of Lease.

I of in consideration of the Sum of £ paid to me by or

[as the Case may he] in consideration of the Sum of £ paid to me, and of the Rent herein-after reserved and made payable by the Darlington Gas and Water Company, do hereby demise to the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, all [describing the Premises to he demised], together with all Ways, Rights, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to hold the Premises to the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, for the Term of Years from the Day of the Date hereof, yielding and paying therefor yearly and every Year during the said Term, free from Land Tax, Sewers Rates, and all other Taxes and Outgoings (Property and Income Tax excepted), by equal Payments in the Year,

the first Payment to be made on the Day of

according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Act of Parliament incorporating the said Company. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, and the said Company have hereunto affixed their Common Seal, the Day of

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

v^/

>V

vj 1

2 !. ■

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. ix.

An Act for enabling the Nottingham Gaslight and Coke Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for amending some of the Provisions of the Act relating to such Company.

[11th May 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fiftli and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting more ef- 5 fectual Poivers for lighting with Gas the Town of Nottingham, and c several Parishes and Places adjacent thereto, whereby certain Persons were incorporated by the Name of " The Nottingham Gaslight and Coke Company," and were empowered to light with Gas the District included within the Limits of the said Act, and were empowered to raise the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds by Shares, and the Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds by Mortgage, or by the Creation of new Shares : And whereas the said Company have proceeded to carry the Powers of the said Act into execution, and have raised the said Capital of Forty thousand Pounds, and nearly the whole of the said Sunt of Thirteen thousand Pounds, and have expended the same, and large Sums of Money in addition thereto, for the Purposes of the recited Act: And whereas, by virtue of an Act passed in the Session [Local.] T of

& 6 Vict. . 13.

74

8 & 9 Vict, c. 7. (Priv.)

Powers of recited Act extended to this Act, except as hereby altered.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. ix.

of Parliament held in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, various Streets and Roads are being laid out, and additional Works, Mains, Pipes, and other Works will be required for the Purpose of lighting such Streets and Roads, and the Buildings which may be erected therein, and otherwise in satisfying the increasing Demands and Requirements of the Inhabitants within the Limits of the said firstly-recited Act: And whereas the Capital which the Company are authorized to raise under the Powers of the said firstly-recited Act is insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid : And whereas some of the Provisions of the firstly-recited Act are defective and inconvenient, and it is expedient that the same should be altered, amended, and enlarged; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said firstly-recited Act and now remaining in force, (except such of them as are repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for, or are inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act,) shall extend to this Act, and shall be in force in respect to the Objects and Purposes of this Act as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Provisions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enacted in this Act with express Reference to the Objects and Purposes thereof; and the said firstly-recited Act and this Act shall, as to all Matters and Things whatsoever, (except as aforesaid,) be read and construed together as One Act.

Augments-

II. And whereas the present Share Capital of the Company is tion of Capi- Porty-two thousand five hundred Pounds, consisting of the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds authorized to be raised by the said firstly-recited Act, and of the further Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds arising from the Conversion of Loans into Capital, under or by virtue of the Provisions in such Act contained: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company from Time to Time, by an Order of any Ordinary or Extraordinary Meeting thereof, to raise by the Creation of new Shares, in addition to the said Sums which they have raised by Shares, and also in addition to any Sum which they have raised or may hereafter raise upon Mortgage or Loan under and by virtue of the said firstly-recited Act or this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the further Sum of Forty-two thousand five hundred Pounds.

New Shares to be considered same as original Shares.

III. And be it enacted, That the Capital so to be raised by the Creation of new Shares shall be considered as Part of the general Capital of the Company, and shall be divided into Shares of such nominal Value as the Committee of the Company shall determine, and such new Capital and new Shares shall be subject to the same Provisions in all respects, whether with reference to the Payment of Calls, or the Forfeiture of Shares on Nonpayment of Calls, (in case the whole Amount of such Shares shall not be payable at one Time,) or to

the

75

12° VICTORIA, Cap. ix.

the Limitation of Dividends, or otherwise, as if such Capital had been Part of the original Capital, except as to the Times of mating Calls for such additional Capital, and the Amount of such Calls, which respectively it shall be lawful for the Committee of the Company from Time to Time to fix as they shall think fit.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Committee of the Company shall cause such new Shares, when and as the same shall from Time to Time be issued, to be sold by public Auction, in such Manner and at such Times, and subject to such Conditions, as the said Committee may from Time to Time determine.

V. And be it enacted, That the Intention to sell the said Shares by Auction shall be duly advertised, for Two successive Weeks, in Two or more Newspapers published in the Town of Nottingham; and any Sum of Money which shall arise upon such Sales by way of Premium shall form Part of the said Sum of Forty-two thousand five hundred Pounds hereby authorized to be raised, and shall be expended in paying the Expenses of this Act, or in extending or improving the Works of the Company, or in paying off’ Money borrowed by the Company, under the Powers of this Act, or the firstly-recited Act, and shall not be considered as Part of the Capital of the Company entitled to Dividend.

VI. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall become entitled to any new Share to be created under this Act shall in respect of the same Share he a Shareholder in the Undertaking, and shall be entitled to a Share of the Dividends of the Company in the Proportion which the Amount paid up on such new Shares shall, exclusive of any Premium, bear to the aggregate Amount of the paid-up Capital of the Company for the Time being in respect whereof such Dividends shall be payable; and such new Shares shall also confer on the respective Shareholders or Proprietors thereof Rights of voting and Qualifications in proportion to the Amount paid up on such new Shares, exclusive of any Premium, and not in proportion to the Number thereof; and for such Purposes every entire Sum of Twenty-five Pounds of such Amount so paid up shall be considered as equivalent to One Share of Twenty-five Pounds under the said firstly-recited Act, and no Shareholder shall vote in respect of any Number of such new Shares which shall constitute a less Interest in the Capital of the Company than Twenty-five Pounds.

VII. And be it enacted, That so much of the firstly-recited Act as provides that no Person should at any Time thereafter hold more in the said Undertaking than such Number of original Shares as should be equal in nominal Value to Ten original Shares of Fifty Pounds each, and such Number of new additional Shares as should be equal in nominal Value to Ten Shares of Fifty Pounds each, otherwise than by Devise or by virtue of the Statute of Distribution of Intestates Effects, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

VIII. And whereas the Company were authorized by the firstly-recited Act to raise or continue certain Sum or Sums of Money,

amounting

New Shares to be sold by Auction.

Sales by Auction to be advertised.

Rights of new Shareholders to be in proportion to the Value of new Shares.

So much of firstly-recited Act as to Limit of Shares repealed.

Power to borrow additional Money

7(i

on Mortgage-

Ite-borrow-

ing-

Mortgages and Bonds.

Mortgages under former Acts to have Priority.

Rights of Mortgagees.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. ix.

amounting together to the Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, on Mortgage or Bond, or by the Creation of new Shares, and the Company have raised a Portion of such Sum by the Sale of Shares, in pursuance of the Provisions contained in the firstly-recited Act, and it is expedient to enable the Company to raise a further Sum of Money by Mortgage or Bond: Be it enacted, That when and so soon as One Half of the entire Capital of the Company shall have been paid up, it shall be lawful for the Company to borrow on Mortgage or Bond (in addition to such Sum or Sums of Money so authorized to he raised by Mortgage or Bond by virtue of the firstly-recited Act, and also in addition to the Capital raised or authorized to be raised by Shares by die said firstly-recited Act, and by this Act,) such further Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be authorized to be borrowed by an Order of an Ordinary or Extraordinary Meeting of the Company, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds; and for securing the Repayment of the Money so borrowed, with Interest, to mortgage the Rents and Profits of the Undertaking, or the future Calls on the Shareholders of the Company, or to give Bonds, in manner herein-after mentioned : Provided always, that the Amount due and owing upon Mortgage or Bond at any one Time shall not exceed One Third of the Share Capital for the Time being actually subscribed for and issued.

IX. And be it enacted, That if after having borrowed any Part of the Money authorized to be borrowed on Mortgage or Bond by virtue of the firstly-recited Act and this Act, or either of them, the Company pay off the same, it shall be lawful for them again to borrow the Amount so paid off, and so from Time to Time; but such Power of re-borrowing shall not be exercised without the Authority of an Ordinary or Extraordinary Meeting of the Company, unless the Money be so re-borrowed in order to pay off any existing Mortgage or Bond.

X. And be it enacted, That every Mortgage and Bond for securing Money borrowed by the Company shall be by Deed, under the Common Seal of the Company, duly stamped, and wherein the Consideration shall be truly stated; and every such Mortgage, Deed, or Bond may be according to the Forms set forth in the Schedule (C.) or (D.) annexed to the said firstly-recited Act, or with such Variation in such Forms as the Circumstances of the Case may require.

XI. And be it enacted, That all Mortgages and Bonds already granted or continued under or by virtue of the Powers of the said firstly-recited Act shall have Priority over the Mortgages and Bonds by this Act authorized to be given.

XII. And be it enacted, That (subject as aforesaid to the Rights of existing Mortgagees and Bondholders) the respective Mort<ui"ees shall be entitled one with another to their respective Proportion's of the Rents, Sums, and I remises comprised in such Mortgages according to the respective Sums in such Mortgages mentioned to be advanced by such Mortgagees respectively, and to be repaid the Sums so advanced, with Interest, without any Preference one above another, or above the Bond Creditors of the Company, by reason of the

Priority

12° VICTORIA, Cap. ix.

Priority of the Date of any such Mortgage, or of the Meeting at which the same was authorized, or on any other Account whatsoever.

XIII. And be it enacted, That (subject as aforesaid to the Rights of existing Mortgagees and Bondholders) the respective Obligees in the Bonds granted by virtue of this Act shall proportionably, according to the Amount of the Monies secured thereby, be entitled to be paid, out of the said Rents, Sums, and Premises, the respective Sums in such Bonds mentioned, and thereby intended to be secured, without any Preference one above another, or above the said Mortgagees under this Act, by reason of Priority of Date of any such Bond, or of the Meeting at which the same was authorized, or otherwise howsoever.

XIV. And be it enacted, That every Transfer of any Mortgage or Bond shall be by Deed duly stamped, wherein the Consideration shall be truly stated.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Provisions contained in the said firstly-recited Act relating to the Registry of Mortgages and Bonds, the Transfer of Mortgages and Bonds, and the Registry of such Transfers, the Payment of the Interest, and the Repayment of Principal, the Appointment of a Receiver, and the Power to convert Loan into Capital, shall extend and be applicable to the Mortgages and Bonds by this Act authorized to be granted: Provided always, that the Provisions of this Act with reference to Sales of Shares by Auction, and the Application of Premiums, shall also be applicable to any Shares to be created for the Conversion of Loan into Capital by virtue of this Act.

XVI. And whereas it was by the recited Act enacted, that if the clear Profits of the said Undertaking, after Payment of all Costs, Charges, and Expenses, should in any Year amount to a larger Sum than should be sufficient to make Distribution amongst the Proprietors of the Company of the Dividends thereby authorized to be paid in respect of each Share in the said Undertaking, the Excess beyond the Sum which might be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid should accumulate until the Fund so formed should amount to the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, which Sum should form a contingent or reserved Fund to answer any Deficiency which might at any Time happen in the Amount of divisible Profits of the Company, or to meet any extraordinary Claim or Demand which might at any Time arise against the Company, or for the further Improvement of their Works; and it was also enacted, that when and so soon as such Fund should, by Accumulation or otherwise, amount to the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, an Account of the said contingent Fund, and of the Receipts, Expenditure, and Profits of the Company, should be laid before the Justices assembled at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and be filed with the Clerk of the Peace of the said Town and County, and if it should thereupon appear to such Justices that the Profits of the Company for the preceding Year should have exceeded the Sum therein-1 efore authorized to be divided amongst the several Proprietors

Rights of Obligees.

Transfers to be stamped.

Provisions in recited Act as to Mortgages and Bond extended to this Act.

So much of recited Act as relates to contingent Fund repealed.

78

Certain Clauses in Gas Clauses Act incorporated with this Act.

Regulating Supply of Gas, and Price for public Lamps.

So much of firstly-recited Act as to Hire of Meters repealed.

Power to Company to let Meters and Fittings.

So much of firstly-recited Act

12° VICTORIA, Cap. ix.

of Shares in the said Undertaking the Company should make such a rateable Reduction in the Rents and Prices of Gas to be furnished by the Company for the then current Year as the Company might deem prudent, or as in the Judgment of the Justices should be proper, until by the Expenditure and Payments of the Company the contingent Fund should be reduced below the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds, when the Price of the Gas might, if necessary, be again raised, and so from Time to Time as often as such Event should happen : And whereas it is expedient that the said Enactments should be repealed, and other Provisions made in lieu thereof: Re it enacted, That on and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine the said Enactments shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Clauses contained in the Gas Works Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the Amount of Profit to be received by the Undertakers when the Gas Works are carried on for their Benefit, shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act, and shall take effect on and after the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Expiration of any existing Contract for the Supply of Gas to any public Lamps within the Limits of this Act, the Company shall afford such Supply from any Main situate within Twenty-five Yards of any such Lamp, at a Price equal to the lowest Price charged for the Time being by the Company to any private Consumer.

XIX. And be it enacted, That so much of the said firstly-recited Act as enacts that it should be lawful for the Company to lend any Meter for ascertaining the Quantity of Gas consumed or supplied for such Remuneration in Money as should be agreed upon, and such Remuneration should be recoverable in the same Manner as Rents due to the Company, and such Meter or Meters should not be subject to the Rights of Distress of the Landlords of the Premises where such might be used for Rent, nor for any Lien or Pledge known in the Law of England, any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Company may let for Hire any Meter for ascertaining the Quantity of Gas consumed or supplied, and any Fittings for the Gas, for such Remuneration in Money as shall be agreed upon between the Company and any Person to whom the same may be so let; and such Remuneration shall be recoverable in the same Manner as the Rents or Sums due to the Company for Gas; and such Meters and Fittings shall not be subject to Distress tor Rent of the Premises where the same may be used, nor to be taken in^ execution under any Process of a Court of Law or Equity, or any Fiat in Bankruptcy against the Person in whose Possession the same may be.

XXI. And be it enacted, That so much of the firstly-recited Act as enacts that it should be lawful for the Officer duly appointed" for

6 the

12° VICTORIA, Cap. ix. 7!)

the Purpose by the Company to inspect every Building and Place as to Penalty lighted with Gas supplied by the Company, and if in any such Building or Place any Meter for ascertaining the Quantity of Gas repealed, consumed or supplied should be fraudulently altered the Person making use of such Meter which should be so altered should for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the Company a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk, Engineer, or other Company Officer duly appointed for the Purpose by the Company, may at all ™ay "‘ter reasonable Times enter any Building or Place lighted with Gas ^Sg‘ert‘^nfo/ supplied by the Company in order to inspect the Meters, Fittings, Quantities and Works for regulating the Supply of Gas, and for the Purpose of of Gas ascertaining the Quantity of Gas consumed or supplied, and if any consumed. Person hinder such Officer as aforesaid from entering and making

such Inspection as aforesaid at any reasonable Time, he shall for every such Offence forfeit to the Company a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully Penalty for or fraudulently injure any Meter or Fittings belonging to the Com- ^iury to pany, or shall alter the Index to any Meter, shall forfeit to the 1 e,er’ c' Company a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds; and the Company may, in addition thereto recover the Amount of any Damages by them sustained, and the Company may also take off the

Gas from the House and Premises of the Person so offending, notwithstanding any Contract which may have been previously entered into.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Recorder of the Borough of Inspection Nottingham shall appoint an Inspector of Meters, which he is hereby of Meters, authorized to do; and such Inspector shall have at all Times, on the Application and at the Expense of any Consumer of Gas supplied by the Company, a Right to inspect the Meters erected by the said Company in the Premises of the Person making such Request, after giving Forty-eight Hours Notice of such intended Inspection to the said Company or their Clerk.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Consumer

Inspection the Person requiring such Examination shall deposit in requir;ng. the Hands of the Inspector all Money due or appearing to be due to deposit by such Person to the Company; and in case such Consumer shall Amount due have paid any Sum in excess, such Excess shall be returned to such by him to Consumer. Company.

[Short Title.]

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in legal Instruments or Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Nottingham Gas Amendment

Act, 1849."

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Monies to be raised by Application virtue of this Act shall be applied in carrying the Purposes and °* Monies. Objects of the said firstly-recited Act and of this Act into execution,

in such Manner as the Committee of the Company may think fit.

80

Expenses of Act.

[Public Act.]

12° VICTORIA, Cop.ix.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, and preparatory thereto, shall be paid out of the Funds of the Company in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. x.

An Act for more effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Rate and all other Rates and Assessments in the Parish of Epsom in the County of Surrey, and for the better Management of the Business and Affairs of the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[11th May 1849.]

WHEREAS the Parish of Epsom in the County of Surrey is large and populous, and the Poor belonging thereto are numerous, and supported at a great Expense, and the Laws now in force for assessing, collecting, and levying Monies for the Relief of the Poor and other Purposes in the said Parish are found to be inconvenient and ineffectual, and the several Rates and Assessments made in the said Parish are in many Cases evaded and rendered unproductive; and there are within the said Parish divers small Tenements which are either let to occasional Occupiers or in separate Apartments, or to Persons who quit their Residences, or become insolvent, and the Rates imposed thereon for the Relief of the Poor and for other Purposes cannot be collected, by means whereof the Owners and Occupiers of other Property in the said [Zoca/.] X Parish

82

Owners of Property not exceeding annual Value of 10/., ascertained according to 6 & 7 W. 4. c. 96., to be rated instead of Occupiers.

Owners may compound for Rates.

Meetings to be held for compounding, and Notice to be given.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. x.

Parish are made to bear more than their fair Proportion of the parochial Burdens; and it is therefore expedient that better Provisions should be granted for managing the Affairs of the said Parish, for rating of such Tenements, and for the Collection of such Rates; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the passing of this Act the Owner of every Tenement within the said Parish of Epsom, the rateable annual Value whereof shall not exceed Ten Pounds, from Time to Time to be ascertained according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate Parochial Assessments, or which shall be let to weekly or monthly Tenants, or shall be let furnished or in lodgings or in separate Apartments, or at Rents payable or collected at any shorter Period than Three Months, shall be hereafter rated and assessed to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, for the Repairs and Services of the Church, for the Repairs of the Highways, for lighting, watching, and cleansing, and every other parochial, local, district, and other Rate within the said Parish, in respect of such Tenement, instead of the actual Occupier thereof.

II. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Owner shall have been or shall be liable to be rated in pursuance of this Act in respect of any such Tenement as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Owner to give Notice to the Officers authorized to make or collect any such Rate, of his Intention to compound for the same by Payment of a reduced Rate, whether such Tenement be occupied or not, and that in every such Case every such Owner shall thenceforth, until he shall give like Notice for determining such Composition, be liable to pay Two Thirds of such Rate only, and all such Compositions shall be entered in the Rate Books of such Officers, and such Owners shall be thenceforth rated accordingly.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Officers respectively shall, once at least in every Year, hold, at some convenient Time anil Place within the said Parish, a Meeting for the Purpose of entering into such Compositions with such Owners as aforesaid, and of the Time and Place of every such Meeting shall respectively give or cause to be given Seven clear Days Notice, in the same Manner as Notices of Vestry Meetings are now by Law required to be given, and that the first yearly Meeting for entering into Compositions for the said Rates respectively shall be held within Fourteen Days after the Publication of the first of such Rates respectively made after the passing of this Act, and that every such Meeting in all future Years shall be held within Fourteen Days after the Publication of the first of such Rates respectively which shall be so made next after the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, and that every Notice of such Meeting'respectively shall be signed by the Officers or a Majority of the Officers convening the same.

12" VICTORIA, x. 83

IV. And be it enacted, That upon Nonpayment of any Rate, or Recovery of any Compositions for any Rate, by such Owner as shall be liable of Rates or to the Payment thereof, the same, together with the Costs and Charges of recovering and levying the same, shall and may be levied Action.1 upon and recovered from him, and his Goods and Chattels, wherever

the same may be found, in like Manner as Rates within the said Parish may by Law be levied and recovered upon and from the Occupier, or the same may be recovered from such Owner by Action of Debt, at the Suit of the Party authorized to make or recover such Rate, with Costs, in any Court of Law having competent Jurisdiction.

V. And be it enacted, That in any such Action or other Proceed- How Action ing it shall be sufficient to sue by the Name of the Officer respectively Jnay be authorized to make or collect the Rate, and whether the same shall brou6lt-have become due during his own Tenure of Office or that of any of his Predecessors, and without specifying the Name of such respective Officer for the Time being, and no such Action or other Proceeding shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Removal, or Retirement of such Plaintiff in such Action or Proceeding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before any such Notice of Action shall be commenced a Notice signed by the Person or Persons Action to be intending to bring such Action, or by his or their Attorney, shall be 81ven' sent by Post to, or left at the Dwelling House or last known Place of Abode of, the Person so made liable to the said Rates or Compositions, or if his Dwelling House or last known Place of Abode cannot be discovered, then such Notice shall be left at or upon the Premises in respect of which he shall be assessed to the Rate, which said Notice shall state that certain Rates or certain Compositions for Rates (describing them) are due from such Person, and that, at the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the posting or delivery of the said Notice an Action at Law will be commenced for the Recovery of such Rates or for such Compositions (as the Case may be), unless the same shall in the meantime be discharged : Provided also, that no such Action shall be commenced under the Authority of this Act after the Expiration of Eighteen Calendar Months from the Time when such Rate or Compositions (as the Case may be) shall have become due.

VII. And in order to prevent Disputes touching the Designation Personsre-of the Parties intended to be made liable by this Act to the Payment reiving

of Rates as Owners, be it enacted, That the Person actually receiving ^e"ts to the Rent of any Tenement from the Tenant or Occupier thereof, the Owner-. whether for his own Benefit as the Owner, or as Trustee, Agent, or Receiver for any other Person or Purpose, as well the actual Owner as the Landlord, Lessee, or Mortgagee in receipt of such Rents, or other Person in any other Capacity or Character claiming to be entitled, shall be deemed and taken to be the Owner of the same for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be liable to the Payment of all such Rates, although such Person shall have ceased to be the Owner of such Tenement, after having been rated or made liable to the Payment of such Rate, until some other Person shall be rated in respect

84

Penalty on Occupier refusing to give Name of Owner when requested so to do.

The Word " Owner " deemed a sufficient Description.

Tenants under existing Leases or Agreements to repay the Owner.

Occupiers liable to be distrained upon for Arrrears of Rates, and to recover Expenses from Owners.

12" VICTORIES, Cap. x.

respect of such Tenement, or shall have compounded for such Rate> but subject to Appeal as herein-after provided for in case such Owner shall become liable to pay only a Portion of such Rate in consequence of having ceased to be such Owner, or otherwise howsoevei.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if on the Request of the Person authorized to make the said Rates, or of the Collector thereof, the Occupier of the said Property shall refuse or wilfully omit to disclose, or shall wilfully misstate the Name of the Owner of such Property or of the Person receiving or authorized to receive the Rents of the same, any Justice of the Peace, on Oath made before him of such Request, and of such Refusal or wilful Omission or Mis-statement, may summon the Person who shall have so refused, or wilfully omitted, or misstated as aforesaid, to appear, at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, before any Two or more Justices; and if the Persons so summoned shall neglect or refuse to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in the Summons, or if he shall attend, and not show good Cause to the Justices then present for such his Refusal, or wilful Omission or Mis-statement, such Justices, upon Proof (in case of the Neglect or Refusal to attend as aforesaid) of the due Service of the said Summons, or on such Attendance, may impose a Penalty upon such Person who shall have so refused, or wilfully omitted, or have made such wilful Misstatement, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered, with Costs, as the Rates or Compositions under this Act may be recovered.

IX. And be it enacted, That whenever the Name of any such Owner shall not be known to the Officers making any such Rate, it shall be sufficient to rate such Owner as the Owner of the Property to be rated, by the Description of " Owner," without stating his Name.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Owner shall be rated in respect of any Tenement which shall be in the Occupation of any Tenant under any Lease or Agreement made prior to the passing of this Act, such Tenant shall repay to the Owner all Sums which shall be paid by the Owner on account of any Rates under this Act during the Continuance of such Lease payable by the Occupier, unless it shall have been agreed that the Owner shall pay all Rates in respect of such Property; and every such Sum of Money payable by the Tenant to the Owner under the Provisions herein contained may be recovered, if the same be not paid upon Demand, as Arrears of Rent could be recovered from the Occupier by the said Owner.

XL. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where the Owner is absent and cannot be found, or refuses or neglects to pay the Rate or Composition to which he is by this Act liable, such Rate or Composition may be paid by the Occupier of the Premises in respect of which such Rate or Composition shall be due, and the Goods and Chattels of every such Occupier shall be liable at all Times to be distrained and sold for Payment of so much of the same Rate, or of any Composition for the same, and all Arrears thereof, as shall y become

12" VICTORIA, 85

become due in respect of the same Premises during the Time of his Occupation, only in such and the same Manner as Rates for the Relief of the Poor may by Law be levied and recovered, but no such Occupier shall at any Time be required to pay any greater Sum for or towards discharging of any such Rate or Composition or Arrears than the Amount of the Rent actually due by such Occupier to the Owner of the Premises so occupied by him at the Time when the said Rate shall be demanded, or which shall thereafter become due before such Rate shall be levied by Distress; provided also, that every such Occupier who shall pay any such Rate or Composition or Arrears, or any Part thereof, or upon whose Goods and Chattels the same shall be levied, may from Time to Time deduct the Amount of such Rate which shall be so paid or levied, and the Costs and Charges of recovering and levying the same, from the Rent then due or at any Time thereafter to become due from him to the Owner of the Premises, and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Occupier against the Owner for so much Money as he shall have paid in the Manner directed by this Act, or shall have sustained the Loss of by reason of any Distress made under this Act.

XII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Person shall Persons recease to be the Owner of any Tenement in respect whereof he shall be rated or be liable to be rated by virtue of this Act, such Person entering jpto shall be liable to pay so much of such Rate as shall be in proportion Premises to to the Time he shall have possessed the same; and in all Cases where pay Propor-any Person shall come into the Possession of any such Tenement of ^°ns of which any other Person shall have ceased to be the Owner, the 1 ates' Person so coming into possession shall be liable to pay such Rate (although his Name may not be inserted in such Rate) in proportion to the Time that he shall have been the Owner thereof, and which said Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall be settled by the Officers for the Time being, or the major Part of them, duly authorized to make or collect such Rate.

XIII. And be it enacted, That every Person so rated as an Persons Owner shall, on Payment by him of such Rates, be entitled to be rated as present and vote in Vestry in like Manner as if he were an Occupier ^'t"ea[to of and rated as such in respect of the same Tenement. Vestry

XIV. And be it enacted, That the respective Rate Books of the Rate Books Officers authorized to make or collect any of the said Rates shall to be °Pen be open for the Inspection of such Owners as aforesaid without Fee Por Ia‘ or Reward, in the same Way and Manner to all Intents and Purposes SpeC °n whatsoever as such Rate Books are now by Law required to be open to the Inspection of other Rate-payers.

XV. And be it enacted, That all Rates to the Payment of which Appeal, the several Owners of Tenements are hereby made liable may be appealed against by such Owners, in the same Manner as other similar Rates within the said Parish might have been appealed against by the Occupiers or Parties aggrieved before the passing of this Act.

86

Summonses or Warrants may include several Persons.

Liability to Rates not to disqualify Justices.

Power to appoint Vestry Clerk, and award Salary to him.

Power to appoint Collector and award Salary, &c.

On Removal of Collectors their Books to be produced or delivered.

Collector to account and pay over Balances.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. x.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Summons or Warrant of Distress for Nonpayment of any Rate or Composition payable by virtue of this Act may include several Persons as well as one Person, and several Sums in respect of Tenements of which the same Person may be Owner, or the same Person may be Occupier.

XVII. And be it enacted, That no Person, although liable to the Payment of Money towards the Rates authorized to be raised under this Act, shall by reason thereof be disabled to act as a Justice in the Execution of the same.

XVIII. And whereas a Vestry Clerk has from Time to Time been appointed for managing the Affairs of the said Parish, and Doubts have arisen as to the Legality of the Payments made to him for his Services out of the parochial Rates of the said Parish : It is hereby enacted (to remove such Doubts), That it shall be lawful for the Rate-payers of the said Parish, in Vestry assembled for that Purpose, from Time to Time to appoint and to remove a Vestry Clerk, and to order and direct him to be paid, out of any of the Rates to be made and levied in the said Parish by the Officers making or collecting such Rates, such Salary or Remuneration for his Services as to such Vestry shall seem fit.

XIX. And in order more effectually to collect and levy the Rates to be made in the said Parish by virtue of this Act, or any other Act, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Rate-payers of the said Parish from Time to Time, at a public Vestry to be duly convened and held for that Purpose, to nominate and elect, with the Consent of the Poor Law Commissioners for England and ll'ales, a Collector of such Rates, and to make such Allowances, by way of Salary or Poundage, to such Collector, out of such Rates (not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound on the Monies actually collected), and to dismiss such Officer, and to revoke, alter, and vary such Allowance, when and as to such llate-pavers shall seem proper.

XX. And be it enacted, That every such Collector shall, upon being so dismissed, or otherwise when required by them so to do, produce and deliver up to the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or the major Part of them, all the Money, Rate Rooks, Papers, Writings, Documents, Property, Matters, and Things in his Custody or Possession, belonging or relating to the said Parish, or relating to his said Office, for the Purpose of Inspection and safe Custody.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every such Collector shall at all Times keep, and when required by the said Churchwardens and Overseers or the major Part of them, or such other Officers as shall or may be by Law authorized to make, collect, or expend any Rate in the said Parish, or such other Person as shall be authorized to require the same, deliver for Examination and Audit, true and perfect Accounts in Writing under his Hand of all Matters and Things committed to his Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies from Time to Time received by him on account of any such Rate, and of all Disbursements made thereout or on account thereof and the Times when and to whom made, together with proper Vouchers

8 for

87

12° VICTORIA, Cap. x.

for such Payments, and shall pay to the said Churchwardens and Overseers or other Officer as aforesaid, or to such Person as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, all such Monies as shall remain due from him.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said Churchwardens and Overseers shall take Security for the due and faithful Execution of the Office of such Collector, and such Security shall be by Bond with sufficient Sureties, and in such Penalty as the said Churchwardens and Overseers shall think fit; and every such Bond shall be made to the said Churchwardens and Overseers, and may, on any Breach ol' the Conditions thereof, be put in suit by and in the Names of the Churchwardens and Overseers for the lime being for the Benefit of the said Parish, and no Action or other Proceedings on the said Bond shall cease, abate, or be discontinued, defeated, or impeded, by the Death, Removal, or Expiration of Office of all or either of the Churchwardens and Overseers named in such Action or Proceeding.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases it shall be deemed sufficient Service of a Summons or Demand of a Rate if a Copy of such Summons, or a Notice of the Amount so demanded, shall be left at the usual or last known Place of Abode of the Person to be summoned or rated, and in case such Person shall reside above Five Miles from the said Parish, then if a Copy of such Summons or such Demand be left or affixed on the Premises rated, and another Copy put into the Post Office directed to such Person at his usual or last known Place of Abode.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of obtaining and passing this Act, and all other Charges incident or in relation thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the first Monies which shall be collected out of any Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish of Epsom: Provided always nevertheless, that if it shall appear expedient to the Churchwardens and Overseers for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to borrow or take up at Interest the whole or any Part of the Money required for the Purposes aforesaid on the Credit of the said Rates to be from Time to Time made, it shall and may be lawful tor them so to do, but not exceeding the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds, and by Writing under their Hands or of the major Part of them, such Writing being duly stamped for denoting the Payment of the Stamp Duty on a Mortgage for the like Amount, to charge the said Rates as a Security for Repayment thereof with legal Interest for the same; and the Costs and Expenses of such Charge shall be from Time to Time defrayed by the said Officers out of the said Rates; and every such Security shall be good, valid, and effectual, and shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall have been made, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Repayment of the Money thereby secured with Interest as aforesaid, and to all Profit and Advantage thereon, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; so, nevertheless, that the Sum so borrowed shall be repaid by equal annual Instalments of not exceeding Seven.

Power to take Security from Collector.

Mariner of serving Summons, kc.

Expenses of Act.

88

Interpretation of Act.

[Short Title.]

[Public Act.]

12° VICTORIA, Cap. x.

XXV. And be it enacted, That whenever in this Act any Word is used importing the Plural Number the same shall be understood to include the Singular Number, and Words importing the Singular Number only the same shall be understood to include the Plural Number, and several Matters as well as one Matter, and several Persons as well as one Person, and shall extend to Corporations, whether aggregate or sole; and any Word importing the Masculine Gender only shall be understood to include Females as well as Males; the Word Tenement shall include all Property of every Description rateable to any parochial or other Rate in the said Parish of Epsom, or in any Hamlet, District, Liberty, or Part of the said Parish, as the Case may require; and that the Words "Officer" and "Officers" shall mean and include, as the Case may be or the Subject require, Churchwardens, Assistant Churchwardens, Overseers, Assistant Overseers, Collectors of Rates, Surveyors, Assistant Surveyors, Board of Surveyors, Commissioners, and all other Persons whose Duty it may be to make or collect any of the several Rates which form the Subject of this Act; the W7ord " Parish " shall include the said Parish of Epsom, and every Hamlet, District, Liberty, and Part thereof; the Word " Mortgagee" shall be held to include, if in receipt of the Rents, every other Description of Incumbrancer in possession as well as a Mortgagee; the Word " Oath " shall include Affirmation or other Declaration or Solemnity lawfully substituted for an Oath in the Case of Persons exempted by Law from the Necessity of taking an Oath; and the Words " Two or more Justices," as to all Jurisdiction within any Police Court Division assigned or to be hereafter assigned to a Police Court within the Metropolitan Police District, shall, except where otherwise herein provided, mean a Magistrate of such Police Court present at such Court, and in his Absence any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting at such Court, under the Authority of the Metropolitan Police Act, and as to all Jurisdiction not within such Police Court Division shall mean any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County in which such Jurisdiction is to be exercised; unless in any of the Cases aforesaid there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in any Act of Parliament, legal Instrument, or other Document, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Epsom Rates Act, 184<J."

XXVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIES REGINA

i

e

ir

in

n

lis

ch

)[V

it

of

at

Cap. xi.

An Act for making and maintaining Docks near to Wareham in the County of Dorset, with an Entrance thereto from Wareham Channel.

[11th May 1849.]

WHEREAS the making of Docks near to Wareham, with an Entrance thereto from Wareham Channel, would be of public Advantage : And whereas the Persons herein-after named are willing to carry such Undertaking into execution; but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Acts of Parliament following, (that is to say,) " The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and " The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847," except where the same shall be inconsistent with or repugnant to any of the Provisions of this Act, shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act. II.

II. And be it enacted, That the Expression "Quarter Sessions" in this Act and all Acts incorporated therewith shall mean the Quarter Sessions for the County of Dorset holden at Dorchester.

8 dr 9 Vict, cc. 16. & 18. and 10 & 11 Vict. c. 27. incorporated with this Act.

" Quarter Sessions.’-

90

[Short Title.]

Subscribers

incorporated.

Capital.

Shares.

Calls.

Power to borrow Money on Mortgage or Bond.

Arrears may be enforced by Appointment of a Receiver.

First and other Meetings.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xi.

III. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression "The Wareham Dock Act, 1849-"

IV. And be it enacted, That the Right Honourable John Earl of Eldon, James William Farrer, John Venn Prior, James Farrer, Samuel Jay, and all other Persons and Corporations who have already subscribed or shall hereafter subscribe to the Undertaking, and their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns respectively, shall be united into a Company for the Purpose of making and maintaining the Docks and Works hereby authorized, with all proper Works and Conveniences connected therewith, subject to the Provisions contained in this Act and the Acts incorporated herewith; and for the Purposes aforesaid such Company shall be incorporated by the Name of " The Wareham Dock Company," and by that Name shall be a Body Corporate, with perpetual Succession, and shall have Power to purchase and hold Lands for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, subject to the Restrictions and Provisions herein and in the said incorporated Acts contained.

V. And be it enacted, That the Capital of the Company shall be Forty-five thousand Pounds.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Number of Shares into which the said Capital shall be divided shall be One thousand eight hundred, and the Amount of each Share shall be Twenty-five Pounds.

VII. And be it enacted, That Five Pounds per Share shall be the greatest Amount of any One Call which the Company may make upon the Shareholders, and that Three Fifths of the Amount of a Share shall be the utmost aggregate Amount of the Calls to be made in any One Year upon any Share, and that Three Months at the least shall intervene between successive Calls.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to borrow on Mortgage or Bond any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole at any One Time One Third of the Capital of the Company in Shares or Stock for the Time being, but no Part of such Sum or Sums shall be raised until the whole of the said Capital or Sum of Forty-five thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed for, or Shares taken for the same, and One Half thereof shall have been actually paid up.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mortgagees of the Company to enforce the Payment of the Arrears of Principal and Interest due on any such Mortgages by the Appointment of a Receiver; and in order to authorize the Appointment of such Receiver, in the event of the Principal Monies not being duly paid the Amount owing to the Mortgagees by whom Application for such Receiver shall be made shall not be less than Two thousand Pounds in the whole.

X. And be it enacted, That the first Ordinary Meeting of the Company shall be belli within Six Calendar Months next after the passing

91

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xi.

passing of this Act, and the subsequent Ordinary Meetings of the Company shall be held yearly in the Month of May or in the Month of June, or at such other stated Periods as shall be appointed for that Purpose by an Order of a General Meeting.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Quorum for any General Meeting Quorum of of the Company shall be any Number of Shareholders holding in

the aggregate not less than Five thousand Pounds in the Capital of ee 1Mgs' the Company.

XII. And be it enacted, That (subject to the Provisions herein Number contained for increasing or reducing the Number of Directors) the of Directors. Number of Directors shall be Three.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company Power to from Time to Time to increase or reduce the Number of Directors dumber of of the Company; but the whole Number of Directors, after such an Directors. Increase or Reduction as aforesaid, shall not be greater than Nine nor

less than Three.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Directors, Directors

without the Direction or Sanction of a General Meeting, from Time m?y declare to Time to declare and pay in the Interval between any Two Ordi- en Is nary Annual Meetings a Half Year’s Dividend out of the Profits of ■’

the Company to the Shareholders, but the Directors shall not make any Dividend whereby the Capital of the Company will be reduced.

XV. And be it enacted, That James Farrer, James William Far- First Direc-rer, and Samuel Jay shall be the first Directors of the Company. tors-

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Directors hereby appointed Election and shall continue in Office until the first General Meeting to be held next Notation of after the passing of this Act; and at such Meeting the Shareholders L,lrectors-present, personally or by Proxy, may either continue in Office the Directors hereby appointed, or any Number of them, or may elect a

new Body of Directors, or Directors to supply the Places of those not continued in Office, the Directors hereby appointed being eligible as Members of such new Body; and at the first Ordinary Meeting to be held every Year after the Year in which such first General Meeting shall have been holden, the Shareholders present, personally or by Proxy, shall elect Persons to supply the Places of the Directors then retiring from Office, agreeably to the Provisions for that Purpose contained in the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845; and the several Persons elected at any such Meeting, being neither re. moved nor disqualified nor having resigned, shall continue to be Directors until others are elected in their Stead, as in the said Companies Clauses Consolidation Act mentioned.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Number of Auditors shall be Number of

One. Auditors

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Newspaper in which Adver- Newspaper tisements relating to the Affairs of the Company are to be inserted for Insertion

shall

92

of Advertisements.

Company empowered to construct Docks and Works ac-according to deposited Plans and Sections.

Company may deviate to the Extent marked on the Plan.

Local Survey to be made, if required by the Admiralty.

If Works abandoned, Admiralty may, remove same at the Costs of the Company.

Lands for extraordinary Purposes.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xi.

shall be some Newspaper or Newspapers published or circulated in the County of Dorset.

XIX. And whereas a Plan and Section of the said Docks and Works, showing the Situation and Levels thereof respectively, and the Limits within which the same are to be constructed, and also a Book of Reference containing the Names of the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands upon or through which the same are intended to be made, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Dorset: Be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in this and the said incorporated Acts contained, it shall be lawful for the said Company to make and maintain the said Docks and Works in the Situation and upon the Lands delineated upon the said Plan and described in the said Book of Reference, and within the Limits aforesaid to make and maintain all such Works and Conveniences as they may think necessary for the Purposes of the said Docks and Works, and to enter upon, take, and use such of the said Lands as they shall deem necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and to cause the Water from Wareham Bay to supply the said Docks and Works.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, in constructing the said Docks and Works, where Limits of Deviation are marked on the said Plan, to deviate to the Extent of the Limits of Deviation marked on the said Plan.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if after working Drawings of the Works hereby authorized shall have been submitted to the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, it shall be deemed expedient by him or them to order a local Survey and Examination of such Works, or of the intended Site thereof, the Company shall defray the Costs of such local Survey and Examination, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due to Pier Majesty from the Company, and if not paid, upon Demand, may be recovered, as a Debt due to the Crown, with the Costs of Suit, or may be recovered, with Costs, as a Penalty is or may be recoverable from the Company.

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any Work to be constructed by the Company, or any Portion of such Work, shall be abandoned or suffered to fall into Disuse or Decay by the Company, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to abate and remove the same, or such Part or Parts thereof as he or they may at any Time or Times deem fit and proper, and to restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Cost and Charge of the Company, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due from the Company to the Crown, and be recoverable accordingly, with Costs of Suit.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Lands to be taken by the Company for extraordinary Purposes shall not exceed Twenty Acres.

12" VICTORIA, i. 93

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Docks and Works shall be Period for completed within Seven Years after the passing of this Act; and on the Expiration of such Period the Powers by this Act and the Acts incorporated herewith given to the Company for constructing the Docks and Works shall cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the Docks and Works as shall be then completed.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Undertakers need not provide Life Boats a Lifeboat or Lifeboats. ^roTk-d.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Com- Power pany to demand, for every Vessel using or entering the said Docks or j^™e®non Works, any Sum, for every Ton Measurement of such Vessel, not ships as in exceeding the Rates mentioned in Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed; Schedule and every such Rate shall be payable by the Master of such Vessel. (A-)

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Com- Power to pany to demand, for all Goods mentioned in the Schedule (B.) here-unto annexed, which shall be shipped or unshipped, received or G"ojSs°^ j delivered, within the Limits of the Docks and Works, any Sums not Schedule exceeding the several Rates in the said Schedule (B.) specified with (B.) respect to such Goods respectively; and as to all such Goods as shall not be specified in the said Schedule the Company may demand a Rate equal to the Rate for the Time being payable in respect of Goods of a similar Nature, Package, and Quality; and every such Rate shall be payable by the Owner of the Goods.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Vessel using the Docks Further or Works, whether the same shall previously have paid or been liable Tonnage to pay Tonnage Rates or not, shall remain in the Docks or Works vessels*" for any longer Space of Time than Ten Days, the Company may remaining in demand for every such Vessel a further Rate of One Penny per Ton Dock longer for every Week, and so in proportion for any Period less than a Week, l!'an Ten during which any such Vessel shall remain in the Docks or Works Cays‘ beyond the said Period of Ten Days, in addition to the Tonnage Rates payable by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that such additional Rates shall not be payable for any Vessel which shall have been prevented from leaving the Docks or Works by an Embargo or Stress of Weather.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Com- Power to pany and they are hereby authorized to levy, receive, and take, for charge Rates the Use of any Cranes, Weighing Machines, Slips, or Ways, and for Jlie use Engines or Sheers, erected by the Company, and for and in respect of warehousing and safe Custody of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Machines, or other Commodities which shall be warehoused, deposited, or kept &c. within the Warehouse or Warehouses of the Company, and for and in respect of building, repairing, coopering, sampling, painting, marking, and other Work to be performed and Materials to be supplied in respect of any Ships, Vessels, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, such Rates and Sums of Money as may be from Time to Time agreed upon between the Masters or Owners of any Ships, Vessels, Goods,

91

Limits within which Dock Master may exercise his Authority.

Power to appoint Weighers and Measurers. Saving the Rights of the Corporation of Poole.

29G.2.C. 10.

[Public Act.]

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xi.

Wares, Merchandize, and other Commodities, and the said Company, or as may be usual and reasonable.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the Limits within which the Powers of the Dockmaster for the Regulation of the Docks shall be exercised shall be the whole of the Docks, Works, and Premises of the Company, and a Distance of One hundred Yards in an easterly Direction from the Entrance thereto from Wareham Bay.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to appoint and license a sufficient Number of Persons to be Meters and Weighers within the Docks and Works.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall abate, alter, or prejudicially affect the Rates, Duties, and Customs which are of right leviable by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Town and County and Borough of Poole, in respect of any Ships or Vessels, by virtue of a certain Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Oeorge the Second, intituled An Act for the better ascertaining, recovering, and collecting certain Duties payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Town and County of Poole, and also of Ballast and Boomage Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into and going out of the said Harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in repair the said Harbour, and the Quays and Wharfs; and for providing a proper Place for keeping Gunpowder in or near the said Town; and for establishing and regulating the nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets in the said Town.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

SC HE-

12° VICTORIA, Cap. x\.

95

SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Of Tonnage Rates.

RATES.

£ s. d.

Outward

Ciiarges

lF

Inward

For every Ship clearing for any Port in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man, per Ton For every Ship clearing for any Port in Europe, or for any Port in the British Possessions and United States in North America, per Ton For every Ship clearing for any other Port or Place than above specified, per Ton -

For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port in the United Kingdom or in the Isle of Man, per Ton For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place in Europe between Ushant and the Naze in Norway, except the Ports in the Baltic Sea, or from any Port in the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, per Ton

For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place in the Baltic Sea, or between Ushant and the Straits of Gibraltar, or between the Naze and the North Cape, per Ton -

For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place within the Straits of Gibraltar, or to the East of the North Cape, or in Madeira, the Azores, or North America South of Davis’s Straits, per Ton - For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place in Africa between the Straits of Gibraltar and the Cape of Good Hope, or from the Canaries, Cape de Verd Islands, or St Helena, per Ton For every Ship with a Cargo from the West Indies,' the East Coast of South America, Greenland, or Davis’s Straits, per Ton - For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope or Westward of Cape Horn, per Ton - ...

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 4 0 0 6 0 0 8 0 1 0 0 1 6

12° VICTORIAE, Cap. x\.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Schedule of Rates or Tolls on Goods.

£ s. d.

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 3

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 9

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 9

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 6

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 2

0 0 1

- 0 0 1

• 0 0 1

- 0 0 2

- 0 1 0

. • 0 1 0

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 8

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 6

. 0 0 6

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 2

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 4

Agates, per Package -

Ale, Porter, or Beer, per Butt or Puncheon per Hogshead -per Barrel -

per smaller Cask -

Ale, Porter, or Beer, bottled in Packages, per Dozen Quarts per Dozen Pints Alkali, per Ton -

Alkanet Root, per Cwt.

Almonds, per Tierce -

per Barrel ....

per Bag or Box ....

Aloes, per Cwt. -

Alum, per Ton

Alva Marina or Sea Grass, per Ton ... Amber and Beads, per Package -

rough, per Ton ...

Ambergris, per Package ....

Amethysts. See Agates.

Anchors. See Iron.

Anchovies, per Keg

Angelica Root, per Cwt. .... Annatto in Casks, per Cwt.

in Boxes or Baskets, per Cwt.

Anniseed, per Ton Antimony, per Ton -

Ore, per Ton -

Apples, per Hogshead per Tierce -

per Barrel, Box, or Basket -per Sieve or Half Basket -loose, per Barrel - - ...

Argol, per Ton ...

Arrowroot, per Cwt.

Arsenic, per Cwt.

Assafcetida, per Cwt.

Ashes, per Ton

Asphaltum, per Ton

Bacon, per Hogshead -

per Tierce.

per Bale

loose, per Ton Baggage, for small Package, under 56 Pounds per Package, 56 Pounds and under 2 Cwt. per Package, 2 Cwt. and upwards

97

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xi.

■ RATES.

Bagging, per Piece - - - - - £ 0 0 d. 1

Bags, empty, per Score - - 0 0 1

Bags of Goods, not enumerated, per Bag - - 0 0 1

Ballast and Gravel, per Ton ... - 0 1 0

Bales, Cases, Casks, Trusses, or other Packages of Cottons, Linens, or Woollens, not exceeding 8 Feet per Package - 0 0 2

upwards of 8 Feet to 25 Feet inclusive, per Package 0 0 3

1 upwards of 25 Feet to 55 Feet inclusive, per Package " 0 0 4

1 upwards of 55 Feet, per Package - 0 0 6

i Balsam, per Cwt. - - - - -Bamboos. See Canes, Ground Rattans. Barilla, per Ton - - 0 0 2

0 0 8

Bark, medicinal, per Cwt. - - Tanners, per Ton - - - 0 0 2

- 0 0 10

Barley in Bulk. See Grain. Barley, Pearl, per Tierce .... _ 0 0 2

per Barrel, Bag, or Keg - - - - - 0 0 1

Baskets, per large Bale or Case ... - 0 0 8

per middle ditto, ditto - - - - - 0 0 6

1 per small ditto, or Bundle of Goods not enumerated - 0 0 3

1 large, each - - - - - - 0 0 2

9 small or empty, each - - 0 0 1

0 6 Beads. See Bugles. Beans, in Bulk. See Grain. Bedsteads, each - - - - - 0 0 2

0 Beef and Pork, per Tierce - - 0 0 3

per Barrel .... - 6 0 2

per Tub or Kit .... - 0 0 1

1 i Beer. See Ale and Beer. Spruce, per Keg . 0 0 1

t Bees Wax, per Ton .... - 0 1 0

1 Bellows, Smiths, per large Pair - - - - - 0 0 8

9 per middle ditto - - 0 0 4

0 0 Benjamin. See Gum. Berries, Juniper, per Ton .... . 0 1 0

6 Betel Nuts, per Ton .... - 0 0 10

I Biscuits, per Cwt. - - - - - 0 0 1

I 1 1 Blacking. See Cases and Casks. Black Lead. See Lead. Bones, Shank, per Ton ... 0 1 0

I old per Ton - 0 0 8

8 Whale Jaw, per Ton - - 0 0 6

1 Books, per Cwt. - - - - 0 0 2

i Boots and Shoes, per Hogshead - - - - 0 0 4

1 per Case or Tierce - 0 0 2

f per Box .... - 0 0 1

i Boracic Acid, per Ton - - - -Borax, per Ton .... - 0 1 0

- 0 1 0

1 Bottles, empty, loose Glass or Stone Pints and Quarts, per Gross 0 1 0

i 1 to 5 Gallons, each ... - 0 0 1

) 5 to 10 Gallons, each - 0 0 2

1 Hamper or Crate, each - 0 0 2

1 Boxes, empty, each - - - - - 0 0 1

{ Bran, per Sack .... 0 0 1

1 \_Local.-\ B b

98

12° VICTORIA, Cop.xi.

Brandy. See Spirits.

Brass, per Cwt.

Bricks, common, per Thousand

Bath and Fire, per Thousand

large for Flues, and Floors, per Thousand

Brimstone, per Ton ....

Bristles, per Ton ....

Bronze. See Brass.

Brooms, Hair, per Bale ...

Birch, per Gross -

Bugles, 20 Feet and under, per Package 21 Feet and upwards, per Package

Bullion, per Package ...

Bulrushes, per Load of 63 Bunches

Bundles of Goods not enumerated: —

large, each -

small, each

Buoys, each ....

Butter, per Firkin ... in larger Casks, per Ton Grease, per Ton

Cables, Hempen or Coil, per Ton Camels’ Hair, per Cwt.

Camphor, per Cwt. .... Cane Juice. See Molasses.

Canella Alba, per Cwt.

Canes, common Rattan, per 1,000

Ground Rattan or Walking Sticks, per 1,000 Cannons. See Iron.

Cantharides, per Cwt.

Canvas, per Dozen Bolt -

Caoutchouc. See India Rubber.

Capers, per Cwt.

Cardamons, per Cwt. -

Carraway Seed, per Cwt.

Carriages or Coaches, 4 Wheels, each 2 Wheels, each

Carrots, per Ton ...

Carts, small, each -

large, each ...

Cart-wheels. See Wheels.

Cases of Cotton Goods. See Bales.

Cases or Casks of Goods not enumerated: — Butt or Case, 81 Feet and upwards Hogshead or Case, 56 Feet to 80 Feet Puncheon or Case, 21 Feet to 55 Feet Tierce or Case, 20 Feet and under per Barrel -

- Box -

- Keg ....

Cases, empty, 20 Feet and under, each 21 to 55 Feet each 56 to 80 Feet each

RATES.

£ s. d.

_ 0 0 2

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 9

• 0 1 0

- 0 1 0

0 1 0

_ 0 0 1

- 0 0 3

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 0

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 8

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 I

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 1 3

- 0 0 8

_ 0 1 8

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 1

0 0 1

- 0 0 3

' 0 0 9

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 3

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 2 6

- 0 1 6

- 0 0 8

- 0 0 6

0 1 0

0 0 9

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 4

• 0 0 3

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 3

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xx.

£ s. d.

Cases, empty, 81 Feet and upwards, each - 0 0 4

Casks, empty, Pipe, Butt, or Puncheon, each - 0 0 1

Cassia, per Cwt. - - - - - 0 0 1

Castor Beans, per Cwt. Catlings. See Cases and Casks. " 0 0 1

Cattle, Horses, each - - 0 2 0

Oxen and Cows, each ... - - 0 1 6

Ponies, Mules, and Asses, each - 0 0 9

Calves, each 0 0 2

Deer, each 0 0 3

Lambs, Sheep, or Goats, each 0 0 1

Pigs, large, each - - 0 0 1

Caviare, per Package 0 0 1

Chain, per Ton - - - - - - 0 1 0

Chairs, Mahogany, per Dozen - - - - - 0 0 9

Cane, Garden, or Camp Stools, per Dozen - 0 0 6

Cement, per Barrel or Bag - - - - 0 0 1

Chaff Cutters, each - 0 0 4

Chalk, common, per Ton - - 0 0 6

French, per Ton - 0 0 6

Charcoal, per Sack - 0 0 1

per Hogshead - 0 0 6

Chassum, per Cwt. - - - - - 0 0 1

Cheese, per Ton _ - - - 0 1 8

Chesnuts, per Bushel - Chests of Goods not enumerated. See Cases. Cherries. See Apples. 0 0 1

Chicoree Root, per Ton - - 0 0 10

Chilies, per Cwt. - - - 0 0 1

China Root, per Cwt. - - - - - 0 0 1

Chinaware, per Case - 0 0 6

Box - 0 0 4

Chiranga Root, per Cwt. - - 0 0 2

Chirayita, per Cwt. - - - 0 0 1

Chocolate, per Cwt. - - - - - 0 0 2

Cinnabar, per Cwt. - - - 0 0 4

Cinders, Coke, and Culm, per Ton ... - 0 0 3*

Cigars, per Cwt. - - - -Cinnamon. See Cassia. " 0 0 4

Citron in Salt, per Pipe - - - 0 0 6

per Hogshead - -Clinkers. See Bricks (common). Clocks, Wooden. See Toys. Cloves. See Cassia. 0 0 3

Coal, per Ton - 0 0 34

Cobalt, per Box - - 0 0 2

Cobbles, per Ton ... - - 0 0 6

Cochineal, per Cwt. - - -Cocoa, per Ton - 0 0 2

- 0 1 0

Cocoa Nuts, per 100 - 0 0 3

Cocque de Perle, per Chest ... - - 0 0 3

Coculus Indicus, per Cwt. - - - 0 0 1

Coffee, per Ton - - - - - 0 1 0

Coin, per Package - - - 0 0 6

100

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xi.

Coir, rough, press-packed, per Ton Yarn, per Ton -

Rope, under 6 Inches per Ton -Coloquintida, per Cwt.

Colours, Painters, per Cwt.

Columbo Root, per Cwt.

Copper Ore, Nails, and Sheets, per Ton -

Coppers and Stills, per Ton -Copperas, per Ton -

Coquilla Nuts, per 1,000 -

Cordage. See Rope.

Cordials. See Spirits.

Coriander Seed, per Ton -

Cork, per Cwt. -Cornelians. See Agates.

Corn. See Grain.

Cotton Wool, per Cwt.

Couhage, per Cwt.

Cowries, per Cwt. Cranberries, per Pipe or Puncheon

per Hogshead -

per Barrel or Anker ...

per Keg or Half Anker Cream of Tartar, per Ton -

Crystal, rough, per Ton -

Cubebs, per Cwt. -

Cubic Nitre. See Saltpetre.

Cummin Seed, per Cwt. -

Currants, per Cwt. -

Red, White, &c. See Apples.

Cyder. See Spirits.

Dates, per Cwt.

Deals. Sec Wood.

Diamonds, per Package -

Divi Divi, per Ton -

Dragon’s Blood, per Cwt.

Dripstones, each

Drugs not enumerated, per Cwt. -Earthenware, per Hogshead or large Crate

per Tierce or small Crate -

loose, per Crate, to be estimated at the same Rate. Earth, Fuller’s, per Ton -

Eau de Cologne, per Case -

per Box - - ...

Eggs, per Crate - ...

per Tierce or Box -

Elephants Teeth, per Cwt.

Emery Stone. See Stone.

Engines, Steam. See Iron.

Fire. See Carriages.

Essences, per Package -

Extract of Oak Bark, per Cwt.

medicinal, per Cwt.

£ s. d.

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 ] 0

0 1 6

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 0 H

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 8

0 1 0

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 0 10

0 0 1

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 8

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 0 2

12° VICTORIA, Cap. x\.

101

RATES.

£ s. d.

Fans, per Case or Box - - - . 0 0 4

Feathers, Bed, per Cwt. .... - 0 0 4

Ostrich, &c., per Package ... - 0 0 4

Felt, per Ton - 0 0 8

Figs, per Cwt. - 0 0 3

Fire-arms, per Chest ... - 0 0 4

per Case .... - 0 0 3

Fish, Cod, 8tc., per Basket .... - 0 0 1

loose, per Score .... 0 0 I

dried, per Ton .... - 0 1 6

. in Cases, &c. See Cases and Casks.

Herrings, per Barrel .... - 0 0 2

Flax, per Cwt. - 0 0 H

Cordilla or Tow, per Ton ... - 0 0 8

Flour, per Bag or Sack .... - 0 0 2

Frankincense, per Cwt. ... - 0 0 1

Furniture in Packages. See Toys.

Furs. See Skins.

Galangal, per Cwt. - 0 0 1

Galbanum, per Cwt. - . - - 0 0 1

Galls, per Cwt. .... - 0 0 1

Gamboge, per Cwt. .... - 0 0 1

Geneva. See Spirits.

Gentian Root, per Cwt. .... - 0 0 1

Gigs. See Carriages.

Ginger, per Ton - 0 1 0

Ginseng Root, per Cwt. .... - 0 0 1

Glass, per Hhd., Chest, Tierce, or Crate - 0 0 6

per smaller Package .... - 0 0 1

Glue, per Ton - 0 1 0

Goats Hair. See Wool.

Grain and Seed, per Quarter ... - 0 0 6

Granilla, per Cwt. - 0 0 2

Grapes, per Box or Jar .... - 0 0 I

Grass, Foreign, per Cwt. .... . 0 0 1

Sea* per Ton .... - 0 1 0

Grates and Stoves:

large, each - 0 0 6

middle, each .... - 0 0 4

small, each 0 0 2

Gravel or Sand, per Ton .... - 0 0 6

Grease, per Ton 0- 0 8

Grindstones, every 12 Inches in Diameter - 0 0 1

Greaves, per Ton - 0 1 0

Grits, per Firkin .... - 0 0 1

Guano, per Ton - 0 0 6

Guinea Grains, per Cwt ... . 0 0 1

Gum, per Ton .... - 0 1 0

Guns. See Iron.

Hardware. See Iron Manufactures.

Hair, per Ton - .... - 0 1 0

Hampers of Liquids, per Dozen Quarts - 0 0 I

102

12° VICTORIA, Cop.xi.

RATES.

Hams, loose, per Score ...

in Packages. See Bacon.

Hartall, per Ton

Hats. See Cases and Casks.

Hay or Grass, per Ton

Hemp, per Cwt.

Cordilla or Tow, per Ton. See Cordilla. Herrings. See Fish.

Hides, Calf and Kip Skins, dried or salted, per Ton Hones, per Cwt.

Honey, per Cwt.

Hoofs, per Ton ....

Hoops, Wooden, per Bundle Iron. See Iron.

Hops, per Cwt.

Horns, Tips or Plates, per Ton

Indian Rubber, loose, per Cw't. -

in Packages, per Cwt.

Indigo, per Cwt.

Ink, China, per Cwt.

Inkle, per Cwt.

Ipecacuanha, per Cwt.

Iron, in Bars, Shot, Pigs, Packages, or loose, per Ton Iron, Hoops, per Ton ....

Manufactures or Machinery, in Packages of 20 Cwt. and not exceeding 5 Tons each, per Cwt.

LL Case under 20 Cwt. each -

L Case or Hogshead under 20 Cwt. each

M Case or Tierce, ditto -

S Case or Barrel, ditto -

Box or Keg ....

Anchors, Boilers, Castings, Engines, Guns, &c. under 20 Cwt. each, per Ton ...

20 Cwt. and not exceeding 5 'Pons each, per Ton exceeding 5 Tons each, per Ton Anvils, Vices, &c., as Iron Castings, Saws, large, per Bundle, about 4 Cwt. each -

Iron Plates, tinned, per Box ...

Isinglass, per Cwt.

Ivory, per Cwt.

Jalap, per Cwt.

Junk or old Hope, per Ton Jute, pressed, packed, per Ton Juice or Syrup. See Molasses.

Kelp, per Ton Kips, per Ton

Lac Dye, per Chest Lace, Case or Box Lacquered Ware. See Toys. Lard in Bladders, per Score

£ s. d.

0 0 3

0 1 0

0 2 0

0 0 1*

0 0 10

0 0 1

0 0 4

0 0 8

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 10

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 1 0

0 2 0

0 1 6

0 1 6

0 0 9

0 0 G

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 8

0 ] 6

0 2 0

0 0 3

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 0 8

0 0 10

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 3

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xi.

103

Lard in Casks. See Bacon.

Laths. See Wood.

Lavender Flowers, per Cwt.

Lead, Pig or Sheet, per Ton

Black or White, per Ton Shot, per Cwt.

Leather, under 1 Cwt., per Package 1 to 3 Cwt. per Package 3 to 5 Cwt. per Package Leeches, per Package Lemons. See Oranges.

Lime, per Ton ...

Limes, per Barrel Lime Juice. See Spirits.

Linens. See Bales and Cases.

Linseed. See Grain.

Cake. See Oilcake.

Liquorice, or Succus Liquoritae, per Ton Root, Bundles or loose, per Ton Locomotive Engines. See Iron.

Maccaroni. See Vermicelli.

Mace, per Cwt.

Machinery. See Iron Manufactures. Madder, per Hogshead Root, per Ton Malt, per Quarter Manganese, per Ton Mangles, each Manna, per Cwt.

Manure, Carbonaceous, per Ton Marble Baths, each

Mortars, per Ton Slabs, per Cwt.

Rough, in Packages, per Cwt. Block, per Ton of 12 Cubic Feet Marbles, per Barrel Mastic Gum. See Gum.

Mats, Petersburgh, per 144 Archangel, per 120 Indian, Chest or Bundle Meal. See Flour.

Melons, per Basket Melting Pots, per Hogshead Mohair Yarn, per Cwt.

Molasses, per Puncheon Moss, Rock or Iceland, per Cwt.

Mother-o’-Pearl Shells, per Cwt.

Ware. See Toys.

Mules. See Cattle.

Munjeet. See Madder Root.

Musical Instruments, per Case per Box

Mustard, per Barrel

HATES.

£ s. d.

0 0 o

- - 0 1 6

- 0 2 0

- U. 0 0 3

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 4

- - 0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 1 0

" " 0 1 6

- - 0 0 2

_ 0 0 4

- - 0 I 0

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 8

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 2 0

- - 0 1 0

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 1 4

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 4

- - 0 0 4

- - 0 0 4

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 1 6

- - 0 0 1

" " 0 0 1

0 2 0

- - 0 0 4

- - 0 0 2

104

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xi.

Mustard, per Keg, Box, or Package Myrabolams, per Cwt.

Myrrh, per Cwt.

Nails, One Cwt. and upwards per Package Nanari, per Cwt.

Nankeen, per Chest Nickel, per Ton Nitrate of Soda, per Ton Nutmegs, per Cwt.

Nuts, per Bag Nux Vomica, per Cwt.

Oakum, per Ton Oatmeal. See Flour.

Ochre, per Ton Oil, Castor, per Cwt.

Chemical. See Essences.

Fish, Olive, Seed, Palm, and Nut, per Chests, Jars, Canisters, &c., per Cwt. Oil Cake, per Ton Old Rope. See Junk.

Olibanum. Sec Gum.

Olives, per Barrel per Keg

per Jar of Two Quarts Onions, per Bushel

Opium, per Cwt.

Oranges and Lemons, per Chest per Box Peel, per Cwt.

Orchella Weed, per Cwt.

Orpiment, per Cwt.

Orrice Root, per Cwt.

Orsidew, per Package Ostrich Feathers, per Package Otto of Roses. See Essences.

Ox Bows, per Dozen Bundles Oxen. See Cattle.

Packs or Shakes. See Casks, empty. Paddy. See Grain.

Paint, per Cwt.

Paper, per Ton ...

Hanging, per Case Parcels, about 12 Inches square each Pease, per Tierce

per Barrel ...

in Bulk. See Grain.

Pellitory Root, per Cwt.

Pepper, per Ton

Pianofortes, each ...

Pessara, per Cwt.

Pickles, in Jars or Kegs, each Pictures. See Cases of Goods.

Ton of 20 Cwt.

RATES.

£ s. d.

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 1

- 0 0 1J

0 0 2

- 0 0 2 0 1 0 0 0 6 0 0 2 0 0 1 0 0 I

0 0 9

0 0 8 0 0 1

0 0 8 0 0 3 0 0 8

0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 3 0 0 1 - 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 3 0 0 4

0 0 1

0 0 2 0 1 0 0 0 3 0 0 1 0 0 2 - 0 0 1

0 0 1 0 0 10 0 2 0 0 0 1 0 0 1

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xi.

105

Piece Goods. See Bales.

Pigs. See Cattle.

Pill Boxes in Vats, large Vat smaller Packages Pimento, per Ton -

Pink Root, per Cwt. -Pipe Clay, per Ton Pipes, Tobacco. See Earthenware.

Pitch, per Barrel -

Burgundy, per Ton ... Plants and Trees, above 5 Cwt., per Package 2 to 5 Cwt., per Package under 2 Cwt., per Package Plaster of Paris, per Ton Ploughs, each ....

Plums. See Raisins.

Green. See Apples.

Pomegranate Peel, per Cwt.

Porcelain. See Chinaware.

Pork. See Beef and Pork.

Potatoes, per 5 Quarters or Ton Pots, Chimney, per Dozen -

Poultry, Fowls, &c., per Dozen Geese, &c., per Dozen Preserves. See Succades.

Prunes. See Raisins.

Prussiate of Potash, per Ton -

Pozzolano, per Ton -

Pyrolignate of Lead, per Ton

Quassia, in Packages, per Cwt.

Quicksilver, per Bottle

Quills, per Vat ...

per Hogshead or Case per Tierce, Bale, or Barrel Quinine, per Case -

Rabbits, per Score ....

Rags, per Ton ....

Raisins, in Casks, per Ton

in Boxes under 28 Pounds each, per Score 28 to 56 Pounds each, per Score 57 to 84 Pounds each, per Score 85 to 112 Pounds each, per Score Frails or Baskets, per Score in Half or Quarter Drums, per Score Rape Cake. See Oil Cake.

Rhatania Root, per Cwt.

Extract. See Extract, Medicinal.] Rhubarb, per Cwt.

Rice, per Cwt.

Roots, Flower. See Cases and Casks.

Rope, old. See Junk.

Rope, Wire. See Wire.

[.Local.] 1) d

£ s. d.

0 1 6

. - 0 0 8

- . 0 1 0

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 8

0 0 3

- . 0 1 0

- 0 0 4

. - 0 0 2

. - 0 0 1

- - 0 1 6

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 1

0 0 8

- - 0 0 3

. . 0 0 1

- - 0 0 2

0 0 6

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 6

_ _ 0 0 1

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 2

_ _ 0 0 1

- - 0 0 8

- - 0 0 10

- - 0 0 4

- - 0 0 6

- 0 0 8

- - 0 0 10

- - 0 0 5

- - 0 0 3

- - 0 0 2

_ _ 0 0 2

■ - 0 0 1

106

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xi.

Rope, new, 6 Inches and under, per Cwt.

above 6 Inches. Sec Cables.

Rosin, per Barrell -Rum. See Spirits.

Rushes, per Load of 63 Bunches

Sacks of Goods not enumerated, each Sac Saturni, per Cwt. -

Safflower, per Ton Saffron, per Cwt. -

Sago, per Ton ...

Sal Ammoniac, per Ton Salmon, per Tierce or Chest Salpetre, per Ton

Salt, per Ton ...

Sand, per Ton

Sarsaparilla, per Cwt. -

Sassafras, per Cwt.

Scammony, per Cwt.

Scythe Blades, per Dozen Seahorse Teeth. See Ivory.

Seed Lac, per Ton -

Seed, Forest, and Rye Grass, per Bag

per Sack or Quarter Seeds; viz., Clover and other Agricultural, in Package

Linseed, Rapeseed, Hempseed, &c. See Grain. Senna, per Cwt.

Shale or Schist, per Ton ...

Shellac, per Ton Shoddy. See Wool.

Shot Lead. See Lead.

Iron, loose. See Iron.

Shrub. See Spirits.

Shumac, per Ton ....

Silk, per Cwt.

Waste, per Cwt.

Skins, dried or salted, loose or in Packages, per Cwt.

Slate, per Ton

Pencils, per Cwt.

Slates in Frames. See Cases and Casks.

Smalts, per Ton ....

Soap, per Hogshead - - .

per Chest -

per Firkin or Box Soda, per Ton ....

Sofas, each - - .

Spades, Shovels, Scythes, Sickles, &c. per Dozen Spelter, per Ton ....

Spetches, per Ton ....

Spirits and Wine, per Butt above 150 Gallons per Pipe or Puncheon per Hogshead per Barrel or Quarter Cask per Keg or Demijohn

£ 5. d.

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 3

- 0 0 8

0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 10

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 2

- 0 1 0

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 1

_ 0 1 0

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 2

Ton 0 1 8

. 0 0 1

- 0 0 6

- 0 1 0

0 0 9

0 0 2 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 6 0 0 1

0 0 10 0 0 8 0 0 2 0 0 1 0 0 6 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 8 0 0 JO 0 0 10 0 0 8 0 0 4 0 0 2 0 0 1

12° VICTORIA, Cap. x\.

107

Spirits and Wine, in Cases, per Dozen Quarts Ditto - ditto - Pints Sponge, per Cwt.

Spruce Beer, per Dozen Keg ...

Squills, per Ton

Starch, per Ton -

Steel, loose or in Bundles, per Ton.

in Packages. See Hardware.

Stick Lac. See Seed Lac.

Stock Fish. See Fish, Cod.

Stone, Block, Ashlar or Step, per Ton of 16 Cubic Feet Flag or Paving, per Ton of 12 Superficial Yards Mill or Grave, per Ton of 16 Cubic Feet Burr, per Score -

Buoy, per Ton -

Cisterns, per Ton of 60 Pecks Contents Grinding, every 12 Inches Diameter Emery, Lithographic, Turkey, and Pumice, per Ton Emery in Bulk, per Ton ...

Jars and Bottles. See Bottles.

Stoves and Grates. See Grates.

Straw, per Ton

Succades, under 56 lbs., per Package 57 to 112lbs., ditto

above 1 Cwt. ditto ...

Sugar, per Hhd.

in Loaves, per Score -

Sunn. See Jute.

Sweepwashers Dirt, per Ton

Tallow, per Ton -

Tamarinds. See Succades.

Tanners Waste. See Spetches.

Tapioca, per Cwt.

Tar, per Barrel

Tares. See Grain.

Tarras, per Ton

Tea, 20 lbs. and under, per Package or Box

21 to 45 lbs., per Package or Quarter Chest 46 to 84lbs., per ditto or Half ditto 85 to 140 lbs., per Ditto or Chest 141 lbs. and upwards, per ditto or Chest Teazles, 30 Feet and under, per Package

31 to 50 Feet, per ditto -

51 to 80 Feet, per ditto 81 and upwards, per ditto Terra Japonica, Sienna, and Verde, per Ton Tiles, per 1,000 -

Tin, per Ton ....

Ore, per Ton -

Tincal, per Ton

Tobacco, per Hogshead *

per Tierce -

per Barrel -

£ s. d.

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 3

- 0 1 0

- 0 1 0

" 0 0 6

0 0 6

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 8

- 0 0 9

- 0 0 10

- 0 0 »

- 0 0 1

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 10

0 2 0

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 2

- 0 2 6

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 8

- 0 0 8

0 0 1

- 0 0 3

_ 0 0 8

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 3

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 5

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 3

. 0 0 6

- 0 0 8

- 0 0 9

- 0 1 0

• 0 0 8

- 0 0 10

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 8

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 2

108

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xi.

Tobacco, Pipes. See Earthenware.

Tongues, loose, per Gross -

in Packages. See Beef and Pork.

Tonquin Beans, per Cwt.

Tortoise Shell, per Cwt.

Tow, per Ton -

Toys, 20 Feet and under, per Package -

21 to 40 Feet, per ditto - ...

41 to 80 Feet, per ditto ...

81 to 160 Feet, per ditto ....

161 Feet and upwards, per ditto -

Treenails. See Wood.

Trunks. See Cases.

Turmeric, per Ton ...

Turnips, per Ton

Turpentine, per Barrel ....

Turf, per Ton ....

Twine, per Cwt.

Valonia, per Ton

Varnish, per Cwt.

Vanellas. See Succades.

Verdigris, per Ton -

Vermicelli, per Cwt. -

Vermillion, per Cwt. -

Vinegar. See Spirits.

Vitriol, per Carboy ...

Waggons, each -

Walnuts, per Bushel ...

Water, Mineral. See Spirits and Wine in Cases.

Wax, Sealing, per Cwt.

Weights, Iron. See Iron Castings.

Weld or Woad, per 60 Bunches ....

Whale Fins, per Ton

Wheelbarrows, each - ....

Wheels, Iron. See Iron Castings.

Wood, small, per Pair .... large, per Pair -

Whisk Brooms, loose, per 1,000 -

in Bales. See Bales.

Whiskey. See Spirits.

Whiting, per Ton

Wine. Sec Spirits.

Winnowing Machines. See Carts.

Wire Iron, loose or in Bundles, or Wire Rope, per Cwt. in Cask. See Hardware.

Plated, Gilt and Copper, in Bundles, per Cwt.

Wood, Dyers, &c.; viz. Bar, Box, Brazil, Brazilletto, Cam, Cocus, Ebony, Fustic, Lignum Vita, Logwood, Nicaragua, Quassia, Sandal, Sanders, Sapan, Sassafras, per Cwt Wood, Furniture; viz. Cedar, Mahogany, Rose, Satin, &c., per Ton - _ r

Deals, Battens, Ends, Boards, per Load of 50 Cubic Feet

RATES.

£ S. d.

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 9

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 2 0

0 0 10

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 0 10

0 0 1

0 1 0

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 2 0

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 4

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 9

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 1 3

0 0 6

12" VICTORIA, Cap.Ts\.

RATES.

Wood, Firewood, per Fathom of 216 Cubic Feet -

Gunstoeks, per 120 -

Handspikes, not exceeding 7 Feet long, per 120 exceeding 7 Feet long, per 120 Knees, under 5 Inches square, per 120 -

5 and under 8 Inches square, per 120 Lathwood, per Fathom of 216 Cubic Feet

Laths, per Fathom of 216 Cubic Feet ... Oars, under 24 Feet long, per 120 -

24 Feet and under 32 Feet long, per 120 32 Feet and upwards, per 120 - *

Scoops, per 120

Spars, under 4 Inches Diameter, per 120 -

and under 6 Inches Diameter, per 120 -

6 Inches and upwards, as Timber, 40 Feet to a Load.

Spokes, not exceeding 2 Feet long, per 1,000 exceeding 2 Feet long, per 1,000 -

Staves, per Load of 50 Cubic Feet -

Rickers, per 120 ...

Staves, Baltic Pipe, per 120 ....

Hogshead, per 120 ...

Barrel, per 120

Heading, per 120 - ....

Thin Pipe, 1 to 1J Inch thick, per 120 Hogshead, per 120 -

Barrel and Heading, per 120 -

Pipe Board, 3 Inch thick, per 120 Billet, Oak, or Ash, above 3J Inches and not exceeding 4 Feet long, per 120 exceeding 1| to 3£ Inches, per 120 under 1£ Inches, per 120 ...

Packs. See Casks, empty.

Staves, American, per Quebec Standard of 120 of 5£ Feet long by 11 Inch thick -

Staves, American, Quebec Puncheon, St. John’s Ash and Oak Hogshead, per 120 Staves, in Packs. See Casks, empty.

Timber and Planks; viz. Fir, Square, per Load of 50 Feet

Round, per Load of 40 Feet Ash, Birch, Beech, and Elm, ditto - - ditto

Oak, Teak, Wainscot, and other hard Wood, per Load of 40 Feet

Treenails, under 2 Feet long, per 1,200 -

2 Feet and upwards, per 1,200 Timber and Wood lying in the Dock beyond 14 Days to be charged 2d. per Load per Week, in addition to the Rates before specified.

Wool, Sheep, per Cwt.

Cotton. See Cotton.

Shoddy, press-packed, per Ton -

not press-packed, per Ton -

Yarn, loose or in Bundles, per Ton -

£ s. d.

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 1 6

0 1 0

0 1 3

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 1 0

0 0 8

0 0 8

0 1 0

0 1 3

0 1 9

0 0 6

0 2 0

0 0 9

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 0 3

0 0 4

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 1 0

0 0 10

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 9

0 0 9

0 1 3

0 1 6

0 1 0

0 1 6

0 0 n

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 0 9

110

12° VICTORIA Cup.xi.

RATES.

£ s. d.

Zaffers, per Ton - - - - - 0 0 10

Zinc, per Ton - - - - - 0 0 8

Sulphate of, per Ton " * " * " 0 0 10

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

, >! I >1 .

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIA REGIN. E,

Cap. xii.

An Act for better assessing the Poor Rates on small Tenements in certain Parishes and Places within the Union of Kidderminster.

[24th May 1849.]

WHEREAS the following Parishes and Places situate within the Union of Kidderminster, (that is to say,) Kidderminster Foreign, Lower Mitton, Bewdley, Woloerley, Chaddesley Corbett, Ribbesford, Churchill, Stone, Rushock, and Broome, all in the County of Worcester, Upper Arley in the County of Stafford, and Dowles in the County of Salop, contain a great Number of small Tenements, which are let at small annual Rents, and the Poor belonging thereto are numerous, and supported at a great Expense, and in consequence of the Inability of the Occupiers of such Tenements to pay the Poor Rates thereupon imposed the same are in a great measure rendered unproductive, and it is expedient therefore that better Provision should be made for the rating of such small Tenements to such Rates, and for the collecting of such Rates; but tire same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in [Local.] Ff legal

114

[Short Title.]

Construction of certain Terms in this Act.

Owners of Tenements rated to the Poor Rates at any Sum not exceeding 11. to be rated instead of Occupiers.

How Actions may be brought.

Notice of Action.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xii.

leo-al and other Instruments and Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to° use the Expression " The Kidderminster Union Small Tenements Rating Act, 181-9."

II. And be it enacted, That in construing this Act Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number; and the Word " Person " shall include Corporation; and the Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females as well as Males; the Word " Rate" shall include Assessments; the Word " Parish" shall include any Borough, Hamlet, or other Place; the Word " Overseers" shall include Churchwardens, Assistant Churchwardens, and Assistant Overseers and Collectors; and the Word " Tenement" shall include Lands and Hereditaments and all Property whatsoever rateable to the Poor Rates, unless in any of the Cases aforesaid there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

III. And be it enacted, That after the passing of this Act the Owner of every Tenement within the following Parishes in the Union of Kidderminster, (that is to say,) Kidderminster Foreign, Lower Mitton, Bewdley, Woloerley, Cliaddesley Corbett, Ribbesford, Churchill, Stone, Rushock, and Broome, all in the County of Worcester, Upper Arley in the County of Stafford, and Dowles in the County of Salop, or any or either of them, which shall be assessed to the Poor Rate at any annual Sum not exceeding Seven Pounds rateable Value, ascertained according to Law, shall hereafter be rated to and pay such Poor Rates instead of the actual Occupier of the same Tenement; and upon Nonpayment of any such Rate, or of the Sum for which the same may be compounded, as in this Act mentioned, such Rate or Sum may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner wheresoever the same may be found, in like Manner as Poor Rates within the said Parishes respectively may by Law now be levied and recovered from Occupiers, or the same may be recovered from such Owner by Action of Debt at the Suit of the Party authorized to make or recover such Rate, with Costs, in any Court of Law having competent Jurisdiction.

IV. And it enacted, That in any Action or other Proceeding it shall be sufficient to sue by the Name or Description of " The Overseers of the Poor" of the Parish in which the Tenement in respect of the Rate whereon such Action or other Proceeding shall have arisen shall be situate, without specifying the individual Names of such Overseers, and whether the Cause of such Action or Proceeding shall have arisen whilst the Overseers for the Time being shall have been in Office, or in the Time of any of their Predecessors in Office; and no such Action or Proceeding shall abate or be discontinued by reason of the Death, Removal, or Retirement of all or any of the Persons who may have been such Overseers when the same was commenced, or during the Continuance of the same.

V. And be it enacted, That before any Action for the Recovery of any Rate or Composition shall be commenced, a Notice, signed by

6 ° the

115

12° VICTORIA, Cap.sW.

the Person or Persons intending to bring such Action, or their or his Attorney, shall be sent by Post to or left at the existing or last known Place of Abode of the Person liable to pay such Rate or Composition, or if the existing and last Place of Abode of such Person cannot be discovered, then left at or upon the Tenement in respect of which he shall be liable to such Rate or Composition, which said Notice shall state that a certain Rate or Composition for a Rate, as the Case may be, (describing the same,) is due from such Person, and that at the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the posting or leaving of the said Notice an Action at Law will be commenced for the Recovery of such Rate or Composition (as the Case may be), unless the same shall in the meantime be discharged : Provided also, that no such Action shall be commenced under the Authority of this Act after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months from the Time when such Rate or Composition (as the Case may be) shall have become due.

VI. And in order to prevent Disputes touching the Meaning of Designation the Word "Owner" in this Act, be it enacted, That as well the of Owner, actual Owner as the Landlord, Lessor, or other Person or Persons receiving or claiming to be entitled to the Rent of any Tenement immediately payable by the Tenant or Occupier thereof, either on his

own Account or as Agent of any other Person, or the Mortgagee in receipt of such Rent, shall be deemed and taken to be the Owner of the same for the Purposes of this Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That if on the Request of the Officer autho- Penalty on rized to make or collect any such Rate as aforesaid within any of the Occupiers said Parishes the Tenant or Occupier of any such Tenement as afore- r*USvj®nJ° said within such Parish shall refuse or wilfully omit to disclose, or of Owner'' shall wilfully mis-state to such Officer, the Name of the Landlord, when re-Owner, or Lessor of such Tenement, or of the Person receiving or quested, authorized to receive the Rent of the same, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County within which such Parish or Hamlet may be, on Oath made before him of such Request, and of such Refusal or wilful Omission or Mis-statement, to summon, by Writing under his Hand, the Person who shall have so refused or wilfully omitted or mis-stated as aforesaid to appear at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons before any Two Justices for the same County, and such Summons may be served by delivering a Copy thereof to the Person summoned, or by leaving the same at his Dwelling House or last known Place of Abode; and if the Person so summoned shall neglect or refuse to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Summons, or if he shall attend and shall not show good Cause to the Justices then present for such his Refusal or wilful Omission or Mis-statement, it shall be lawful for such Justices forthwith, or (in case of the Neglect or Refusal of such Person to attend as aforesaid) upon Proof of the due Service of the said Summons, to convict the Person who shall have so refused or wilfully omitted or have made such wilful Mis-statement, and upon such Conviction to order and adjudge that such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, with Costs, to be recovered by Warrant of Distress under the Hands of such Justices; and such

Penalty,

116

The Word " Owner" a sufficient Description, if Name unknown.

Person rated as Owner to rote.

Hate Books to be open to Inspection of Owners.

Owner may compound for Hates.

Occupier liable to be distrained upon for Arrears of Rates.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xn.

Penalty, when levied, shall be applied to the Purposes for which the said Rates are to be applied.

VIII. And be it enacted, That whenever the Name of any Owner of any such Tenement as aforesaid shall not be known, it shall be sufficient to rate such Owner in the Rate Book of the Parish in which such Tenement shall be situate as the Owner thereof by the Description of " Owner " only, without stating his Name.

IX. And be it enacted, That every Person so rated as an Owner, and who shall have paid all Rates due, shall be entitled to be present and vote in Vestry in like Manner as if he was the Occupier of the Tenement in respect of which he shall be rated and was rated as such Occupier.

X. And be it enacted, That the respective Rate Books of the Officers authorized to make or collect any of the said Rates in either of the said Parishes shall be open for the Inspection of the Owner of any such Tenement as aforesaid, without Tee or Reward, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as such Rate Books are now by Law required to be open to the Inspection of other Rate-payers.

XI. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Owner shall have been rated or shall have been liable to be rated in pursuance of this Act in respect of any such Tenement as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Owner to give Notice in Writing to the Officer authorized to make or collect any such Rate of his Intention to compound for the same, by Payment of a reduced Rate, whether such Tenement be occupied or not, and that in every such Case every such Owner shall thenceforth, until he shall give Notice in Writing for determining such Composition, be liable to pay Two Thirds only of the Amount of any such Rate; and all such Compositions shall be entered in the Rate Book of such Officers, and such Owners shall be thenceforth rated accordingly.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Goods and Chattels of any Person renting or occupying any Tenement the Owner whereof is by this Act made liable to pay the said Rates shall be liable at all Time’s to be distrained and sold for Payment of any Rate or Composition, or of such Part of any Rate or Composition, and all Arrears thereof, as shall become due in respect of the same Tenement during the Time of his Occupancy only, but no such Occupier shall at any Time be required to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Discharge of any such Rate or Composition or Arrears than the Amount of the Rent actually due by such Occupier to the Owner of the Tenement so occupied by him at the Time when the said Rate shall be made and demanded : 1 rovided also, that each and every such Occupier who shall pay any such Rate or Composition, or Arrears, or any Part thereof, or upon whose Goods and Chattels the same shall be levied, may from lime to lime deduct the Amount of such Rate or Composition or Money which shall be so paid or levied from the Rent then due or at any Time thereafter to become due from him to the

Owner

117

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xii.

Owner of such Tenement, and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Occupier against the Owner for so much Money as he shall have paid in the Manner directed by this Act, or shall have sustained the Loss of by reason of any Distress made under this Act.

XIII. And be it enacted, That every Summons or Warrant of Distress for Nonpayment of any Rate or Composition payable by virtue of this Act may include several Persons as well one Person, and several Sums in respect of several Tenements of which the same Person may be Owner.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all Rates to the Payment of which the Owner of any Tenement is hereby made liable shall and may be appealed against by such Owner in the same Manner as the Poor Rate within the Parish in which such Tenement shall be situate may now or at any Time hereafter be appealed against: Provided also, that in case any Owner shall be rated in respect of any Tenement, and shall appeal against such Rate, and thereby seek to increase the Assessment of the same Tenement so as to throw the Burden thereof on the Person renting or occupying the same, or if the Person so renting or occupying the same shall be rated in respect of such Tenement, and shall appeal against such Rate, and thereby seek to diminish the Assessment of such Tenement, so as to throw the Burthen thereof on the Owner of the said Tenement, then and in either of the said Cases the Justices of the Peace before whom such Appeal shall be brought shall Hot hear such Appeal until sufficient Proof shall be given before them that the Person so renting or occupying as aforesaid, or the Owner as aforesaid, (as the Case may be,) shall have had Ten Days Notice of such Appeal, by Writing under the Hand of the Party intending to appeal, either by Service thereof upon him, or by Delivery thereof at his usual or last known Place of Abode, stating in such Notice the Grounds of such Appeal.

XV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases whenever the Tenant or Occupier of any Tenement within either of the said Parishes (in respect of which Tenement the Owner thereof shall be rated under the Provisions of this Act) shall be desirous of being rated instead of such Owner to the Rates herein-before mentioned, the Officers authorized to make or collect the same Rates are hereby authorized and required, upon the Application of such Tenant or Occupier, to rate such Tenant or Occupier, and insert his Name in their Rate Books in respect of such Tenement, instead of the Owner thereof; and in case such Officer shall neglect or refuse so to do such Tenant or Occupier shall nevertheless be deemed to have been rated in respect of such Tenement from the Period at which the Rate shall have been made in respect of which he shall have so claimed to be rated as aforesaid, and upon Payment or Tender by him of such Rate shall be entitled to the same Powers and Privileges in all respects as other Persons would be entitled to who had been included in and had paid the same Rate in respect of any other Tenement in the same Parish, anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Summons or Warrant may include several Persons.

Appeal.

Occupier may berated, on his own Application.

118

Omissions in Rates may be supplied.

Justices may order Rates to be remitted in certain Cases.

Rates to be apportioned on Holder quitting.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xii.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if the Name of any Person liable to be rated shall be omitted from any such Rate as aforesaid, or if any Error shall be made in any Name, or if any Person, after the making of any such Rate, shall become the Owner or Occupier of any Tenement within either of the said Parishes, or shall become liable to be rated in respect of any Tenement by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish to which such Rate refers, at any Time after the Discovery of any such Omission or Error, or new Ownership, Occupancy, or Liability as aforesaid, to cause the Name of every such Person to be corrected or added to or substituted in any such Rate, and every such Person shall thereupon be deemed to all Intents and Purposes to be properly rated, although such Rate shall have been previously allowed and published : Provided always, that any such Person whose Name shall be so inserted in such Rate as last aforesaid may appeal against the same in manner aforesaid at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County in which the Parish or Hamlet to which such Rate refers shall be situate, to be holden next after such Insertion of his Name as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it enacted, That in case the Owner of any Tenement who, under the Provisions herein-before contained, shall be rated for such Tenement, (and who shall not have compounded with the said Overseers as aforesaid,) shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of any Two or more of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County within which the same Tenement shall be situate, that he has been unable, either by reason of there being no sufficient Distress upon the Premises, or by the absconding of any Tenant or Occupier of such Tenement, or by reason of such Tenant or Occupier having become bankrupt or insolvent, or by reason of such Tenement having remained void and unoccupied for the whole or any Part of the Year for which he shall have been rated in respect thereof, to obtain Payment of any Part of the Rent which would otherwise have been paid for the same, it shall be lawful for such Justices, having first duly summoned the Overseers or the Collector of the Parish in which the Premises so rated shall be situated, and having in the Presence of such Overseers or Collector, or in his or their Absence, if he or they shall neglect or refuse to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Summons, duly inquired into and investigated on Oath the Cause or Occasion of such Loss, and whether by due Diligence such Loss might not have been prevented, to remit to such Owner such Portion of the Rate charged upon the said Premises as shall have accrued due for the Period during which such Owner shall by any or either of the Causes aforesaid have been unable to obtain Payment of Rent, and make such Order therein as such Justices may deem expedient.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That when any Rate shall have been made for a particular Period, and the Owner who shall be rated to such Rate shall cease to be the Owner of the 1 enement in respect whereof he shall be rated before the End of such Period, such Owner shall be liable to pay a Portion only of the Rate payable for the whole of such Period proportionate to the Time during which he continued to be Owner; and if any Person shall become the Owner of any Tenement so rated as aforesaid during any Part of any Period for

which

119

12° VICTORIA Cap. xn.

which any Rate shall have been made, such Person shall pay a Portion of such Rate proportioned to the Time during which he shall have held the Tenement so rated.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Tenement rateable under this Act shall have been unoccupied at the Time of making any Rate, and in respect of which no Composition shall have been made as aforesaid, and any Person shall afterwards occupy such Tenement during any Part of the Period for which such Rate shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Overseers to rate the Owner of such Tenement, who shall pay a Portion of the said Rate proportioned to the Time during which such Tenement shall be so occupied as aforesaid.

XX. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to alter, affect, or make void any Covenant, Contract, or Agreement between any Landlord and any Lessee or Tenant relating to the Payment of any Poor Rates within the said Parishes, or any or either of them.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Owner shall be rated in respect of any such Tenement as aforesaid which shall be in the Occupation of any Tenant under any Lease or Agreement made prior to the passing of this Act, such Tenant shall repay to the Owner all Sums paid by him during the Continuance of such Lease or Agreement on account of any Rates by this Act made payable by the Owner, unless it shall have been agreed that the Owner should pay all such Rates in respect of such Tenement; and every Sum so payable by the Tenant to the Owner may be recovered, if not paid upon Demand, in the same Manner as Arrears of Rent due under an actual existing Demise are recoverable.

XXII. And whereas it may happen that after the passing of this Act some Tenements to which this Act extends may be converted into One or more Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, and may be let in Lodgings or separate Apartments : Be it enacted, That in all Cases in which any Tenements within the said Parishes, or any or either of them, now severally assessed or hereafter to be severally assessed to the Poor Rate at any annual Sum not exceeding Seven Pounds rateable Value, ascertained according to Law, shall after the passing of this Act be converted into One or more Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, and be let in Lodgings or separate Apartments, the Owner of such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, whatever the annual rateable Value thereof may be, shall be rated to the before-mentioned Rates in respect of such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Provisions for the Recovery and enforcing Payment of such Rates, as is and are herein directed and contained with respect to such Tenements as aforesaid, and shall be entitled to the same Right of compounding and other Rights, and be subject to the same Liabilities, as the Owners of such Tenements as aforesaid are by this Act entitled and subject unto.

Persons entering upon unoccupied Property to pay a Portion of the Hate.

Not to affect Agreements between Landlords and Tenants.

Tenants under existing Leases to defray Owner’s Amount of Rates paid by them.

Owners of small Tenements converted into Dwelling Houses, and let in Lodgings or sepa rate Apartments, to be rated.

120

Expenses of Act.

[Public Act.]

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xii.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of preparing and passing this Act, and all preliminary and other Charges and Expenses incident to or attending the obtaining thereof, or in any Manner relating thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the first Monies to be received by the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parishes respectively on account of Poor Rates, in the same Proportions in which the said Parishes respectively now contribute or are liable to contribute to the Common or Establishment Charges of the said Kidderminster Union.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 184-9. o

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. xiii.

An Act for the Dissolution of the Argyll Canal Company, and for the Abandonment of their Undertaking.

[24th May 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled " The Argyll Canal Act, 18-i6:" And whereas none of the Powers by the said Act conferred for the Purchase of Lands, and for the Execution of the Works thereby authorized, have been exercised : And whereas it has become expedient that the Company established by the said Act should be dissolved, and the Undertaking abandoned; but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the Undertaking of the Argyll Canal, authorized to be made by the said Argyll Canal Act, 184-6, shall be abandoned, and all the Powers granted to the said Company by the said Act or otherwise [Local.'} H h touching

9& 10 Vict, c. 362.

Undertaking to be abandoned.

122

Company released from any further Liability to make, maintain, &c. the Argyll Canal.

Compensation to be made where Contracts have been entered into or Notices given.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xiii.

touching the Construction, Maintenance, or Management of the said Undertaking shall cease, and the said Company shall exist only for the Purpose of discharging their Debts, Contracts, and other Liabilities, collecting their Assets, distributing their Funds, and winding up their Affairs, and when and so soon as the same shall have been accomplished the said Company shall be dissolved.

II. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, the Company shall be and they are hereby absolutely and entirely released, exonerated, and discharged of and from all Obligation or Liability to make, maintain, and support the said Canal, or any of the Works which they are by the said Act or otherwise authorized or empowered to make and maintain, or to pay any Sums of Money which would have been by them payable in the event of the said Canal having been completed and opened to the Public under the Powers of the said Act, or to purchase or take any of the Lands which they are by the said Act or otherwise authorized to purchase or take, whether any Notice of the Intention of the Company to take or use the same shall or shall not have been given to the Owner or Occupiers thereof, or to complete the Purchase of any Land which may have been agreed to be purchased or taken for the Purpose of making the said Canal or any of the Works connected therewith.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any Case where before the passing of this Act any Contract hath been entered into or Notice given by the Company for purchasing any Lands which the Company were by the said recited Act empowered to purchase for the Purpose of the Formation of the said Canal hereby authorized to be abandoned as aforesaid, the Company shall make to the Owners or Occupiers of and other Parties interested in such Lands full Compensation for all Injury or Damage sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, and other Parties by reason of such Purchase not being completed pursuant to such Contract or Notice; and the Amount and Application of such Compensation shall be determined in the Manner provided by the Lands Clauses Consolidation (,Scotland) Act, 1845, for determining the Amount and Application of the Compensation to be paid for Lands taken under the Provisions thereof: Provided also, that the Authority hereby given for abandoning the Formation of the said Canal shall not prejudice or affect the Right of the Owner or Occupier of any Lands which the Company were so empowered to purchase as aforesaid to receive from the Company Compensation for any Damage that may have been occasioned by the Entry of the Company upon such Lands for the Purpose of surveying and taking Levels, and of probing or boring to ascertain the Nature of the Soil, or of setting out the Line of the Canal, pursuant to the Provisions for that Purpose in the said Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act contained.

e

it

to

IIS

ill

rs,

Oil

lei

ft

to

;bo

12" VICTORIA, Cap. xiii. 123

IV. And be it enacted, That so much of the said recited Act which of

provides that from and after the passing thereof the whole Powers Queen Anne and Authorities conferred or granted by an Act passed in the Sixth retrans-Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne upon Archibald p^e‘liett°0J.,u M‘Allister Esquire, then Proprietor of the Soil of East Tarbert, his 0fstonefield. Heirs and Assignees, should he vested in the said Company, who

should thenceforth take on themselves the whole Obligations thereby imposed, and that it should be lawful for the said Company to levy, collect, and recover the Rates and Duties specified in the said Act, and to exercise and enjoy the whole Powers and Authority in the said Act contained, in the same Manner of Way and as fully and freely as the same Powers and Authorities might have been exercised and enjoyed by the said Archibald Ml Allis ter, his Heirs or Assignees, except in so far as the same Powers and Authorities were altered or varied by the said Act, and that the said Archibald M'Allister and his Heirs and Assignees should be freed and relieved from all Obligations imposed on them by the foresaid Act of Her late Majesty Queen Anne-, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and the said Company shall be and they are hereby absolutely and entirely released, exonerated, and discharged of and from the Obligations imposed as aforesaid; and the said Powers and Authorities shall be exercised and enjoyed by John Campbell Esquire, of Stonefield, now Proprietor of East Tarbert aforesaid, his Heirs and Assignees, as the Successors of the said Archibald M'Allister, his Heirs and Assignees, in the same Manner and Way, to the like Extent, and subject to the same Provisions as if the said Argyll Canal Act had not been passed; and the said John Campbell, his Heirs and Assignees, shall not be bound to account to the said Company for any Dues, Duties, or Sums of Money at any Time received by the said John Campbell at or in respect of the said Harbour, or to pay over the same, or any Sum as Compensation therefor, to the said Company.

V. And be it enacted, That Notice of the Abandonment of the Notice of Undertaking shall be given by Advertisement published Once in 1:>lssolution-the Edinburgh Gazette, and for Three successive Weeks in a Newspaper which shall be published in Edinburgh at least Three

Days in the Week, and in a Newspaper published in the City of Glasgow.

VI. And be it enacted, That within Six Months after the last of Persons such Publications all Persons having any Claim or Demand upon the to said Company in respect of any Contract or Agreement which shall make the have been legally entered into by the Company, and which will be same in six determined by reason of the Abandonment of the said Undertaking, Montl,s'

1 shall give Notice in Writing to the Company of such Claim or Demand, and shall state the Particulars thereof, and the Amount claimed in respect thereof.

124

Disputes as to Debts and Compensation.

Actions, &c. not to abate

As to Distribution of the Funds of the

Company.

Provisions as to Shares and Debts belonging to unknown or incapacitated Persons.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xiii.

VII. And be it enacted, That any Person with whom any such Contract or Agreement shall have been entered into by the Company shall be entitled to Compensation for any Loss or Damage that he may have sustained by reason of the Nonfulfilment thereof; and if any Dispute shall arise as to the Amount of any Debt due by the Company, or as to whether any and what Compensation shall be made by the Company for the Breach of any Contract or Agreement determined by the abandoning of the said Undertaking, the same shall be settled in the Manner provided by the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and for such Purposes the Clauses in the said Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, with respect to the Purchase and taking of Land otherwise than by Agreement, shall, in so far as the same are applicable, be incorporated with this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That no Debt due to or from the Company shall be discharged, and no Action, Suit, or Proceeding whatsoever, commenced either by or against the said Company, shall abate or be discontinued or be prejudicially affected, by virtue or in consequence of the Provisions of this Act, but the same shall continue and take effect as well in favour of as against the said Company in the same Manner in all respects as if this Act had not been passed.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Funds and Property of the said Company shall be from Time to Time applied, under the Control and Superintendence of the Directors of the said Company, in the first place, in the Payment of the Costs and Expenses of applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, or which shall be incurred by such Company or the Directors thereof in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, and then in or towards Payment of the Debts and Liabilities of the Company, or any Composition thereupon; and, subject to such Payments, the Monies and Funds of the Company shall be paid and distributed, under the like Control and Superintendance, amongst the Proprietors for the Time being of Shares in the same Company.

X. And be it enacted, That as concerning any Shares in the Capital of the said Company the Owner or Owners or the Person or Persons entitled to which shall not be known or cannot be found, or in respect of which there shall be no Person competent to receive and give an effectual Discharge for the Monies payable in respect thereof, on the Distribution of the Funds of the said Company, it shall be lawful for the same Company to deposit, invest, and pay into any One of the Banks in Scotland incorporated by Act of Parliament or Royal Charter (any of which Banks is hereby authorized and required to receive the same) such Proportion or distinct Proportions of the Monies to arise from the Property of the same Company as shall correspond with or represent or be payable in respect of the same Shares respectively, in the Manner and subject to the Conditions contained

125

12° VICTORIA, Cajj.xiii.

in " The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," with respect to the Purchase Money or Compensation exceeding Two hundred Pounds coming to Parties having limited Interests, or prevented from treating, or not making Title; and the Monies so to be deposited, invested, and paid shall be applied in pursuance of the Provisions of the same Act in that respect.

XI. And be it enacted, That after the Abandonment of the said Power of

Undertaking, and until all the Debts and Monies due or thereafter to c '°

become due to the said Company shall have been received and reco- until the vered by the Directors for the Time being thereof, or shall have been released, extinguished, or finally abandoned by the same Directors (as t|iem ar(: they are hereby empowered in their Discretion to do), and until all received and Debts, Monies, and Compensation claimed, or which may become Paid

due or be claimed, as herein-before provided, shall have been fully paid, settled, and discharged by the said Directors, as they in their Discretion shall have full Power to do, the said Company shall continue, with the like Powers to use a Common Seal, and to sue and be sued, as they now have, and the said Directors for the Time being shall after the said Abandonment have full Power to use such Common Seal, and to do and perform all other Acts and Things necessary or expedient to be done and performed for recovering and compelling Payment of the said several Monies respectively, and for otherwise winding up the Affairs of the Company: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the Directors of the Company to enter into any new Contract or incur any fresh Liability, excepting so far as the same may facilitate the winding up of the Affairs of the Company.

XII. And be it enacted, That in this Act the following Words and Interpreta-Expressions shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, tion Clause-unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to

such Construction; that is to say,

Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females:

The Word " Person" shall include Corporation:

The Word "Lands" shall extend to Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Heritages of any Description or Tenure:

The Expression " the Undertaking" shall mean the " Argyll Canal, and Works authorized by the Argyll Canal Act, 1846:"

The Expression " the Company " shall mean the " Argyll Canal Company incorporated by the Argyll Canal Act, 1846," their Successors and Assigns.

[Short Title.]

XIII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in any legal Instruments and Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Argyll Canal Company Dissolution Act, 1849."

126

Expenses of Act.

[Public Act.]

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xiii.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses connected with the passing of this Act, or of carrying the same into effect, shall be paid by the Company or the Directors thereof out of the Funds of the Company, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

Cap. xiv.

An Act to amend an Act for the better regulating and improving the Port and Harbour of New Ross in the Counties of Wexford and Kilkenny.

[24th May 1849.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled An Act for the better regulating and improving n& 12 Vict. the Port and Harbour of New ltoss in the Counties of c. 139. Wexford and Kilkenny, it is (amongst other things) enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in execution of said Act to demand for every Vessel (except such as should carry Limestone or Manure as the sole Cargo) using or entering the said Port and Harbour within the Limits of said Port and Harbour any Sum for every Ton Measurement of such Vessel not exceeding the Rates mentioned in Schedule (B.) thereunto annexed:

And whereas by the Schedule (B.) to said recited Act annexed it is provided, that a Rate not exceeding Two-pence per Ton shall be charged upon and paid for and upon every Ton of the Admeasurement of every Vessel (not exceeding One hundred Tons Burthen) for each and every Voyage made to and from the said Port and Harbour of New Ross, and a Rate not exceeding Three-pence per Ton for and upon every Ton of the Admeasurement of every Vessel (Vessels exceeding One hundred Tons Burthen and Foreign Vessels [Z/Oca/.] K h excepted)

130

Rates upon Vessels exceeding 100 Tons Burthen.

Costs of Act.

[Public Act.]

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xiv.

excepted) for each and every Voyage made to and from the said Port and Harbour of New Ross : And whereas the said Schedule (B.) is manifestly incorrect, inasmuch as thereunder Vessels exceeding One hundred Tons Burden using said Port and Harbour of New Ross would escape paying any Rates to said Commissioners, contrary to the Intent of said Act; and it is expedient that the said Schedule should be amended, but same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act to demand a Rate not exceeding Three-pence per Ton for and upon every Ton of the Admeasurement of every Vessel exceeding One hundred Tons Burthen (Foreign Vessels excepted), for each and every Voyage made to and from the said Port and Harbour of New Ross, the same to be payable and recoverable as any other Rate is by the said recited Act made payable and recoverable: Provided always, that no greater Rate than Two-pence per Ton upon Vessels not exceeding One hundred Tons Burthen shall be levied under the said recited Act.

II. And be it enacted, That the Expenses of this Act shall be paid by the Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act, out of the Monies that now are in or may come to their Hands as such Commissioners.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, and be incorporated with and form Part of the said recited Act.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIA REGINA.

Cap. xv.

An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money. ' [24th May 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled " The Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company and Edinburgh, Leith, and Granton Railway Company Amalgamation Act," under the Provisions of which the said Two Companies have been dissolved, and a new Company has been incorporated, under the Name and Style of "The Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company:" And whereas the whole Undertakings of the said Two dissolved Companies in the Counties of Edinburgh, Fife, Perth, and Forfar, authorized by the several Acts of Parliament passed with respective Reference thereto in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth and in the Second and Third, Seventh and Eighth, Eighth and Ninth, Ninth and Tenth, and Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her said present Majesty, have become vested in the same Company : And whereas Two Acts were passed in the last Session of Parliament, by which [Zoca/.] L I Powers

10 &• 11 Vict, c. 239.

134

Increase of Capital.

Existing Guarantees not to be prejudiced.

12° VICTORIA, Cap.zv.

Power? were conferred on the same Company to improve the Harbour of Burntisland in the County of Fife, and to make certain other Branch Railways and Works in the same County : And whereas the Monies authorized to be raised by the several Acts passed with reference to the said Undertakings have been found insufficient for completing the same, and for the other Purposes thereof, and it is expedient that the Company should be enabled to raise a further Sum of Money therefor: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the Purpose of completing the Undertakings of the Company, and for the several other Objects of the said Acts, and for Payment of all Liabilities which may have been incurred or Advances which may have been made by or on the Credit of the Directors of the said Companies, on account of the said Undertakings, and which have been applied to the Objects and Purposes by the said Acts authorized, it shall be lawful for the Company to raise, by creating new Shares, in addition to the Sums of Money which they are already authorized to raise by virtue of the said several Acts, any further Sum of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, in such Manner, and with the like Powers, and subject to the same Provisions under which, by the "Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," they are authorized to raise additional Capital, by the Creation of new Shares, in lieu of borrowing the Sum by their said Acts authorized to be borrowed, or for the Conversion of such Sums, or any Part thereof, if borrowed, into Capital: Provided always, that the nominal Amount of each such new Share so to be created shall be of such Amount, not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds, and shall be entitled to such guaranteed Interest, not exceeding Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, as the Company may determine; provided also, that all and every Part of such Sum of Money so to be raised by the Creation of new Shares shall be applicable only to the Objects and Purposes by this Act authorized. II.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Company, under the Authority of this Act, to give or confer any Guarantee of Interest or Dividend on any Capital to be raised under the Authority thereof which shall be preferable to any other Guarantee of Interest or Dividend theretofore granted by the said Two dissolved Companies or any of them, or by the Company, in pursuance of the Authorities in the before-recited Acts contained, or any of them; and no Guarantee which may be given or conferred pursuant to this Act shall prejudice or affect or be deemed to prejudice or affect any existing Rights conferred upon or with respect to any Stock of the Company which under the Acts creating the same, and under the said first-recited Act, is entitled to any preferential Interest or Dividend, but the same Rights shall continue attached to such last-mentioned Stock, and the same preferential Interest or Dividend shall continue to be paid thereon, before any Dividend or Interest shall be paid upon any Capital or Portion of Capital created under the Authority of this

135

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xv.

Act, anything in this Act to the contrary contained notwithstanding : Provided always, that as respects any Guarantee of Interest or Dividend on any Capital created by the Authority of this Act, the Company may determine and fix the Order of Preference thereof, and Interest or Dividend shall, subject to existing Guarantees, be paid in the Order of Preference so determined or fixed upon by the Company.

III. And be it enacted, That the Capital so be raised by the Creation of new Shares shall be considered as Part of the general Capital of the Company, and shall, except where otherwise provided for by this Act, be subject to the same Provisions in all respects, whether with reference to the Payment of Calls, or the Forfeiture of Shares or Nonpayment of Calls, or otherwise, as if it had been Part of the Capital of the Company authorized to be raised by the " Edinburgh and Northern Railway Act, 1845," and all the Powers and Provisions of the said last-mentioned xAct, and of the other Acts incorporated therewith, applicable to the Capital or other Monies by such Act authorized to be created or borrowed, shall apply to and be in force with respect to the Capital or other Monies authorized to be raised or borrowed by this Act: Provided always, that One Fourth Part of a Share shall be the greatest Amount of any One Call which the Company may make on such new Shares, and that there shall be an Interval of Two Calendar Months at least between the Time fixed for the Payment of One Call and the Time fixed for the Payment of the next succeeding Call; and provided also, that so much of the said " Edinburgh and Northern Railway Act, 1845," which provides that Two Fifths of the Amount of a Share shall be the utmost aggregate Amount of Calls that may be made in any One Year upon any Share, shall not be applicable to any Shares which may be created under the Powers by this Act conferred on the Company.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Proprietors of any new Shares created under the Powers of this Act shall be entitled to such Number of Votes in respect thereof as the nominal Amount represented by such Shares would have entitled them to if they had been possessed of original Shares in the Undertaking authorized by the " Edinburgh and Northern Railway Act, 1845Provided always, that no Proprietor shall be entitled to vote unless he shall be possessed of Shares in the Capital of the Company which shall be of the nominal Amount of Fifty Pounds at the least.

\. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to borrow on Mortgage such Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be authorized to be borrowed by Order of a General Meeting of the Company, not exceeding in the whole, in addition to the Sums already authorized to be borrowed by the said Company, One Third of the additional Capital which at the Time of exercising such borrowing Powers shall have been created under the Authority of this Act, and to secure the Payment of the Sums so to be borrowed, with Interest, by Mortgages of the Undertaking, subject to the same Provisions

New Shares to be considered same as original Shares.

As to Votes of Proprietors of new Shares.

Power to borrow Money on Mortgage.

136

Reborrow-

ing.

Former Mortgages to have Priority.

Mortgages and Transfers, &c. to be stamped.

Interest not to be paid on Calls paid up.

Deposits lor future Bills not to be paid out of the Company’s Capital.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xv.

visions as by the said "Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," were made applicable to the Monies authorized to be raised on Mortgage, and to the Securities thereby authorized to be granted in respect of the same; but no Part of such Sums shall be borrowed until the whole of the Capital of the Company authorized by the said recited Acts, and of the said additional Capital in respect of which such Powers are exercised, shall have been subscribed or taken, and One Half thereof actually paid up : Provided always, that all and every Part of such Sum of Money so to be borrowed shall when raised be applicable only to the Objects and Purposes by this Act authorized.

VI. And be it enacted, That if, after having borrowed any Part of the Money by this Act authorized to be borrowed, the Company shall pay off the same, it shall be lawful for them again to borrow the Sum so paid off, or any Part thereof, and so from Time to Time.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Mortgages granted by the Company before the passing of this Act, and also all other Mortgages affecting the said Undertaking, and made pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in relation thereto, and which shall be in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall during the Continuance thereof have Priority over any Mortgages to be created by virtue of this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every Mortgage, Bond, or other Security for Money, and every Transfer of any Mortgage, Bond, or other Security for Money, to be granted or made by virtue of this Act, shall be by Deed duly stamped, wherein the Consideration for the same shall be duly stated, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company, out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the said Company authorized to be raised by Calls in respect of Shares, or by the Exercise of any Power of borrowing, to pay Interest or Dividend to any Shareholder on the Amount of the Calls made in respect of the Shares held by him in the Capital by this Act authorized: Provided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall be deemed to prevent the said Company from paying to any Shareholder such Interest on Money advanced by him beyond the Amount of the Calls actually made as shall be in conformity with the Provisions in the " Companies Clauses Consolidation ( Scotland) Act, 1845," in that Behalf contained.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company, out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the said Company authorized to be raised for the Purposes of such Act or Acts, to pay or deposit any Sum of Money which by any Standing Order of either House of Parliament, now in force or hereafter to be in force, may be required to be deposited in respect of any

Application

137

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xv.

Application to Parliament for the Purpose of obtaining an Act authorizing the said Company to construct any other Railway or execute any other Work or Undertaking.

XI. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses Expenses of of and attending the passing of this Act or incidental thereto shall Act.

be paid by the Company out of the first Monies which shall come to or be in their Hands, and in preference to any Payment whatsoever.

XII. And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Railway Reign of Iler present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the {^"ubjecuo Conveyance of the Mails by Railway; and another Act was passed provjsjolls ot-in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An i & 2 Vict. Act for regulating Railways; and another was passed in the Sixth c- 98.,

Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for the ^ Vict-better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance of Troops; 5 & g vict. and another Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her c-55.,

said Majesty, intituled An Act to attach certain Conditions to the 7 & 8 Vict. Construction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any g Soviet Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament, and for other cc.S7.&l05. Purposes in relation to Railways; and other Two Acts were passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled respectively An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways, and An Act for constituting the Commissioners of Railways: Be it enacted,

That nothing in this Act contained shall be held to exempt the Railways by the said several Acts authorized, or the said Company, from the Provisions of the said several Acts respectively, but such Provisions shall be in force in respect of the said Railways and Company so far as the same shall be applicable thereto.

XIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be Railways deemed or construed to exempt the Railways by the said recited to be subject Acts authorized to be made, or the Company, from the Provisions of

any general Act relating to such Acts, or of any general Act relating general^Acu to Railways, or to the better and more impartial Audit of the Accounts of Railway Companies, now in force, or which may hereafter pass during this or any future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Rates of Fares and Charges authorized by the said recited Acts.

[Short Title.]

XIV. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, Parliamentary Notices, or other Documents or Pleadings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression "Edinburgh and Northern Railway (Additional Capital) Act, 1849."

XV. And be it enacted, That in this Act the Words " the Com- Interpret*-pany" shall mean the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company tion of incorporated by " The Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company Ierms'

" and Edinburgh, Leith, and Granton Railway Company Amalga-" mation Act."

138

1’ublic Act

12° VICTORIAE, Cap. xv.

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswooooe, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

i i aii i lijgffbr/

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

Cap. xvi.

An Act for the* Management and Disposal of the Freemen’s Pastures in the Parish of Great Grimsby in the Parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln; and for other Purposes.

[24th May 1849.]

WHEREAS there are in the Parish of Great Grimsby in the Parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln certain Pastures known by the Name of the East Marsh, Little Field, and Hay Croft: And whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Great Grimsby claim to be the Owners of the Soil of such Pastures : And whereas the Freemen and Widows of Freemen of such Borough paying Scotland Lot claim to be entitled, when resident within such Borough, to the Pasturage of such Pastures : And whereas under certain Acts of Parliament relating to the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company such Company have purchased and taken a Portion of such Pastures, and the Purchase Money paid for the same hath been invested in the Purchase of the Sum of Nineteen thousand two hundred and sixty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Two-pence Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and such Sum is now standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery to an Account intituled " Ex parte the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire llail-" way Company, in the Matter of the Manchester, Sheffield, and " Lincolnshire Railway Amalgamation Act, 1846, the Account of the " Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Great Grimsby in the County [Loc N n "of

142

7 & 8 G. i.

c. 18.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvi.

" of Lincoln And whereas such Sum of Nineteen thousand two hundred and sixty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Two-pence is or may be liable, under certain Orders of the Court of Chancery, to the Payment thereout of a certain Mortgage Debt charged on the said Little Field and Hay Croft Pastures, and certain Costs and Expenses, and such Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and such Freemen and Widows, respectively claim to be entitled to the Surplus thereof after Payment of such Mortgage Debt, Costs, and Expenses: And whereas a Question is now pending in the Court of Chancery as to the Payment or Deduction out of such Sum of Nineteen thousand two hundred and sixty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Twopence of a further Sum in respect of a Claim made by such Railway Company : And whereas by virtue of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for dividing, inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Great Grimsby in the County of Lincoln, and of an Award made by the Commissioner acting under such Act, bearing Date the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty, the said East Marsh, Little Field, and Hay Croft Pastures have been exonerated from the Payment of Tithe: And whereas the gross yearly Amount of the Rent-charge in lieu of Vicarial Tithes now charged upon such Parts of the Pastures as have not been taken by the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company is One hundred and two Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny, and the gross yearly Amount of the Rent-charge in lieu of Rectorial Tithes now charged uporfthe same Parts is Fifty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence Halfpenny, and such Rent-charges respectively were by the said Act directed to be paid free and clear from all Poor Rates, Surveyor’s Rates, and Parochial Rates, Duties, and Assessments whatsoever, and, if required, to be ascertained every Fourteen Years by the Average Price of Wheat: And whereas the Reverend Francis Thomas Atwood Clerk is the Incumbent, and George Fieschi Heneage Esquire is or claims to be the Patron, and the Lord Bishop of Lincoln is the Ordinary of the Vicarage of the Parish of Great Grimsby: And whereas the said Francis Thomas Atwood, as such Incumbent, is entitled to the Vicarial Tithes or Rent-charge in lieu of Vicarial Tithes of the Parish : And whereas the said George Fieschi Heneage is or claims to be the Impropriator of the Impropriate Rectory of the Parish, and as such he is entitled to the Rectorial Tithes or Rent-charge in lieu of Rectorial Tithes thereof: And whereas it hath, for the mutual Convenience of all Parties interested, been agreed that so much of such Annuities as will yield the full Income of One hundred and two Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny, instead of such Vicarial Tithes or Rent-charge in lieu of Vicarial Tithes, shall be appropriated for such Vicar, as herein-after provided, and that so much of such Annuities as will yield the full Income of Fifty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence Halfpenny, instead of such Rectorial Tithes or Rent-charge in lieu of Rectorial" Tithes, shall be appropriated for such Impropriator as herein-after provided, and that the Pastures shall be wholly exonerated from such Tithes and Rent-charges respectively : And whereas such Borough hath of late Years increased in Trade and Resort, and such Pastures have become very valuable for Building Purposes : And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made

for

143

12° VICTORIA, i.

for the Management and Occupation of such Pastures, and for letting, leasing for Building Purposes, and selling the same, and for settling the Application of such Surplus of such Sum of Nineteen thousand two hundred and sixty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Two-pence Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and the Dividends thereof, and the Rents, Profits, and Proceeds of such Pastures, and for regulating the Rights of such Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and such Freemen and Widows, respectively, in respect of the Premises; but such Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in the Construction of this Interpreta-Act, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant tion of Terms to such Construction, ,n ,hls Act

The Word " Borough" shall mean the Borough of Great Grimsby;

The Word " Corporation " shall mean the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough;

The Word " Freemen " shall mean the Freemen and Widows of Freemen of the Borough;

The Expression "enrolled Freemen" shall mean the Freemen whose Names are included in the Pasture Roll for the Time being in force;

The Word "Pastures" shall mean such Parts of such Pastures called the East Marsh, Little Field, and Hay Croft as have not been purchased and taken by the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances;

The Word " Mayor" shall mean the Mayor for the Time being of the Borough;

The Expression "Town Clerk" shall mean the Town Clerk for the Time being of the Borough;

The Word "Treasurer" shall mean the Treasurer for the Time being of the Borough;

The Word " Month " shall mean Calendar Month;

Words importing the Singular Number only shall include the Plural Number;

Words importing the Plural Number only shall include the Singular Number; and

Words importing the Masculine Gender only shall include Females.

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act for any Purpose short Title, whatsoever it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Grimsby Pastures Act, 1849."

III. And be it enacted, That on the Fifth Day of September next Town clerk after the passing this Act, and on the Fifth Day of September in to make out every succeeding Year, the Town Clerk shall make out an alpha- ^l®^ol l'ree' betical List of such of the Freemen as are then resident within the anT/on^he Borough, and paying Scotland Lot, and are not disqualified as herein- same, which after provided for being on the Pastures Roll, and shall post a Copy shall be open of such List on every Day during the Week next preceding the [°0nnspec'

7 Fifteenth 10n’

144

Notices of Claims and Objections.

Lists of Claimants, &c. to be made out, and fixed on Town Hall. Copies of such Lists to be kept for Perusal.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xv\.

Fifteenth Day of September in every Year, and shall keep a Copy of such List, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at all reasonable Hours between the Fifth and Fifteenth Days of September (Sundays excepted) in every Year, and shall deliver a Copy of such List to any Person requiring the same, on Payment of a Sum not exceeding One Shilling for each Copy.

IV. And be it enacted, That every Freeman whose Name is omitted from such List, and who claims to have his Name inserted therein, shall, on or before the Fifteenth Day of September in every Year, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Town Clerk, and every Freeman whose Name is inserted in such List may object to any other Person as not being entitled to have his Name retained in such List, and every Freeman so objecting shall, on or before the Fifteenth Day of September in every Year, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Town Clerk, and also give Notice thereof in Writing to the Person objected to, or leave such Notice for him at his usual or last known Residence in the Borough.

V. And be it enacted, That the Town Clerk shall make out an alphabetical List of the Names of all Freemen so claiming to be inserted, and an alphabetical List of the Names of all Persons so objected to, and shall post Copies of such Lists on every Day during the Eight Days next preceding the First Day of October in every Year, and shall keep Copies of such Lists, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at all reasonable Hours during the Eight Days (Sunday excepted) next preceding the First Day of October in every Year, and shall deliver a Copy of each of such Lists to any Person requiring the same, on Payment of a Sum not exceeding One Shilling for each Copy.

List of Free-

VI. And be it enacted, That at the Court held by the Mayor and men to be Assessors of the Borough for the Purpose of revising the Burgess revised by Lists of the Borough the Town Clerk shall in every Year produce As^essorslt suc*‘ ^'st Freemen, ar>d Copies of such Lists of Freemen claiming Revision of anc^ of Persons objected to, and such Mayor and Assessors shall revise BurgessRoll. such List of Freemen in the Manner prescribed by the Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales with reference to the Revision of the Burgess List of the Borough; and such Court and the Mayor shall have like Powers of revising such Lists, and of retaining or inserting in or expunging from such List of Freemen the Names of any Persons, as such Court and the Mayor respectively have with reference to such Burgesses List; and all the Powers, Penalties, Authorities, and Provisions of such Act, and of all other Laws for the Time being in force relating to the Corporation, having reference to the Revision of the Borough List for the Borough, shall be applicable and in force for the Purpose and with reference to the Revision of such List of Freemen; and the revised List shall, so far as such Court can ascertain, contain the Names of such and of such only of the Freemen as were on the Fifth Day of September next preceding the Time of such Revision resident within the Borough, and paying Scotland Lot, and not disqualified as herein-after provided for being on the Pastures Roll.

12° VICTORIA, Cap.w'i. 145

VII. And be it enacted, That the Mayor shall in every Year deliver Town Clerk the List of Freemen, revised and signed by him, to the Town Clerk, 0efre. who shall keep such List, and shall in every Year copy the same fairly vised List, to and truly into One general alphabetical List in a Book, to be by him be called provided for that Purpose, with every Name therein numbered, begin- " The

ing the Numbers from the first Name and continuing them in a Uires 0 ' regular Series to the last Name, and shall complete such Book on or before the Twenty-second Day of October in every Year, and shall deliver such Book, together with the Lists, at the Expiration of his Period of Office, to the Person succeeding him in such Office; and every such Book in which the List of Freemen is copied shall be called "The Pastures Roll," and the Persons named on such Roll shall, to the Exclusion of all other Persons whomsoever, be entitled to have and enjoy during the Year between the First Day of November inclusive in the Year wherein such Roll is made and the First Day of November in the succeeding Year, subject to the Provisions in this Act contained, and the Regulations made by virtue thereof, such Rights of Pasturage on the Pastures as have heretofore been enjoyed by the Freemen and Widows of Freemen of the Borough resident within the Borough, and paying Scotland Lot, and such other Rights and Interests and such Authorities as are by this Act given either expressly or by Implication to the enrolled Freemen.

VIII. And be it enacted, That any Freeman who shall have been Disqualitica-

convicted of Felony* or who shall have received Parochial Relief from tion for being the Parish of Great Grimsby, shall not at any Time thereafter be RdT

entitled to have his Name inserted in the Pastures Roll; and any Freeman who within Twelve Months next before the Fifth Day of September in any Year shall have received Parochial Relief from any other Parish than Great Grimsby, or shall not have been resident within the Borough, or shall not have paid Scotland Lot within the Borough, shall not be entitled to have his Name included in the Pastures Roll for the then next Year.

IX. And be it enacted, That the enrolled Freemen shall hold a Meetings of Meeting on the first Monday in November next after the passing of the enrolled this Act, and shall hold an annual Meeting on the first Monday in Freemen-the Month of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty,

and in every succeeding Year.

X. And be it enacted, That the enrolled Freemen may from Time Special

to Time hold Special Meetings for the Transaction of any extraordi- Meetings of nary Business, and the Mayor may call any such Special Meeting at enro,ed any Time that lie may think proper; and any Five Members of the reemen' Pastures Committee, herein-after provided for, may at any Time, by Writing under their Hands, require the Mayor to call a Special Meeting, and such Requisition shall fully express the Object of the Meeting required to be called, and shall be delivered to or left at the usual Residence of the Mayor; and forthwith upon the Receipt of such Requisition the Mayor shall call a Special Meeting accordingly, and if for I hree Days after such Receipt the Mayor fail to call such Meeting any Five Members of the Pastures Committee may call such Meeting, by giving Notice as herein-after provided.

140

Notice of Meetings.

Time and Place for Meetings.

Quorum of Meetings.

Adjournment of Meetings.

Chairman of Meetings.

Authorities of enrolled Freemen to be exercised at Meetings.

Proceedings and Votes at Meetings.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xv\.

XI. And be it enacted, That not less than Three nor more than Seven clear Days Notice shall be given of every Meeting of the enrolled Freemen, and every such Notice shall be signed by the Mayor or the Persons calling the Meeting, and shall be posted; and every Notice of a Special Meeting, and every Notice of an Annual Meeting, if any other Business than the Business hereby appointed for Annual Meetings is to be done thereat, shall specify the Business to be done thereat.

XII. And be it enacted, That every Meeting of the enrolled Freemen shall be held at Noon in the Town Hall, or in such other convenient Place within the Borough as shall be appointed by the Mayor or other the Persons calling the Meeting, or by any previous Meeting, and be expressed in the Notice for such Meeting.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in order to constitute a Meeting of the enrolled Freemen, whether annual or special, not less than Twenty enrolled Freemen shall be personally present, and if within One Hour from the Time appointed for holding the Meeting such Number of enrolled Freemen be not present such Meeting shall be held to be adjourned sine Die.

XIV. And be it enacted, That every Meeting of the enrolled Freemen may be adjourned from Time to Time and from Place to Place, and, except as regards any Meeting adjourned to a later Hour of the same Day or to the next Day, all adjourned Meetings shall be called by Notice as herein-before provided tor, and shall be deemed original Special Meetings.

XV. And be it enacted, That at all Meetings of the enrolled Freemen the Mayor, if present, or, in his Absence, One of the Pastures Committee, but if all the Members of such Committee be absent, some enrolled Freeman to be respectively elected by the Meeting, shall preside as Chairman.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Authorities by this Act given, either expressly or by Implication, to the enrolled Freemen, may be exercised by the enrolled Freemen present, either personally or by Proxy, at any Annual or Special Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof respectively, and not declining to act thereat: Provided always, that any Annual Meeting shall not enter on any special Business but such as is set forth in the Notice for such Meeting, and any special Meeting shall not enter upon any Business but such as is set forth in the Notice for such Meeting, and any adjourned Meeting shall not enter on any Business but such as was left unfinished at the Meeting from which the Adjournment took place, and might have been transacted at such Meeting.

XVII. And be it enacted, That at every Meeting of the enrolled Freemen such of them as are Men shall alone be allowed to vote or take part personally in the Proceedings; and every enrolled Widow of a Freeman may vote by Proxy, such Proxy being an enrolled Freeman, authorized by Writing under her Hand; and every enrolled Freeman present, either personally or by Proxy, shall be entitled to

147

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvi.

One Vote, and every Question shall be determined by the Majority of the Votes of the enrolled Freemen present, either personally or by Proxy, and not declining to vote thereon: Provided always, that the Mayor, as Chairman of any Meeting, shall be entitled to vote thereat, although he may not be an enrolled Freeman; provided also, that in all Cases of Equality of Votes at any Meeting the Chairman shall have a Second or casting Vote.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the enrolled Freemen at the first Pastures Meeting after the passing of this Act, or some Adjournment thereof, Co.!'™lt.tee shall, as the first Business of the Meeting after the taking of the Chair "be "p‘tors thereat, appoint Fourteen of the enrolled Freemen to be a Committee pointed'

for the Purposes of this Act, and such Committee shall be called the yearly. Pastures Committee, and shall, as the next Business of the Meeting, appoint Three others of the enrolled Freemen to be Auditors for the Purposes of this Act; and the enrolled Freemen at the Annual Meeting in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and at every subsequent Annual Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof respectively, shall in like Manner appoint another like Committee and other like Auditors:

Provided always, that every retiring Committee-man and Auditor respectively shall be eligible for immediate Reappointment; provided also, that in case the enrolled Freemen fail at any such Meeting, or at an Adjournment thereof, to make any such Appointment, the enrolled Freemen may make the same at any subsequent Special Meeting, or at an Adjournment thereof; provided also, that such Committee and Auditors respectively shall remain in Office until the Appointment of their respective Successors.

XIX. And be it enacted, That every Vacancy in the Office of AstoVacan-Pasture Committee-man and Auditor respectively may be filled up by cies in Pas-the enrolled Freemen, by the Appointment at any Special Meeting, or tu.res Com" an Adjournment thereof, of any enrolled Freemen to supply the same. Auditors"1*

XX. And be it enacted, That the Pastures Committee may meet Meetings from Time to Time, and adjourn from Place to Place, as they think ?nd Proceed-proper, for the Purposes of their Appointment; and at any Time any i"feS°rfas" Two Members of such Committee may call or direct the Town Clerk mltxee. °m' to call a Meeting of such Committee, but any Business shall not be transacted except at a Meeting of such Committee at which Five Members are present; and at all Meetings One of the Members

present shall be appointed Chairman; and all Questions shall be determined by the Majority of the Votes of the Members present, and in all Cases of Equality of Votes the Chairman shall have a Second or casting Vote.

XXI. And be it enacted, That, subject to such Regulations and General Restrictions as the enrolled Freemen from Time to Time determine, Powers of the Pastures Committee shall have the general Superintendence and Pastures Management of the Affairs of the enrolled Freemen, and the Regula- omm,ttee-tion and the Occupation and Stocking of the Pastures, and shall from Time to Time make and enforce such Orders and Regulations as to the Number and Description of Cattle and Animals which the enrolled Freemen respectively shall be authorized to depasture in the Pastures,

and

148

Pastures Committee to appoint Officers.

Contracts by

Pastures

Committee.

Annual Report of Pastures Committee.

Validity of Proceedings of Pastures Committee.

Members of Pastures Committees indemnified for all Acts

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvi.

and as to the good Management and Occupation of the Pastures, as such Committee think right, and shall see that all the Resolutions of the enrolled Freemen are duly carried into effect, and shall from Time to Time reporfio the Council of the Borough all Breaches and Violations of such Orders, Regulations, and Resolutions, and of the Bye Laws made for the Purposes of this Act, and shall exercise, in accordance with the Provisions of this Act, all such Authorities as shall from Time to Time be by the enrolled Freemen delegated to them, and shall, except in the Cases by this Act otherwise provided for, carry the several Provisions of this Act into execution.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Pastures Committee in every Year at some of their Meetings shall appoint such Officers, besides the Town Clerk and the Treasurer, as they think necessary for carrying this Act into execution, and may from Time to Time discontinue the Appointment of such Officers, and appoint others in their Place; and the Town Clerk and the Treasurer and such Officers respectively shall be paid such reasonable Salaries or Allowances as the Pastures Committee shall appoint.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That, subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as the enrolled Freemen from Time to Time determine, the Pastures Committee may at any of their Meetings enter into all such Contracts and Agreements as they think advantageous for the Purposes of this Act, and alter, rescind, and abandon, either on Terms or gratuitously, as they think fit, any Contracts and Agreements entered into by or with them for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that every such Contract and Agreement, and every Alteration, Rescision, and Abandonment of any such Contract and Agreement, respectively, shall be in Writing signed by Five or more Members of the Pastures Committee, and countersigned by the Town Clerk.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in every Year the Pastures Committee shall make to the Annual Meeting of the enrolled Freemen a full Report of the Proceedings of the Pastures Committee and the Corporation during the preceding Year, with all such Particulars as shall be proper for explaining the Treasurer’s Accounts and Balance Sheets, and for showing the State and Prospects of the Pastures, and the Rents, Profits, and Proceeds thereof, and shall make to the Annual Meeting all such Explanations as are required by any of the enrolled Freemen present thereat.

XXV. And be it enacted, That all Proceedings of the Pastures Committee shall be valid, notwithstanding any mere Informality, and notwithstanding it may be afterwards discovered that there was some Defect in the Appointment of any Person to be a Member thereof, and notwithstanding any Vacancy in the Number of the Committee, so as the Number thereof be not less than Nine.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That any Person, being or having been a Member of the Pastures Committee, shall not by reason °of his lawfully exercising any of the Powers given to such Committee be subject to be sued, either alone or with any other Person being or having

12° VICTORIAE, Cap. xvl

having been a Member of such Committee, by any Person whomsoever, and all Persons, being or having been Members of such Committee, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, shall be indemnified by and out of the Monies and Property in or to which the enrolled Freemen are under this Act entitled or interested for all Payments made and Liabilities incurred in respect of any Acts done or suffered by the Pastures Committee in the Execution of this Act, and against all Losses, Costs, and Damages which such Committee may incur in or by reason of the Execution of this Act; and such Committee may from Time to Time order the Application of such Monies and Property for the Purposes of such Indemnity.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Town Clerk shall act as the Secretary or Clerk to the enrolled Freemen and also to the Pastures Committee, and shall attend all Meetings of the enrolled Freemen and of the Pastures Committee respectively: Provided always, that, whenever the Town Clerk is from Illness or other sufficient Cause, to be allowed by the respective Meeting, unable to attend in Person, he may attend by a Deputy approved by the respective Meeting.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That Minutes of all the Proceedings of the Meetings of the enrolled Freemen and of the Pastures Committee respectively shall from Time to Time be entered by the Town Clerk in Books to be provided for the Purpose, which shall be kept at the Town Clerk’s Office; and every such Entry shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the holding of the Meeting at which the Proceedings took place, be signed by the Chairman thereof; and every such Entry, so signed, shall be received as Evidence in all Courts, and before all Judges, Justices, and others, without Proof of such Meeting having been duly called or held, or of the Persons attending such Meeting having been enrolled Freemen or Members of the Pastures Committee, or of the Signature of the Chairman, or of the Fact of his having been Chairman, all which Matters shall be presumed, until the contrary be proved; and such Books shall at all reasonable Times be open to the Inspection of every enrolled Freeman; and a Copy of the Minutes of every Meeting shall be made by the Town Clerk, and be delivered by him to the Person who was the Chairman thereof.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Treasurer shall be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, and the Corporation shall take such Security for the due Execution by him of his Office under this Act as the Pastures Committee shall from Time to Time think proper.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all the Monies to be received under or by virtue of this Act shall be paid to the Treasurer, and his Receipts shall be absolute Discharges for the same, and from all Liability, Claims, and Demands in respect thereof; and he shall keep distinct Accounts, to be called " The Pastures Accounts," of all his Receipts and Payments for or on account of the enrolled Freemen, and of all such Credits and Liabilities, with reference to the carrying

149

done in execution of this Act.

Town Clerk to act as Secretary.

Minutes of Proceedings to be made by Town Clerk.

Appointment of Treasurer.

Monies received under this Act to be paid to the Treasurer.

150

Regulation as to Payments by Treasurer.

Treasurers

Accounts.

Auditors

Report.

Pastures vested in the Corporation for the Purposes of the Act.

Execution of the Act by the Corporation.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvi.

into execution of this Act, as the Pastures Committee shall from Time to Time direct.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the Treasurer shall not pay any Money without the Order of the Pastures Committee in Writing signed by Three Members thereof, and countersigned by the lown Clerk, or, as to any Expenses which the Corporation may under the Provisions of this Act require to he paid, without the Order of their Council, signed by the Mayor and countersigned by the Town Clerk; and such Orders respectively shall be sufficient Warrant to the Treasurer to make the Payments thereby directed.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Treasurer shall in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and in every succeeding Year, make up " The Pastures Accounts," and also the Accounts of the enrolled Freemen’s Fund, to the First Day of March and the First Day of September in such Year, and shall deliver to the Auditors Copies of such Accounts and a Balance Sheet thereof respectively within Fourteen Days after each of such Days, and shall, when required by the Auditors, verify such Accounts, by producing the proper Vouchers for the same.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be the Duty of the Auditors to receive from the Treasurer his Accounts and Balance Sheets, and to examine the same, and the Auditors shall either make a Special Report on such Accounts, or simply confirm the same, and every such Report or Confirmation shall be read at the Annual Meeting with the Annual Report from the Pastures Committee.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That on and after the passing of this Act the Pastures shall be and are hereby vested in the Corporation for an Estate in Fee Simple absolute, but nevertheless for the Purposes and subject to the Provisions of this Act, and subject and without Prejudice to all Rights, Interests, Charges, Incumbrances, Liabilities, Claims, and Demands under or by virtue of this Act.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That such of the Provisions of this Act as are directed to be carried into execution by the Corporation shall be carried into execution by the Corporation accordingly, and for that Purpose the Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, and all other Laws, whether general or local, for the Time being in force affecting the Corporation, shall, so far as may be requisite for giving full Effect to this Act, apply to the Purposes of this Act, and to the Corporation, and to the Lands, Monies, Property, Effects, Powers, and Authorities for the Time being vested in, under the Control of, or exerciseable by the Corporation, for the Purposes of this Act, and to the Council, Committees, Officers, Agents, and Servants of the Corporation, and all other Persons, with reference to the Purposes of this Act; and such Lands, Monies, Property, Effects, Powers, and Authorities, and all Proceedings and Matters relating thereto, and such Act and Laws and this Act, shall accordingly be carried into execution by the Corporation as

151

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvi.

One Act: Provided always, that the Corporation shall, in and with reference to the carrying of this Act into execution, be, so far as the Interests of the enrolled Freemen are concerned, bound by all such Resolutions as shall from Time to Time be passed either by the enrolled Freemen, or, within the Limits of the Authority of the Pastures Committee, by such Committee.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the existing Powers of the Bye Laws to

Corporation for making and enforcing Bye Laws shall extend to made by

enable them to make and enforce all such Bye Laws as may be Corporation, necessary for the carrying into effect such Regulations and Restrictions as the said Pastures Committee shall from Time to Time • determine, for the good Rule and Government of the Pastures, and for the Regulation and the Occupation and Stocking of the Pastures, and for determining the Number and Description of Cattle and Animals which the enrolled Freemen respectively shall depasture in the Pastures, and for the good Management and Occupation of the Pastures, and for regulating, in Cases not specially provided for by this Act, the Business and Proceedings at Meetings of the enrolled Freemen, and the Business and Proceedings of the Pastures Committee, and the Appointment, Removal, Duties, Conduct, and Remuneration of Officers for carrying this Act into execution.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Corporation may and shall Power to from Time to Time, according to the Directions of the Pastures ,®ase t,le Committee, grant any Leases of all or any Part of the Pastures, 2^yJars or either together or in such Lots as the Pastures Committee think jess Terms, most beneficial for the Purposes of this Act, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years at any One Time;

and the Pastures Committee may, by Writing under the Hands of any Three Members of such Committee, countersigned by the Town Clerk, let the same at annual Rents from Year to Year or by the Year: Provided always, that such Leases and Lettings respectively be made to Like effect in possession only, and without Fine or anything in the Nature thereof, and be made for the best yearly Rents, to be payable half-yearly or oftener, that can be reason,ibly obtained for the same, and that the Lessees execute Counterparts of their respective Leases, and that such yearly Tenants respectively pay down One Half Year’s Rent in advance.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Corporation may and Power to

shall from Time to Time, according to the Directions of the Pastures aPPr°Priate Committee, appropriate the Pastures or any Part thereof for Building °r

Purposes, and in order thereto lay out any Part thereof as Squares Purpose, or other open Spaces, Roads, Ways, Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses, and other Parts thereof as Lots for Building, or in such other Manner in all respects as the Pastures Committee deem most advantageous for the Purposes of this Act, and repair, alter, and improve any open Spaces, Roatls, Ways, Drains, and Watercourses in or upon the Pastures.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Corporation may and shall Power to from Time to Time, according to the Directions of the Pastures sell and lease

Committee, p,lstures tor

152

Building

Purposes.

Contracts, Sales, and Leases may he made on Terms approved by Pastures Committee, but Leases not to be renewable.

Certain Covenants to be

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xx\.

Committee, sell, lease, or otherwise dispose of all or any Part of the Pastures to any Persons whomsoever, for Building Purposes, in such Manner, and on such Terms and Conditions, and with and subject to such Covenants and Agreements, as well by or on behalf of the Corporation as by or on behalf of such Persons respectively, as the Pastures Committee shall for the Time being deem most advantageous for the Purposes of this Act, and for such Purposes may and shall from Time to Time, according to such Directions, enter into such Contracts and Arrangements as the Pastures Committee shall from Time to Time think proper; and any such Sale may be either absolute and in consideration of a gross Sum, or in consideration of any Ground Rent or other Rent or Reservation which the Pastures Committee think fit, or in consideration partly of a gross Sum and partly of any such Rent or Reservation, and any such Lease may be for any Term or Number of Years, either absolute or conditional, and either with or without Fine : Provided always, that any such Sale, Lease, or other Disposition shall take effect in possession only; and in every Deed or Lease by which any Rent shall be granted or reserved there shall be granted or reserved and made payable the best yearly Rent which can at the Time of making or granting such Deed or Lease, or the Contract or Arrangement for the making or granting of the same, considering the Amount of the gross Sum or Fine, if any, to be paid in respect thereof, and the Nature and Circumstances of the Case, be reasonably obtained for the same, and the Rent granted or reserved by any such Deed or Lease be made payable quarterly or oftener, and the respective Purchasers and Lessees shall execute Counterparts of the respective Deeds and Leases by which any Rents are granted or reserved; provided also, that the first Payment of the Rent to be granted or reserved by any Deed or Lease may be made to commence and become payable on any Day not exceeding Two Years and a Half from the Time of the making of the Contract or Arrangement for such Deed or Lease, and may be made to increase periodically, beginning with such Proportion of the full Rent to be ultimately payable as shall be thought advisable, and increasing up to the full Rent, as shall be found convenient or be thought proper, and as shall be expressed in such Deed or Lease, regard being had to the Circumstances of the Case.

XL. And be it enacted, That, except as by this Act otherwise provided, the Corporation may and shall from Time to Time, according to the Directions of the Pastures Committee, make any Sales, Leases, Dispositions, Contracts, and Agreements under the Authority of this Act, upon such Terms and Conditions, and subject to such Covenants and Agreements, as well by or on behalf of the Corporation or the Pastures Committee as by or on the Behalf of the Persons to or with whom the same shall be respectively made, and otherwise, as the Pastures Committee deem most advantageous for the Purpose of this Act: Provided always, that such Leases and Contracts for Leases respectively be not made with any Provision for the Renewal thereof.

XLI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in every Deed by which any such yearly or other Rent or Reservation is reserved or 9 granted,

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvi.

granted, and in every Lease respectively executed under the Authority of this Act, there shall be contained on the Part of the Purchaser or Lessee a Covenant for the due Payment of the Rent or Reservation thereby respectively granted or reserved, and also a Proviso or Condition that if the Rent thereby granted or reserved, or any Part thereof, be at any Time in arrear for a Period (to be therein specified) not exceeding One Year, and be not paid within a further Period (to be therein specified) not exceeding One Year after the same shall be demanded by a Notice in Writing, to be delivered to the Purchaser or Lessee, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or to be affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Premises comprised in such Deed or Lease, or left with any Tenant or Occupier of such Premises, then and as often as the same shall happen the Corporation may enter into and upon and repossess such Premises.

XLII. And be it enacted, That the Certificate in Writing of the Mayor and any Two of the Members of the Pastures Committee, countersigned by the Town Clerk, acknowledging that the Corporation have received a Counterpart of any such Deed or Lease, shall be full and complete Evidence that such Counterpart was duly made and executed; and after any such Deed or Lease shall have been executed the Contract or Arrangement for the same shall not form any Part of the Evidence of the Title at Law or in Equity to the Benefit of such Deed or Lease.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That every Sale, Lease, Letting, and other Disposition of the Pastures or any Part thereof which shall be made under the Authority of this Act shall be made by public Auction at some Meeting of the Pastures Committee, of which Meeting and Auction One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given by Writing fixed on or near the Town Hall, or in some other public and conspicuous Situation within the Borough, and also by Advertisement in Two or more Newspapers published in the County of Lincoln, and circulated in the Borough, and such Auctions shall be holden subject to such Conditions, whether ordinary or special, and such reserved Biddings, as the Pastures Committee think most advantageous for the Purposes of this Act.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That whenever any Lot shall be bought in at any such Auction, or not sold thereat, by reason of the reserved Bidding for the same not having been reached, the Corporation may, and from Time to Time shall, according to the Directions of the Pastures Committee, sell, lease, or let the same by private Contract at some Meeting of the Pastures Committee after One Calendar Month’s Notice of such Meeting, and the Intention to make such Sale, Lease, or Letting thereat, given by Writing and Advertisement as in the Case of an Auction, and stating that the highest Offer made at such Meeting will be accepted, and such Meeting shall be open to all Persons desirous of attending the same.

XLV. And be it enacted, That any Person who for the Time being shall be One of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough, or One of the enrolled Freemen, and whether or not he [Local.~\ Q q shall

153

inserted in all Deeds and Leases.

Certificates of Receipt of Counterparts.

Sales,Leases, &c. to be made by public Auction, of which Notice shall be given.

In certain Cases Sales and Leases to be made by private Contract.

As to Sales and Leases to Freemen and Members

154

of the Corporation.

In the event of no new Offer at the Meeting, Corporation to obtain Consent of Treasury, as required by 5 & 6 W A. c. 76.

Pastures reverting to the Corporation may be dealt with for any Purposes of the Act.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvl

shall be One of the Council or of the Pastures Committee, may purchase or take at any such Auction : Provided always, that in case any Lot shall at any such Auction be knocked down to any Person being One of the Council, or One of the Pastures Committee, or One of the enrolled Freemen, such Committee shall give One Calendar Month’s Notice by Writing and Advertisement of a Meeting for provisionally confirming the Sale, Lease, or Letting to such Person, and such Notice shall state the Particulars of such Lot, and the Amount of the Bidding for the same at which the same was so knocked down, and the Name and Description of such Person, and the Fact of his being One of the Council, or One of the Pastures Committee, or One of the enrolled Freemen, and that if a higher Bidding be not offered at such Meeting for such Lot such Sale, Lease, Letting, or other Disposition to such Person will be provisionally confirmed; provided also, that such Person shall not by himself or his Agent attend such Meeting; provided also, that in case any Person shall at such Meeting offer such higher Bidding for such Lot, and shall enter into a sufficient Contract to take the same at such higher Bidding, in case the same be not, at such Auction as is next herein-after mentioned, sold, leased, let, or otherwise disposed of at an Increase on such higher Bidding, such Sale, Lease, Letting, or other Disposition to such first-mentioned Person shall not be so confirmed, but such Lot shall again be offered at an Auction as by this Act provided.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case at such Meeting some Person shall not offer such higher Bidding for such Lot, and enter into such sufficient Contract, such Sale, Lease, Letting, or other Disposition to such first-mentioned Person shall be provisionally confirmed, and shall be certified to the Corporation by the Pastures Committee, and the Circumstances of the Case shall be thereupon represented by the Corporation to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, in like Manner as if the Case were One of an intended Disposition by the Corporation of Part of their own Corporate Property, requiring, under the Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, the Approbation of such Commissioners in order to its being carried into effect; provided also, that in case such Commissioners or any Three of them do not approve such Sale, Lease, Letting, or other Disposition to such first-mentioned Person, the same shall not be carried into effect; provided also, that in case such Commissioners or any Three of them approve such Sale, Lease, Letting, or other Disposition to such first-mentioned Person, the Corporation shall by a special Order absolutely confirm the same, on such Terms and Conditions as are approved by such Commissioners or any Three of them, and the same shall be carried into effect accordingly.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That whenever any Contract or Agreement for selling, leasing, letting, or otherwise disposing of any Land shall not be carried into effect, and whenever the Possession of any Land comprised or contracted or agreed to be comprised in any Deed or Lease to be executed or granted in pursuance of this Act, shall be resumed or recovered by the Corporation, the same may from 0 Time

155

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xwi.

Time to Time thereafter'be dealt with and disposed of in pursuance of any of the Provisions of this Act as the Pastures Committee think fit.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That such Sum of Nineteen thousand Application two hundred and sixty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Two-pence 1^263™ Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities shall be appropriated 2rf. Re’_ and applied as follows; to wit, first, there shall be paid thereout, duceU 31. pursuant to any Order of the Court of Chancery, the Mortgage Debt, per Cents. Costs, and Expenses thereby ordered to be paid, and a sufficient Part of such Annuities shall be sold accordingly; secondly, there shall be paid thereout such Sum, if any, as the Court of Chancery shall, with reference to the Question now pending in such Court, as herein-before recited, order to be paid thereout, and such Costs and Expenses, if any, in that Behalf as such Court shall order to be paid thereout, and a sufficient Part of such Annuities shall be sold accordingly; thirdly, the Sum of Three thousand four hundred and eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Two-pence, further Part of such Annuities, shall be appropriated as by this Act provided for the Incumbent of the Vicarage of the Parish of Great Grimsby; fourthly, the Sum of One thousand seven hundred and thirty-three Pounds, further Part of such Annuities, shall be appropriated as by this Act provided for the Impropriator of the Impropriate Rectory of the Parish of Great Grimsby; fifthly, there shall be paid out of the then Residue of such Annuities the Costs and Expenses of obtaining this Act, and other the Costs and Expenses herein-after directed to be paid thereout, and a sufficient Part of such Annuities shall be sold accordingly; sixthly,

One equal Twentieth Part of the then Residue of such Annuities shall be appropriated as by this Act provided for the Corporation; and, seventhly, the ultimate Surplus of such Annuities shall be appropriated as by this Act provided for the enrolled Freemen.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That all such Monies as are from Time Application to Time received in respect of the yearly Rents and Profits of the °/ ^nts of Pastures, or such Parts thereof as for the Time being are let or leased, the Pastures> or are sold or otherwise disposed of subject to any Ground Rent or other Rent or Reservation, shall be appropriated and applied as follows; to wit, first, there shall be paid thereout all such ordinary Expenses of and incident to the carrying of this Act into execution as the Pastures Committee shall think fit; secondly, One equal Twentieth Part of the then Residue of such Monies shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being of the Borough, to the Credit of the Borough Fund of the Borough, and shall be disposed of accordingly; and, thirdly, the ultimate Surplus of such Monies shall be appropriated as by this Act provided for the enrolled Freemen.

L. And be it enacted, That all such Monies as are from Time to Application Time received as the Purchase Money for any Part of the Pastures, ot' Purchase or as or by way of Fine for any such Lease or Disposition, shall be Monies and applied as follows; to wit, first, there shall be paid thereout all such Leases^ Expenses of and incident to the carrying of this Act into execution SCS as are not otherwise paid or satisfied; secondly, One equal Twentieth Part of the Residue of such Monies shall be appropriated as by this Act provided for the Corporation; and, thirdly, the ultimate Surplus of

156

A certain Sum to be appropriated to the Vicar in lieu of Tithes.

Pastures to be free from Vicarial Tithes.

Evidence of Investment for the Vicar.

certain Sum to be appropriated as an Investment for the

12° VICTORIAE, Cap. xvi.

of such Monies shall be appropriated as by this Act provided for the enrolled Freemen.

LI. And whereas the said Lord Bishop of Lincoln as the Ordinary, and the said George Fieschi Ileneage as the Patron, and the said Francis Thomas Atwood as the Incumbent of the Vicarage of the Parish of Great Grimsby, have respectively consented that such Sum of Three thousand four hundred and eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Two-pence Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be appropriated for the Incumbent of such Vicarage, shall be appropriated as by this Act provided, such Sum being calculated to produce the yearly Income of One hundred and two Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny, the gross yearly Amount of the Vicarial Tithes or llent-charge in lieu of Vicarial Tithes on the Pastures : Be it therefore enacted, That such Sum of Three thousand four hundred and eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Two-pence shall be transferred to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, and shall be appropriated by such Governors to the Vicarage of Great Grimsby, and shall be applicable and disposable by them for the Benefit and Augmentation of such Vicarage, in such and the same Manner, and with such and the same Powers and Authorities in all respects, according to the Rules, Orders, and Constitution for the Time being in force for the Management of such Bounty, and the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Case made and provided, as if the same Sum were originally appropriated by such Governors to such Vicarage out of the general Funds and Profits of such Governors, or otherwise for the Benefit and Augmentation thereof.

LII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Time when such Sum of Three thousand four hundred and eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Two-pence Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities shall be so transferred the same shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Vicarial Tithes or Rent-charge in lieu of Vicarial Tithes payable in respect of the Pastures, and the Pastures shall accordingly be free and for ever discharged from all Claims and Demands in respect of such Tithes or Rent-charge.

LIII. And be it enacted, That the Certificate of such Transfer having been made, in Writing under the Hand of the Treasurer for the Time being of such Governors as aforesaid, and which shall be enrolled of Record in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster within Twelve Calendar Months next after the making of such Transfer, shall be sufficient and conclusive Evidence of such Sum of Three thousand four hundred and eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Two-pence Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities having been appropriated for the Incumbent of such Vicarage, and transferred accordingly, in due pursuance of this Act.

LIV. And whereas the Impropriate Rectory of the Parish of Great Grimsby is subject to the Limitations and Trusts of the Will of George Robert Heneage of Hainton in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, deceased, bearing Date the First Day of May One thousand eight

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvi. 157

eight hundred and thirty-three, and proved on the Thirteenth Day of ^.e^,t°^"lieu July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three in the Preroga- ° tive Court of Canterbury, and of which Will Sir Robert Sharpe Ainslie of Great Torrington in the County of Lincoln, Baronet, and Henry Charles Hoare of Fleet Street in the County of Middlesex, Banker, are the present Trustees: And whereas the Sum of One thousand seven hundred and thirty-three Pounds Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities will yield the yearly Interest or Dividends ofT'ifty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence Halfpenny, the Amount of the Rectorial Tithes or Rent-charge in lieu of Rectorial Tithes upon the said Lands : Be it therefore enacted, That such Sum of One thousand seven hundred and thirty-three Pounds Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be appropriated for the Impropriator of such Impropriate Rectory, shall be transferred, in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to an Account " Ex parte the Grimsby Corporation and Freemen, in the " Matter of ‘ The Grimsby Pastures Act, 1S49,’ the Account of the " Impropriator of the Impropriate Rectory of Great Grimsby," and shall he dealt with and disposed of in like Manner as if such Rectorial Tithes or Rent-charge in lieu of Rectorial Tithes had been purchased, under the Authority of " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," for a Sum exceeding Two hundred Pounds, and such Sum had been paid in accordance with that Act into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of such Accountant General, and placed to such Account there, and duly invested by him in the Purchase of such Annuities, and the Provisions of that Act with respect to the Purchase Money or Compensation coming to Parties having limited Interests, or prevented from treating, or not making Title, arc incorporated with this Act, and apply to such Annuities accordingly.

LV. And be it enacted, That from and after the Time when such Pastures to Sum of One thousand seven hundred and thirty-three Pounds Re- !le free from duced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities shall be so transferred Titles?* the same shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Rectorial Tithes or Rent-charge in lieu of Rectorial Tithes payable in respect of the Pastures, and the Pastures shall accordingly be free and for ever discharged from all Claims and Demands in respect of such Tithes or Rent-charge.

LVI. And be it enacted, That the Certificate of such Accountant Evidence of General of such Iransfer having been made shall be sufficient and Investm®nt conclusive Evidence of such Sum of One thousand seven hundred ,°,he Kec' and thirty-three Pounds Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities having been appropriated for the Impropriator of such Impropriate Rectory, and transferred accordingly, in due pursuance of this Act.

LVII. And be it enacted, That the Share of such Sum of Nineteen Investments thousand two hundred and sixty-tlnee Pounds Nine Shillings and lor *he C°r-I wo-pence Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities which shall l)0ration-be appropriated as herein-before directed for the Corporation shall be [Loco/.] R r transferred

158

12G.1.C. 32.

12G.2.C. 24.

Investments for the enrolled Freemen.

12° VICTORiiE, Cup.xvi.

transferred into the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and be placed in his Account, " Ex " parte the Mayor, Aldermen, and .Burgesses of the Borough of Great " Grimsby," and the Share of such Purchase Monies and Fines which shall be appropriated as herein-before directed for the Corporation shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of such Accountant General, to be placed to the same Account there, pursuant to the Method prescribed by an Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the better securing the Monies and Effects of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and to prevent the counterfeiting of the East India Bonds and Indorsements thereon, as likewise Indorsements on South Sea Bonds, and pursuant to the General Rules and Orders of such Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out on proper Securities any Monies, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Interest arising therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court, and such Annuities shall remain so invested until the same be sold, and the Proceeds thereof be applied; and such Monies shall remain so deposited until the same be applied to some One or more of the following Purposes; to wit,

In accordance with any of the Provisions of this Act; or In the Purchase or Redemption of Land Tax, or the Discharge of any Debt or Incumbrance affecting any of the Lands of the Corporation; or

In the Purchase of Lands to be conveyed to and holden by the Corporation as part of their Corporate Estate.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That the Share of such Sum of Nineteen thousand two hundred and sixty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Two-pence Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities which shall be appropriated as herein-before directed for the enrolled Freemen shall be transferred into the Name and with the Privity of such Accountant General, and be placed to his Account, " Ex parte the " enrolled Freemen of the Borough of Great Grimsby," and the Share of such Purchase Monies and Fines which shall be appropriated as herein-before directed for the enrolled Freemen shall be paid into such Bank in the Name and with the Privity of such Accountant General, to be placed to the same Account there, pursuant to such Method, and pursuant to such General Rules and Orders, and without Fee or Reward, as herein-before expressed, and such Annuities shall remain so invested until the same be sold and the Proceeds thereof be applied; and such Monies shall remain so deposited until the same be applied to some One or more of the following Purposes; to wit,

In accordance with any of the Provisions of this Act; or In the Purchase or Redemption of Land Tax, or the Discharge of any Debt or Incumbrance affecting the Rights or Interests of the enrolled Freemen in or to the Pastures or any other Lands holden

159

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvi.

for the Benefit of the enrolled Freemen under or in pursuance of this Act; or

In the Purchase of Lands to be conveyed to and holden by the Corporation for the Benefit, according to the Provisions of this Act, of the enrolled Freemen.

LIX. And be it enacted, That such Annuities respectively may be sold, and the Proceeds thereof respectively and such Monies respectively may be so respectively applied, upon an Order of such Court made on any Petition as herein-after provided for, and until such Monies respectively can be so respectively applied they may respectively, upon the like Order, be respectively invested by such Accountant General in the Purchase of Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities or Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, or on Government or Real Securities.

LX. And be it enacted, That until such Annuities and Securities respectively of the Corporation be ordered to be sold or converted into Money for such Purposes of the Corporation, the Dividends, Interest, and annual Proceeds thereof shall from Time to Time be paid to the Treasurer, and be placed by him to the Credit of the Borough Fund of the Borough, and shall be applied accordingly; and the Orders for such Sale, Conversion, and Payment may be made on any Petition as herein-after provided for.

LXI. And be it enacted, That until such Annuities and Securities respectively of the enrolled Freemen be ordered to be sold or converted into Money for the Purposes of the enrolled Freemen, the Dividends, Interest, and annual Proceeds thereof shall from Time to Time be paid to the Treasurer, for the Benefit of the enrolled Freemen, and be applied as herein-after directed; and the Orders for such Sale, Conversion, and Payment may be made on any Petition as herein-after provided for.

LXII. And be it enacted, That in every Year commencing on the First Day of November the Share of the Monies received in respect of the yearly Rents and Profits of the Pastures which shall during such Year be appropriated as herein-before directed for the enrolled Freemen, and the yearly Rents and Profits of all Lands conveyed to and holden by the Corporation for the Benefit of the enrolled Freemen which shall be received during such Year, shall be paid to the I reasurer, and the same, and the Dividends, Interest, and annual Proceeds paid during such Year to the Treasurer for the Benefit of the enrolled Freemen, as herein-before directed, shall be applied, in the first instance, in Payment of the Salaries and Allowances under this Act during such Year of the Town Clerk, the Treasurer, and the Officers appointed by the Pastures Committee, and such other Expenses, if any, during such Year of carrying this Act into execution as are not thereby otherwise provided for, and the Surplus thereof shall form a Fund, to be called the Enrolled Freemen’s Fund, and shall be carried by the Treasurer to a distinct Account accordingly.

Interim Investments.

Application of Income of Investments for Corporation.

Application of Income of Investments for enrolled Freemen.

Enrolled

Freemen's

Fund.

1G0 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvi.

Distribution

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the Amount of the enrolled Free-nf enrolled men’s fund for every Year commencing on the First Day of Nnvem-Fund"60 S ^er he divisible in equal Shares between the Persons who during such Year are the enrolled Freemen, and shall be paid to them, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by half-yearly Payments, on such Days as the Pastures Committee shall from Time to Time appoint, and in default of such Appointment the first half-yearly Payment thereof shall be made on the Fifteenth Day of November in such Year, and the second half-yearly Payment thereof shall be made on the Fifteenth Day of May next after such Year.

Order to be

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any half-yearly made for Distribution of the enrolled Freemen’s Fund shall not be made Distribution, except in pursuance of an Order of the Pastures Committee, in Writing signed by Three of the Members of such Committee, and countersigned by the Town Clerk, and forthwith after the making of any such Order the Town Clerk shall deliver the same to the Treasurer, anti shall post a Copy thereof; and after the Receipt by the Treasurer of such Order he shall, on Demand, make the half-yearly Distribution and Payment of the enrolled Freemen’s Fund accordingly, but without Interest in respect of any Time elapsed before due Demand for Payment.

LXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That whenever any Share of the enrolled Freemen’s Fund to which any enrolled Freeman, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, is or are entitled, is not duly demanded within Six Years next after the half-yearly Day on which the same became payable, his or their Right to such Share shall on the Expiration of such Six Years absolutely cease, anti the same shall be added to and be distributed as Part of the enrolled Freemen’s Fund for the Year in or with which such Six Years expired.

Limitation of

LXVI. And be it enacted, That after the passing of this Act the the Rights of Corporation shall not have any other Estate, Right, Interest, or Au-tion'and the" tll0r’t>' *n> to> over> or in respect of the Pastures, or the Rents, Profits, Freemen. or Proceeds thereof, or such Sum of Nineteen thousand two hundred and sixty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Two-pence Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, or the Dividends thereof, or any Part of the same respectively, than such Estate, Right, Interest, and Authority in, to, over, and in respect of the same respectively as the Corporation may lawfully claim by virtue of this Act; and any Person, being or claiming to be a Freeman, shall not, unless and except only in respect of his being or being entitled under this Act to be an enrolled Freeman, have any Right, Interest, or Authority in, to, over, or in respect of the Pastures, or the Rents, Profits, or Proceeds thereof, or such Sum of Nineteen thousand two hundred and sixty-three 1 ounds Nine Shillings and 1 wo-pence Reduced Ihrce Pounds per Centum Annuities, and any Person, being or being entitled under this Act to be an enrolled Freeman, shall not have any other Right, Interest, or Authority in, to, over, or in respect of the Pastures? or the Rents, Issues, Profits, or Proceeds thereof, or such Sum of Nineteen thousand two hundred and sixty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and

llight of Shares unclaimed for Si* Years to cease.

161

12° VICTORIA, Cap.\\i.

and Two-pence Annuities, or the Dividends thereof, or any Part of the same respectively, than such Right, Interest, and Authority in, to, over, and in respect of the same respectively as he may lawfully claim by virtue of this Act.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That the Corporation shall be indem- Indemnity of nified by and out of the Monies and Property in or to which the Corporation, enrolled Freemen are under this Act entitled or interested for all Payments made and Liabilities incurred in respect of any Acts done or suffered for any of the Purposes of the enrolled Freemen by the Corporation in the Execution of this Act, and against all Losses,

Costs, and Damages which the Corporation may incur in or by reason of the Execution of this Act for any of the Purposes of the enrolled Freemen; and the Pastures Committee shall from Time to Time, on the Application of the Corporation, order the Application of such Monies and Property for the Purposes of such Indemnity.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Corpora- Corporation tion shall pay out of the Borough Fund of the Borough all the Costs, to bear their Losses, and Damages of and incident to the carrying into execution own CoBts-for the Purposes of the Corporation of the Provisions of this Act.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That the Court of Chancery may from Orders of Time to Time, upon the Petition of the Corporation, or of the C°urt of Pastures Committee, or of any other Party interested, to be presented in a summary Way, make such Orders as the Court think a summary meet for carrying into effect any of the Provisions or Purposes of this Way.

Act, and for ascertaining, taxing, settling, and providing for the Payment of all Costs and Expenses by this Act authorized to be paid, and the Costs and Expenses of and incident to the Application to such Court.

LXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Corpora-Act contained shall enable the Corporation to alienate or incumber, ,lon ,not without the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's without*1* Treasury, any Hereditaments which could not have been alienated or Consent of incumbered before the passing of this Act without such Consent. Treasury.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That every List, Copy, and Notice Posting Lists required by this Act to be posted shall be posted by fixing the same and Notices on or near the outer Door of the Town Hall, or in some other public h^iT°&c and conspicuous Situation within the Borough.

LXXII. And whereas certain Lands in the Township of IVeelsby, HightofWay belonging or claimed to belong to the said George Fieschi Heneage, George abut upon the East Marsh Pasture, and the only Approach to such Es«' Pasture from the principal Part of the Town of Great Grimsby is 8 ’ '

by a Street called Pasture Street, belonging or claimed to belong to the Corporation, which Street approaches to within a short Distance of such Lands; and it has been agreed that the said George Fieschi Heneage, or other the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, shall have Access to and a Right of Way over such Street: Be it therefore [Local.] S s enacted,

1G2

Certain Works to be done under Superintendence of Engineer, &c.

Saving

Rights of

Manchester,

Sheffield,and

Lincolnshire

Railway

Company.

Eiyjenses of Act.

Proceedings under the Act to bind all Parties interested.

General

Saving.

12° VICTORIA, Crt/j.xvi.

enacted, That the said George Fieschi Heneage, his Heirs or Assigns, may within Two Years after the passing of this Act, at his or their own Expense, continue suclt Street (of the same Width as that of such existing Street) up to the Drain which separates such Lands from such Pasture, and thence by means of a Bridge erected over such Drain continue such Street into such Lands, and from and after the Execution of such Works the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands shall have free Right of Way for all Purposes over such Street to and from the Town of Great Grimsby : Provided always, that such Owners and Occupiers shall at their own Expense keep the said new Portion of Road from the said Drain to Pasture Street and the said Bridge in proper Repair.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Works for crossing such Drain shall be executed under the Superintendence of the Engineer for the Time being of the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company, and to the Satisfaction of such Engineer and the Corporation respectively.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained or authorized shall take away, diminish, alter, prejudice, or affect any of the Lands, Monies, Properties, Rights, Remedies, Privileges, Powers, Franchises, or Authorities of or belonging to or vested in the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise howsoever.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money, Costs, Charges, and Expenses paid or incurred preparatory or with a view to this Act, and in obtaining and passing the same, and of or relating to any Application to the Court of Chancery or other Proceeding for ascertaining, taxing, and settling the Amount thereof, shall be paid out of such Sum of Nineteen thousand two hundred and sixty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Two-pence Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, as herein-before directed.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That every Order, Regulation, Bye Law, Contract, Letting, Lease, Sale, and other Disposition, Act, and Thing whatsoever, which shall be made, done, and executed respectively in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, shall be absolutely valid and binding at Law and in Equity upon the Corporation, and all Persons for the Time being claiming any Estate, Interest, Right, or Charge, at Law or in Equity, in, upon, to, or affecting the Pastures, or the Rents, Profits, or Proceeds thereof, or Sum of Nineteen thousand two hundred and sixty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Two-pence Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, °or the Dividends thereof.

LXXVII. Saving always to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except

the

163

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvi.

the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough, and their Successors, and the Freemen and Widows of Freemen of the Borough, and their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and the Incumbent for the Time being of the Vicarage of the Parish, and the Impropriator for the Time being of the Impropriate Rectory of the Parish,) all such Estates, Rights, and Interests as they or any of them had enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or ought to have had in case this Act had not been passed.

[Public Act.]

LX XVI 11. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIA REGINA.

Cap. xvii.

An Act for better supplying the Town, Port, and Harbour of Whitehaven and other Places with Water.

[24th May 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland, which Act was continued, amended, and enlarged by several Acts passed respectively in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, and in the First, Second, Twenty-eighth, Thirty-second, Forty-sixth, Fifty-sixth, and Fifty-eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, in virtue of which Acts, or some of them, the Lord of the Manor of Saint Bees in the County of Cumberland for the Time being, and certain other Persons, have been from Time to Time appointed and elected, in manner therein mentioned, to be Trustees of the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, for the several Purposes set forth in the said several Acts, and, among other Purposes, for better supplying the said Town and Harbour of Whitehaven with Water : And whereas the Powers and Provisions contained in the said recited Acts, or some of them, so far as the same relate to such Supply of Water for the Use of the said Town and Neighbourhood, and of the Shipping of and resorting to the said Port and Harbour, have been found totally [Local.] T t inadequate

7 Ann. c. .5.

166 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvii.

inadequate and insufficient for that Purpose, and the making of Waterworks for more effectually supplying the same with Water would be of great Benefit: And whereas the said Lord of the Manor of Saint Bees and the other Trustees acting in virtue of the said recited Acts

are willing to carry such Undertaking into execution; but these Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and I emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of 8 «& 9 Vict, the same, That " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and C. 18. and ‘‘The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847," shall be incorporated with

•°17 'incor*' an^ form ^alt t*1‘S Act, a,K* t*le l>rov's'ons °* ^ Acts s*,a'* porateTwith he applicable to the Purposes of this Act, except so far as the same

this Act. Provisions or any of them are inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, or are modified or altered thereby.

[Short Title.]

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments and Parliamentary Notices, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Whitehaven Waterworks Act, 1849."

Trustees

III. And be it enacted, That the Lord or Lords for the Time

under former |jeing of the Manor of Saint Bees, and the rest of the Trustees of the Trustees^ sa'd Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, shall be the Trustees under this for carrying this Act and the several Powers thereof into execution. Act.

Quorum of

IV. And be it enacted, That Eleven of such Trustees shall be a Trustees. Quorum of any Meeting held for executing the Powers of this Act, and shall be sufficient for carrying into effect the Purposes thereof.

Certain Pro- V. And be it enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions in the visions of Said recited Acts contained, so far as the same relate to the supplying aTtcTsupply of the sa'd Town and Harbour of Whitehaven with Water, shall of Water from aud after the passing of this Act be and the same are hereby repealed. repealed.

Powers of

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all the Powers and expended "to Provlsions of the said recited Acts, so far as the same are now in q,is Act. ° force> (except such of them or such Parts thereof as are by this Act repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for, or are contrary to or inconsistent therewith, or with the Provisions of the said " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," or of the said " Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847," as extended to this Act,) shall extend to this Act, and to the several Works and Things hereby authorized to be made and done, and shall operate and be in force in reference thereto as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and especially referred to the Objects and Purposes thereof.

Limits of

VII. And be it enacted, That the Limits of this Act shall comprise the Act. and include the several Parishes, Townships, and extra-parochial or other Places of Whitehaven, Preston Quarter, Mount Pleasant, and Hensingliam, all in the said County of Cumberland.

12° VICTORIAE, Cnp.xvii 1<>7

VIII. And whereas a Plan and Sections showing the Line and

Levels of the Waterworks, and also a Book of Reference containing ac_ ' the Names of the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands and corjing to Streams in or through which the same are intended to be made or to deposited pass, or which are required for the Purposes of the said Waterworks, i>lans-have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Cumberland: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees, subject to the Provisions and Restrictions in this and the said incorporated Acts contained, to make and maintain the said Waterworks, and other Works and Conveniences connected therewith, in the Line and on the Levels and upon the Lands delineated on the said Plan and Sections and described in the said Book of Reference, and for that Purpose to purchase, either absolutely for a Sum in gross, or to take on Lease at an annual or other Rent, and to enter upon, take, and use, such of the Lands delineated on the said Plan and referred to in the said Book of Reference as shall be necessary for that Purpose, or any Easement, Privilege, Power, or Authority in or over the same, and for the Purposes of this Act to take, use, and appropriate a Portion of the Waters of the River Elien delineated or described on the said Plan, not exceeding One Million Gallons per Day, and to make and maintain the several Works necessary to be made at or near the Mouth of a certain Lake called Ennerdale Lake, from which the said River flows or proceeds, for the Purpose of impounding in and drawing therefrom a further and greater Quantity of Water in lieu of and in full Compensation for the Quantity of Water so to be taken, used, and appropriated from the said River: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to divert into the said Lake a certain Stream which now flows across a certain Close or Field called Hollin Field, situate in the Parish of Saint Bees, and numbered 133 on the said deposited Plan.

IX. And whereas Joseph Dickinson of Redhow in the Parish of An annual Lamplugh, Gentleman, is or claims to be the Owner of the said Lake, Payment to and the Ground and Soil thereof, and of the exclusive Right of Fishing MrTlJick therein : And whereas the said Trustees have agreed to pay the said inson, or C Joseph Dickinson, or other the Owner or Owners for the Time being other’the of the said Lake and Right of Fishing, the annual or yearly Sum of 0wner ot Ten Pounds for ever, for and in consideration of the impounding and faketn'6 drawing Water in manner aforesaid : Be it enacted, That the'’ said considera-annual Sum of Ten Pounds shall be charged upon and payable out of tion of im-all Monies to be received by the said Trustees under the Authority Pounding •» of this Act, and shall be paid to the said Joseph Dickinson, his Heirs Watfr there and Assigns, or other the Owner for the Time being of the said Lake, from, half-yearly, on the Second Day of February and the Second Day of August in every Year, by equal Payments, the first Half-yearly Payment thereof to be made on the first of the said Days after the Day

upon which the Works to be made as aforesaid at the Mouth of the said Lake shall be made and completed; and in default of Payment such annual Sum shall be recoverable from the said Trustees in the same Manner as any Money lent upon Mortgage by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of impounding an Trustees u> additional Quantity of Water in the said Lake for the Use of the make Weirs,

Owners ^ams^ an,l

108

other Works at the Mouth of said Lake.

Works not to prejudice the Claim of Mr. T. Ainsworth to the Use of Water.

Water to be discharged from Enner-dale Lake for the Purposes of this Act.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvii.

Owners of Mills on the River Elien it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby required to make and maintain near the Mouth of the said Lake such Weirs, Dams, Embankments, and other Wofks on the Lands referred to in the said Book of Reference as shall be necessary and proper for raising the Surface of the said Lake to the Height of One Foot at the least above the Level of the Waste Weir now existing at or near the Mouth of the said Lake.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to alter, vary, obstruct, or otherwise interfere with a certain Sluice and Canal or Goit situate at or near the Mouth of Ennerdale Lake aforesaid, and now used for the Purpose of drawing and passing Water from the said Lake to and into the said River Elien, or with the Enlargement, Deepening, and Improvement thereof, by any Person or Persons for the Time being entitled so to enlarge, deepen, or improve the same, in order to have the full Benefit of the increased Quantity of Water which will be drawn and pass through the same in consequence of the raising of the Surface of the said Lake, as hereinbefore directed, nor to prejudice or injure the free and uninterrupted Use and Enjoyment claimed by Mr. Thomas Ainsworth of Flosh Mills in the Parish of Cleator, his Heirs and Assigns, of the said Sluice and Canal or Goit, in its present State or as the same may be enlarged, deepened, and improved as aforesaid, or of the Water of the said Lake, in its present State or as increased by any impounding thereof, as herein-before mentioned, but the said Thomas Ainsworth, his Heirs and Assigns, shall have and enjoy such and the same Rights and Privileges in and over the said Sluice and Canal or Goit, as so enlarged, deepened, and improved as aforesaid, and in and over the said Lake, and the increased Quantity of Water in the same arising from such impounding, as he and they are entitled to have and enjoy in and over the same respectively in their present State.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Thomas Ainsworth, his Heirs or Assigns, or other the Owner of the said Sluice for the Time being, shall, at the Expense of the said Trustees, make and construct, and for ever thereafter continue and maintain, in the lower Part of such Sluice, such sufficient Aperture and Apparatus as shall be necessary to enable such and the same Quantity of Water to be drawn or discharged from and out of the said Lake to and into the upper Portion of the said River as shall from Time to lime be withdrawn by the said Trustees from the lower Portion of the said River for the Purposes this Act; and the said Thomas Amsworth, his Heirs or Assigns, or other the Owner of the said Sluice for the Time being, shall, if and when required by Notice in Miiting signed by any Iwo or more of the Occupiers for the 1 line being of Mills situate on the said River, such Notice to be delivered or left at the Counting-house of the said Mills called Flush Mills, from 'Time to Time, and at the like Expense, so regulate and adjust such Aperture as to enable such Quantity of Water as aforesaid so to be drawn or discharged from and out of the said Lake to and into the said River, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

12° VICTORIA, CV/p.xvii.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall make and construct in the upper Part of the said Weir a moveable Waste Board, of the Width of Thirty Feet at least, and of a Depth as nearly as may be corresponding to the additional Height to which the Surface of the said Lake shall be raised by the said Trustees under the Provisions of this Act, with all proper Gearing and other Apparatus thereto, for raising and lowering the same; and in case and when and so often as the said Mills called Flosh Mills shall cease to be worked for the Space of Three working Days at any One Time, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby required, on the Requisition in Writing of any Two or more of the Occupiers of Mills on the said River, forthwith so to regulate and adjust the Height of the upper Edge of the said Waste Board for the then next succeeding Period of Seven Days as shall be mentioned in and required by the said Requisition, and so in like Manner from Time to Time and so often as shall be required during such Periods as the said Mills called Flosh Mills shall cease to be worked for the Space of Three working Days at any One Time, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and from Time to Time, when and so often as the said Mills called Flosh Mills shall again begin to be worked, it shall be lawful for the Occupier for the Time being of such last-mentioned Mills, or the said Trustees shall, on the Requisition of the said Thomas Ainsworth, his Heirs or Assigns, and they are hereby required, forthwith to raise and restore the upper Edge of the said Waste Board to the said additional Height to which the Surface of the said Lake shall be so raised as aforesaid; and in case the said Mills called Flosh Mills shall not be worked for more than Three working Days at any One Time after the said Waste Board shall have been so raised as aforesaid, the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required, forthwith, on Notice in manner aforesaid, again to lower the upper Edge of the said Waste Board as may in such Notice be required, anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in every Lease of any Lands and Streams by any Party under any Disability or Incapacity to sell and convey Lands as defined by " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," there shall be reserved the best or most usual yearly Rent for or in respect of such Lands and Streams, and no Fine, Premium, or Foregift shall be paid upon or in respect of such Lease.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Persons empowered by " The said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act" to convey Lands shall have full Power to grant Leases of any Lands for the Purposes of this Act, or any Easement, Power, or Authority in or over such Lands.

XVI. And be it enacted, That, in addition to the Lands and Streams authorized to be purchased as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Trustees to contract with any Party willing to sell or lease the same, for the Purchase or Lease of any Streams or Springs of Water, or of any Land not exceeding in Quantity Twenty Acres, which shall be deemed proper or expedient for the Purposes of the Waterworks hereby authorized to be constructed : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Trustees to divert or use any such Stream or Spring of Water unless and until they shall purchase

169

Water to be discharged from Enner-dale Lake in certain Cases for the Use of Occupiers of Mills.

In case of Parties under Disability, Lands, fire, to be let at best yearly Rent.

Owners may grant Leases.

Trustees may purchase Land, not exceeding Twenty Acres, for additional Purposes.

170

Period for compulsory Purchase of Lands limited.

Period for completing Works.

Trustees to hold Lands in the Name of the Lord of the Manor of St. Bees for the Time being.

Power to Trustees to makeaWater Kate.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xxii.

the Interests therein of and from all Persons whose beneficial Use thereof shall be affected thereby.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Powers of the said Trustees for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of this Act, or for the compulsory Acquisition of any Right, Easement, or Privilege therein, shall not be exercised after the Expiration of Four \ears from the passing of this Act.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Waterworks shall be completed within Four Years from the passing of this Act, and on the Expiration of such Period the Powers by this or the said incorporated Acts granted to the Trustees for executing such Works, or otherwise in relation thereto, shall cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the said Waterworks as shall then be completed : Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so far as to restrain the Trustees from extending their Mains and Pipes from Time to Time, whenever it shall be necessary, for the Purpose of supplying the Inhabitants within the Limits of this Act with Water.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees to purchase, take, and hold all Lands, Easements, or Privileges necessary for carrying into execution the Powers of this Act in the Name of the Lord of the Manor of Saint Bees for the Time being, in trust for the Purposes of this Act; and in giving any Notice or Notices under the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act or under this Act, for the Acquisition of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Right, Easement, or Privilege therein, it shall be sufficient if such Notice or Notices be signed by the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being of the said Trustees, or by the Chairman of the Board of Trustees at a Meeting duly convened and held in pursuance of the said recited Acts.

XX. And in order to raise a Sum of Money sufficient to defray the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of supplying the Places within the Limits of this Act with Water, and otherwise incident and in relation thereto, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees once in every Year to cause a public Rate, to be called the " Water Rate," to be made and levied, in respect of the Supply of Water for domestic Purposes, upon the Occupiers of all Dwelling Houses, Inns, Hotels, Taverns, and other similar Premises, and upon the Occupiers of all Buildings used as Dwelling Houses, situate within the Limits of this Act, according to the full net annual Value thereof, and at a Rate per Centum not exceeding Six Pounds upon such full net annual Value of such Dwelling Houses and other Buildings and Premises respectively as aforesaid; and the said Water Rate shall from Time to Time be collected and paid by yearly, half-yearly, or quarterly Payments, as the Trustees shall from Time to Time think proper: Provided always, that the Trustees shall not be obliged to furnish a Supply of Water for domestic Purposes to any Person for a less Sum than Five Shillings in any One Year; and provided also, that no Person shall be liable to pay any Rate made for the Purposes of this Act unless he shall occupy a Dwelling House or other Building or Premises respectively

as

171

12° VICTORIA, Cap*xvii.

as aforesaid the outer Wall of which shall be situate within a Distance of Fifty Yards of any Main or Service Pipe of the Works authorized by this Act, or shall obtain a Supply of Water therefrom.

XXI. And be it enacted, That a Supply of Water for domestic Purposes aforesaid shall not include a Supply of Water for Railway Purposes, or for Baths, Wash-houses, Water-closets, or public Purposes, or for Horses or Cattle, or for washing Carriages, or for any ornamental Purpose, or for any Steam Engine, or for any Brewery, Warehouse, Counting-house, Office, Shop used solely as a Shop, and not communicating with any Dwelling House or other Building liable to be rated under the Authority of this Act, Coach-house, Stable, Store, Cellar, Vault, Workshop, Mill, or Manufactory, or for Shipping, or for any Trade, Manufacture, or Business whatsoever.

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees to supply any Person with Water for other than domestic Purposes, and private Water-closets and private Baths, at such Rent and upon such Terms and Conditions as shall be agreed upon between the Trustees and Persons desirous of having such Supply of Water.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall furnish a Supply of Water for Baths and Water-closets in any private Dwelling House at or for Rates or Remunerations not exceeding the Rates or Remunerations following; that is to say,

When the full net annual Value of such Dwelling House does not exceed Eight Pounds, the Sum of Four Shillings per Annum for each such Bath or Water-closet:

When the full net annual Value of such Dwelling House exceeds Eight Pounds and does not exceed Fifteen Pounds, the Sum of Six Shillings per Annum for each such Bath or Water-closet:

When the full net annual Value of such Dwelling House exceeds Fifteen Pounds but does not exceed Twenty-five Pounds, the Sum of Eight Shillings per Annum for each such Bath or Water-closet:

When the full net annual Value of such Dwelling House exceeds Twenty-five Pounds, the Sum of Ten Shillings per Annum for each such Bath or Water-closet.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees to supply with Water Ships or Vessels resorting to the Port and Harbour of Whitehaven, by Agreement with the Owners or Masters of such Ships or Vessels, and to charge such Remuneration or Rate of Payment for the Water supplied to any such Ships or Vessels as to the .trustees from Time to Time may seem to be reasonable, not exceeding the Rates herein-after mentioned; that is to say.

For One hundred Gallons or any less Quantity supplied at any One lime to any such Ship or Vessel, One Shilling; and for every additional One hundred Gallons or Part of One hundred Gallons, Sixpence:

And it shall be lawful for the Trustees from Time to Time to make and establish such Rules and Regulations for supplying Ships or Vessels with Water as to them shall seem proper.

Supply ot' Water not to include Supply for Trade, &c.

Water for other than domestic and Shipping Purposes to be supplied by Agreement.

Charges for private Baths and Water-closets to be limited-

Charges for supplying the Shipping limited.

172

Constant Pressure to be that afforded from Reservoir.

Certain Clauses of 11 & 12 Vict, c. 3t. relating to Rates applied to this Act.

New Rate may be made, though previous Rate not fully paid up.

Power to rate the Owners instead of Occupiers in certain Cases.

Liability to Rates not to disqualify Justices, and Trustees may be competent Witnesses.

Application of Rates.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvii.

XXV. And with respect to the Supply of Water in pursuance of the Thirty-fifth Section of the " Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, ’ be it enacted, That the Water so to be supplied need not be constantly laid on under a Pressure greater than that to be afforded from the Service Reservoir delineated on the said Plans.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the following Clauses in " I he Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847," shall, so far as the same are applicable to the said recited Acts and this Act, and not inconsistent therewith, apply to the Trustees acting in virtue of this Act, and be and the same are hereby incorporated therewith; (that is to say,)

The Clauses with respect to the Manner of making Rates;

The Clauses with respect to the Appeal to be made against any Rate; and

The Clauses with respect to the Recovery of Rates.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees in any One Year to make and levy the Water Rate by this Act authorized, although and notwithstanding that by reason of Poverty the annual Water Rate for the Year immediately preceding, or any Year prior to the making of such new Rate, shall not have been fully and completely levied and paid.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which any Property liable to be rated under the Authority of this Act, the full net annual Value of which shall not exceed Six Pounds, it shall be lawful for the Trustees, in or by any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, at their Discretion, to rate and assess the Owner of every or any such Property instead of the actual Occupier thereof; and upon Nonpayment of the Sum so to be assessed the same may and shall be levied, and the Payment thereof be enforced, against the Owner so to be assessed, upon his Goods and Chattels, in like Manner as any Rate made for the Purposes of this Act may be recovered and levied, and Payment thereof enforced, under the Authority of this Act, upon and against any actual Occupier to whom the same is charged.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That no Person, though liable to the Payment of Money towards the Rates authorized to be raised under this Act, shall by reason thereof be disabled to act as a Justice of the Peace or otherwise in any Manner relating to the carrying of this Act into execution \ nor shall any Trustee be deemed an incompetent W itness in any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding under this Act, by reason of his being a Party in or to any such Action, Suit, or Proceeding.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all Monies to be raised by Mortgage or levied by the Trustees under the Authority of this Act shall be applied, first, in paying the Expenses of obtaining and passing this Act as herein-after provided, and, secondly, in carrying the several Provisions of this Act into execution, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvii.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the Trustees shall keep a separate and distinct Account, to be called " The Whitehaven Water Account," of all Monies received or paid under the Provisions of this Act, and such Account shall be audited in such and the like Manner as other Accounts kept by the said Trustees under the Provisions of this Act.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money received by virtue of the Water Rate to be levied under the Authority of this Act, and all other Monies to be received under the Provisions of this Act, shall be carried to the Credit of the said Account called " The Whitehaven Water Account."

XXXIII. And in order to raise Money for defraying the Expenses incurred or to be incurred in carrying into effect the Powers and Provisions of this Act: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees and they are hereby authorized from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest on the Credit of the " Whitehaven Water Account," of and from any Person who shall be willing to advance the same, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sutn of Twenty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, the Trustees may mortgage and assign over the said " Whitehaven Water Account," or any Part thereof, or any Monies accruing and by this Act authorized or directed to be paid thereto, or any Part thereof, to any Person who shall advance such Money, or his Trustee, and, in the event of all or any Part of such Monies being repaid by the Trustees, to reborrow the same upon the like Security, and so toties quoties, but so nevertheless that there shall not be owing on the Security aforesaid, under the Authority of this Act, any more than the said Sum of Twenty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees and they are hereby required annually to set apart from and out of any surplus Monies appearing upon the then yearly Balance of the said " Whitehaven Water Account " a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum nor less than One Pound per Centum per Annum upon the Amount raised and borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, together with the Amount of any Surplus then remaining, and the Sum or Sums so set apart shall be carried to an Account to be called " The Sinking Fund and such Sinking Fund shall be from Time to Time applicable to the Redemption of Mortgages, and the Restoration and Improvement of the Works by this Act authorized, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the Trustees shall from Time to Time so regulate the Rates and Charges to be made for the Supply of Water under the Provisions of this Act that the Amount of such Rates and Charges shall be as near as may be sufficient to pay the Interest upon any Monies borrowed on the Credit of " The Whitehaven Water Account," together with the Costs of managing, conducting, and extending the Works by this Act authorized to be

[Loc«/.] X x made,

173

Separate Accounts to be kept.

Money received under this Act to be carried to Credit of Water Account.

Power to Trustees to borrow Money.

Trustees to establish a Sinking Fund.

Application of Fund.

Rate how to be determined.

174

Certain Clauses in 11 & 12 Vict, c. 16. applied to this Act.

Prior Mortgages not to affected.

Nothing herein to exempt Trustees from Provisions of 11 & 12 Vict, c. 63.

Saving of Rights under recited Acts.

Expenses of Act.

12" VICTORIA, Cap. xvii.

made, and such further Sum as may be proper to be set apart as and for a Sinking Fund under the Provisions herein-before contained.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the following Clauses in " The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," shall, so far as the same are applicable to this and the said recited Acts, and not inconsistent therewith, apply to the Trustees acting in virtue of this Act, and be and the same are hereby incorporated therewith; (that is to say,)

The Clauses with respect to the Contracts to be entered into and the Deeds to be executed by the Trustees;

The Clauses with respect to the Liabilities of the 1 rustees, and to legal Proceedings by or against the Trustees;

The Clauses with respect to the Appointment and Accountability of the Officers of the Trustees;

The Clauses with respect to the Mortgages to be executed by the Trustees; and

The Clauses with respect to the Accounts to be kept by the Trustees.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be held in any way to prejudice or affect the Priority or Validity of any Mortgages, Bonds, or other Securities executed by the said Trustees, or Debts or other Liabilities which they may have incurred or be subject to in carrying into effect the other Purposes by the said recited Acts authorized, and which may be subsisting and in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, but all such Mortgages, Bonds, or other Securities, Debts or Liabilities, shall during the Continuance thereof have the same Priority, Validity, and Effect as if this Act had not been passed.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the said Trustees from the Provisions of " The Public Health Act, 1848," or of any general Act relating thereto or to the Subject Matter thereof which may pass during the present or any future Session of Parliament.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to abridge, alter, prejudice, or take away any of the Rights or Privileges, Franchises, Powers, or Authorities, of or belonging to or vested in the Lord or Lords of the Manor of Saint Bees for the Time being, and the said other Trustees, or any other Person or Persons, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts or any them, but the said Acts, and all the Powers and Provisions and Matters and Things therein contained, so far as the same are now in force, or are not modified by or inconsistent with this Act, shall continue in full Force and Effect in like Manner as if this Act had not been passed.

XL. And be it enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, and incidental and preparatory thereto, shall be paid by the Trustees out of the first Monies to be received by them in pursuance of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatever.

12° VICTORIA, Ctfjo.xvii.

XLI. And be it enacted, That in this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there is something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; that is to say,

The Words " the Trustees, or the said Trustees," shall mean the Trustees of the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven:

The Expression " Clerk or Clerks " shall mean the Clerk or Clerks of the said Trustees.

XLII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

175

Interpretation of Terms.

[Public Act.]

n ^n/

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIAE REGINE.

Cap. xviii.

An Act for altering the Mode of assessing the Drainage Rates authorized by the Act for draining and improving Marshland Smeeth and Marsh-land Fen in the Country of Marshland in the County of Norfolk, and to provide for the Repair of Roads within the Limits of the said Act.

[24th May 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for draining and improving, and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, certain Tracts of Common and Waste Lands called Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, lying within the Country of Marshland in the County of Norfo\k, and for stinting and regulating the stocking, feeding, and depasturing of the said Smeeth and Fen until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof, whereby Powers were conferred upon the Commissioners constituted by the said Act for draining, dividing, and allotting the Tracts of Common and Waste Lands called Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, and also (upon the Application of the Proprietors thereof, and which Application has been made,) to include certain other Lands [Loca/.] Y y called

36 G. 3. c. too.

178

12° VICTORIAE, Cap. xviii.

called Well Moor, Broad Fen, and Short Fen, in the said Drainage, and Powers were conferred upon the Commissioners for Drainage constituted by the said Act to tax and charge the Owners and Occupiers of the said Common and Waste Lands with such equal and proportionate Rates and Assessments upon each and every Allotment to be made by virtue of the said Act as they should judge necessary for the Purposes of such Drainage, and to tax and charge the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands called Well Moor, Broad Fen, and Short Fen with such proportionate Rates and Taxes for the Purposes aforesaid as should be equal to the Rates and Taxes to be raised and payable out of the said Common or Waste Lands : And whereas it was by the said Act enacted, that the Commissioners for Inclosure therein mentioned should set out such public Carriage Roads and such private Roads and Ways as should be necessary and convenient, and that all such private Roads and Ways should be repaired at the Expense of the Persons entitled to the said Tracts of Common and Waste Lands in such Manner as the said Commissioners for Inclosure should direct: And whereas the said Commissioners for Inclosure, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act, set out, allotted, and awarded several private Roads, but no public Roads, over the said Common and Waste Lands, and declared in what Parishes the said private Roads should lie, and directed that the said Roads should at all Times thereafter be repaired at the Expense of the Persons who for the Time being should be entitled to the Parcels of Land therein-after awarded within the several Parishes wherein the said Roads were therein declared to be, so that the Roads within each Parish should be repaired at the Expense of the Persons entitled to Lands in such Parish, and that the Expense of repairing the said Roads should be borne by the Persons entitled to the said respective Lands in the same Proportions as the Occupiers of the said Lands should respectively contribute to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, or other Rates or Assessments within the said Parishes: And whereas by the Mode of Assessment prescribed by the said recited Act for the Purposes of Drainage the Lands in the said Marshland Smeeth are unfairly assessed, and made to contribute an undue Proportion of the Expenses of the several Works for the Drainage and Preservation of the Lands in the said District, in comparison with the Lands in the said Marshland Fen, and it is considered just and reasonable that all the Lands in the said Smeeth and Fen (together with the Lands in Well Moor, Broad Fen, and Short Fen,) should be rated equally by the Acre throughout the whole of the said District for all Purposes of Drainage : And whereas it is expedient that certain of the said Roads so set out as aforesaid as private Roads should be declared to be and should be made public Roads, and that the said Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, together with the said Broad Fen and Short Fen, should be formed into a separate District for the Repair of the said Roads, and that further Provision should be made for the Repair of the said Roads, and that the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands within the Limits of the said District should in respect of such Lands be exempted from all Highway and othei Rates, and from all other Liability, pecuniary or otherwise, for repairing any Road or Highway not being within the Limits of the said District: And whereas the Objects aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please

Your

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xviii. 179

Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Recited Act said recited Act, and all the Enactments and Provisions therein con- £°r"teinue tained, so far as they respectively stood in force before the passing of aS this Act, shall henceforth continue in force as if the same had been altered, repeated and re-enacted in this Act, except only so far as the same are by this Act repealed, varied, or altered, or are inconsistent therewith.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act Proprietors every Owner of Thirty Acres of Land liable to be taxed, charged, or ’"^eiUloor assessed under the said recited Act or this Act shall be and he is

hereby appointed a Commissioner for the Purposes of the said recited Fens to be Act and this Act; and that the several Works, Lands, and other Pro- Commission-perty vested in, and Powers, Authorities, Emoluments, and Duties ers-given to, exercisable by, and imposed upon the Commissioners of Drainage, under or by virtue of the said recited Act, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be respectively vested in, given to, exercisable by, and imposed upon the said Commissioners under this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, save and except so far as the same are altered, varied, or repealed by this Act; and that the Proprietors of Lands in Well Moor, Broad Fen, and Short Fen shall have the like Power of appointing Deputy Commissioners to act for them in their Absence, and all such other Powers, as by the said recited Act are given to the Proprietors of Lands in the said Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, save and except only so far as such Powers are hereby repealed or altered; provided that no Commissioner appointed in respect of his being Owner of Land within Well Moor aforesaid shall be authorized to act or vote upon any Question or Matter relating to any of the Roads by this Act authorized to be made, maintained, or repaired.

III. And for the Purpose of regulating the Conduct of any Business As to Votes to be transacted by the said Commissioners at any Meeting or Meet- of Commis-ings to be held by them pursuant to the said recited Act or this Act, sloners‘

be it enacted, That every Commissioner and Deputy Commissioner, being the Proprietor of or appointed for or in respect of less than One hundred Acres of Land liable to be taxed, charged, or assessed under this Act, shall be entitled to and have One Vote only; and being the Proprietor of or appointed for or in respect of One hundred Acres and less than Two hundred Acres of such Land, shall be entitled to and have Two Votes; and being the Proprietor of or appointed for or in respect of Two hundred Acres and less than Three hundred Acres of such Land, Three Votes; and of, for, or in respect of Three hundred Acres of such Land (or upwards), Four Votes.

IV. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding anything in the said Extension of recited Act contained to the contrary, it shall be lawful for the Power for said Commissioners from Time to Time to hold their general, special, Commission-and adjourned Meetings in the Towns of King's Lynn and Wisbech Meetings. Saint Peter’s, or either of them, or at any intermediate or other Place,

as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time appoint; and if at any of their Meetings the said Commissioners

180 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xyul

missioners present shall omit to adjourn their Meeting to any other Day, or if there shall not he Five of the said Commissioners present to adjourn the same, then it shall be lawful for the Clerk to the said Commissioners to adjourn such Meeting for such Time, either less or exceeding Fourteen Days from the Time of such Adjournment, and either to the same or any other Place, as the said Clerk in his Discretion shall think proper, giving public Notice of the Time and Place of such adjourned Meeting in One or more of the Norfolk and One or more of the Cambridge County Newspapers: Provided nevertheless, that the General Annual Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be held alternately in the Towns of King's Lynn and Wisbech Saint Peter's aforesaid on the Second Wednesday in the Month of May yearly, as directed by the said recited Act.

Power of V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Corn-Commission- missioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at their Commufee"1 respect've Meetings, from Time to Time to appoint any Number of mi L s- themselves, not being more than Ten nor less than Five, to be a Committee for any Purposes for which the said Commissioners, in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, may think proper so to appoint them; and it shall be lawful for such Committee to meet from Time to Time, and to adjourn from Place to Place, as they may think proper, for carrying into effect the Purposes of their Appointment; but such Committee shall not exercise any of the Powers intrusted to them, except at a Meeting at which Five Members of such Committee shall be present; and at all Meetings of such Committee One of the Members present shall be appointed Chairman, and all Questions at any such Meeting shall be determined by a Majority of Votes of the Members present, and every Member of such Committee shall for the Purposes thereof be entitled to One Vote only, except the Chairman, who shall in the Case of an Equality of Votes be entitled to an additional or casting Vote; and the several Acts and Resolutions of the said Committee, or the major Part of them present at any Meeting, in the Execution of the several Powers intrusted to them by the said Commissioners, being confirmed or adopted by the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, shall be good, effectual, and binding to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

The Com-

VI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners for the Time missioners to being acting in execution of the said recited Act and this Act may «ue and be an(j shall, in all Cases arising out of or under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, sue and be sued in the Name of any One of the said Commissioners or of their Clerk for the Time being; and no Action, Suit, Information, or Indictment which shall be brought, commenced, filed, preferred, or prosecuted by or against the said Commissioners or any of them respectively by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, in the Name of any Commissioner or of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension, or Removal of any such Commissioner or Clerk, or by the Act of any such Commissioner or Clerk without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but the said Commissioner or the Clerk for the Time being shall always be and be deemed to be the Plaintiff, Prosecutor, or Defendant, as the Case may be, in any such Action, Suit, Information, or Indictment: Provided nevertheless, that every such Commissioner

sued in the Name of a Commissioner or their Clerk.

181

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiii.

missioner and Clerk shall be reimbursed and paid out of the Funds to arise by virtue of this Act all such Damages, Losses, Costs, Charges, and Expenses as he shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being made Plaintiff', Prosecutor, or Defendant as aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to remove the Wind Engines now erected and used for the Drainage of the Lands in the said Marshland Smeeth and Fen, and in Well Moor, Broad Fen, and Short Fen, or any of them, and to erect, make, and use such Steam Engines and other Works as the said Commissioners shall think expedient for the better and more effectual Drainage thereof.

VIII. And be it enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as directs and authorizes the said Commissioners for Drainage to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the Owners and Occupiers of the said Common and Waste Lands by and with such equal and proportionate Rates and Assessments upon each and every Allotment made by virtue of the said recited Act as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes therein mentioned, and as authorizes and directs such Commissioners to tax, charge, and assess the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands called Well Moor, Broad Fen, and Short Fen with such proportionate Rates and Taxes, for the Purposes therein mentioned, as shall be equal to the Rates and Taxes to be raised and payable out of the said Common and Waste Lands, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and in lieu and stead thereof the said Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act shall and may from Time to Time, henceforth and at all Times, at their General Meeting in each and every succeeding Year, or at any Special Meeting of which public Notice shall be given in manner provided by the said recited Act, assess, tax, rate, and charge all and every the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands in the said Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, and in Well Moor, Broad Fen, and Short Fen, with such Rates and Assessments as they shall judge necessary, to be charged and assessed by the said Commissioners equally by the Acre upon each and every Acre of the said Lands in the said Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, and in Well Moor, Broad Fen, and Short Fen, and so in proportion for any less Quantity than an Acre, for maintaining, repairing, and supporting the several Works by the said recited Act authorized to be made for the Drainage Purposes thereofj and for making and maintaining the several Works authorized by this Act for such Purposes, and for making any necessary Alterations and Enlargements therein or thereto respectively as Occasion shall require, and for paying the Interest of any Principal Money which may be secured on such Rates, Taxes, and Assessments under the Powers in that Behalf herein-after contained, and for providing a Fund for the Payment of such Principal Monies as hereinafter directed: Provided nevertheless, that such Acre Rates and laxes shall not exceed the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence an Acre in the whole in any One Year.

Power to Commissioners to drain by Steam.

The Drainage Rates to be assessed by the Acre.

182

Application of Drainage Rates.

Tenants to pay Drainage Rates) without Pie-

i'udice to -eases, &c.

Certain Roads to be public Highways.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xviii.

IX. And be it enacted, Tltat all the Taxes which shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act as last aforesaid shall be applied in making, maintaining, repairing, supporting, altering, and enlarging the several Works for the Drainage of the said Lands, and in paying the Interest of any Principal Monies which may be secured on such laxes, under the Powers in this Act herein-after contained, and in or towards Payment of such Principal Monies, in manner herein-after directed.

X. And be it enacted, That all Tenants and Occupiers of all and singular the Lands which shall be assessed or rated by virtue of this Act for the Purposes of Drainage shall and they are hereby authorized and required to pay such Sums of Money as shall be so assessed on the Lands in their respective Occupations, and to deduct and retain out of his, her, or their Rent all such Money as they shall respectively pay; and the several Owners are hereby required to allow such Deduction, and every such Tenant paying such Assessment shall be discharged of so much Money as the same shall amount to, as fully as if the same had been paid to his or her Landlord : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to alter, change, determine, or make void any existing Contracts, Covenants, or Agreements whatsoever between Landlord and Tenant or any other Persons touching the Payment of Taxes and Assessments, and that as between Landlords and Tenants, and Persons having limited Interests in the Lands hereby directed to be taxed and assessed, the Rates, Taxes, and Assessments which shall be levied and made for the Purposes of Drainage under the Authority of this Act shall be considered as made under the Authority of the said recited Act.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being acting in execution of the said recited Act and of this Act, and they are hereby required, within Two Years after the passing of this Act, to amend and repair with hard Materials the several Roads herein-after mentioned which were set out as private Roads by the Award of the said Commissioners for Inclosure within the said Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen; that is to say.

The Smeeth Road from Emneth Gate to Saint John's Gate; the Road from the said Smeeth Road to Walsoken Gate; the Road from the said Smeeth Road to Bettinson's Bridge over the Rans Drain; the Road from the said Smeeth Road to Walpole Gate; the Road from Walton Gate to the Forty Foot Drain Bridge; the Road from the Forty Foot Drain Bridge to Howlett's Bridge, and thence to Fuller's Bridge; the Road from the Gravel Bank near the Mills to Howlett's Bridge; the Black Horse Drove from Howlett's Bridge to the Crown Estate; the Road from Saint John's Gate to Tilney Gate; and the Road from Emneth Hungate to Moyse’s Bridge over the Sixteen Foot Drain; and also the Gravel Bank from Tilney Bridge to Lords Bridge:

And from and after the passing of this Act such Roads shall be deemed and taken to be public Highways, and shall be maintained and kept in repair by the Owners and Occupiers for the Time being of the Lands within the said Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, and in Broad Fen and Short Fen; and the said Commissioners for the

Time

183

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xviii.

Time being acting in execution of the said recited Act and of this Act shall be subject and liable to such legal Proceedings for not repairing such Roads as Inhabitants of Parishes are now by Law subject and liable to for the Nonrepair of public Highways.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being acting in execution of the said recited Act and this Act, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time to amend and repair, in such Order and Course and in such Manner as they shall think expedient, the several other Roads and Ways so set out as aforesaid in, upon, and over the said Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, or any of them; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to appoint One or more Surveyor or Surveyors of all the said several Roads aforesaid, whether public or private, and such other Officers, Agents, and Assistants, and with such Salary or Salaries as they shall think necessary, and to remove and displace every or any such Surveyor, Officer, Agent, or Assistant, and to appoint another or others in his Place; and every such Surveyor shall and may (subject to the Instructions of the said Commissioners) have, use, and exercise the same Powers and Authorities upon or in respect of the said several Roads, and demand, recover, and receive such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures from Offenders, as Surveyors of public Highways have or are authorized to use or exercise, demand, recover, and receive, upon or in respect of the public Highways in their respective Parishes.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, at their yearly General Meeting, or at any Special Meeting of which public Notice shall be given in manner provided by the said recited Act, to levy and raise such Rates and Assessments as they shall judge necessary or proper for the Purpose of amending, repairing, and maintaining the several Roads by this Act required or authorized to be amended, repaired, and maintained as aforesaid, and for widening and improving the same respectively, and for paying the Interest of any Principal Monies to be borrowed on the Security of the said Rates and Assessments, and for providing a Fund for the Payment of such Principal Monies as herein-after mentioned, which Rates and Assessments shall be applied by the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, and in or towards the Payment of such Principal Monies in manner herein-after directed.

XIV. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding anything contained in the said recited Act or this Act, or in the Award of the said Inclosure Commissioners, to the contrary, the Rates and Assessments so directed to be levied and raised as last aforesaid shall be made, levied, and assessed upon all the Lands in the said Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, and in Broad Fen and Short Fen, equally by the Acre throughout, and shall be paid by the Owners or Occupiers for the Time being of such Lands respectively.

XV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the several Allotments set out, allotted, and awarded by the said

Power to repair other Roads, and to appoint Surveyor.

Commissioners to levy Road Rates.

Road Rates to be assessed by Uie Acre.

Surveyors of other Highways not to

184

exercise Control in the Smecth and Fen, nor Surveyors in Smeeth and Fen elsewhere.

Power for Commissioners to raise Money by Mortgage.

12° VICTORIAE, Cap. x\iii.

said Commissioners for Inclosure for the Repair of Roads under or by virtue of the said recited Act, and thereby vested in the Surveyors for the Time being of the several Parishes therein mentioned, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the said Commissioners for the Time being under this Act, and that from and after the passing of this Act no Parish Surveyor, Surveyor of Highways, or other Officer (other than and except such Surveyors or Officers as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act) shall at any Time have, use, or exercise any Control or Interference over the Lands, Roads, and Ways in the said Marshland, Smeeth and Marshland Fen, and in Broad Fen and Short Fen, or any of them, and that the several Lands in the said Smeeth and Fen, and the said several Roads and Ways, and the several Lands in Broad Fen and Short Fen, or any of them, or any of the Owners or Occupiers thereof, shall not in respect thereof be charged or chargeable with or contributory to the Amendment, Repair, or Maintenance of any public or private Roads or Ways not being within the said Smeeth or Fen, or in Broad Fen and Short Fen, or with or to any Highway Rate or other Charge or Assessment for the Amendment, Repair, or Maintenance of any of such last-mentioned Roads or Ways; and no Surveyor or other Officer appointed by the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act shall at any Time, under or by virtue of such Appointment, have, use, or exercise any Control or Interference over any Highway or Road not being in the said Smeeth and Fen, or in Broad Fen and Short Fen, or either of them; and the several Lands not lying within the said Smeeth and Fen, and Broad Fen and Short Fen, or either of them, shall not, nor shall the Owners or Occupiers thereof or of any Part thereof, be charged or chargeable in respect of the same with or contributory to the Amendment, Repair, or Maintenance of any of the Roads or Ways within the said Smeeth and Fen, or in Broad Fen and Short Fen, or either of them, or with or to any Highway Rate or other Charge or Assessment for the Amendment, Repair, or Maintenance of any of such last-mentioned Roads or Way.

XVI. And, for aiding the several Purposes of this Act and the said recited Act, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered, at any of their Meetings, to borrow or take up any Principal Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds in the whole for the Purposes of the Drainage, and Three thousand five hundred Pounds in the whole for the Purposes of the Roads, at Interest upon any Mortgage or Mortgages of all or any of the Rates, Taxes, and Assessments hereby authorized to be levied and raised as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, as the said Commissioners assembled at any of their said Meetings shall from Time to Time think proper or see Occasion, and by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Five of the said Commissioners present at any of their said Meetings (the Chairman of the Meeting being One of them) to assign or charge the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, or any of them, or any Part thereof respectively, to or in fiivour of any Person or Persons who shall lend or advance any such Principal Sum or Sums, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment thereof, with Interest for the same at any Rate

not

12° VICTORIA, Cup.xviii. 185

not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that every such Security for the Repayment of any such Principal Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest, shall state the full Consideration for the same, and may contain such Stipulations and Provisions to be inserted therein as the said Commissioners may think proper and the Case may require, and may, subject to such Stipulations and Provisions being inserted therein (if any), be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

1 tuy E, the Commissioners for the Drainage and Improvement of Form of < ’ Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen in the Country of Mortgage.

‘ Marshland in the County of Norfolk, acting in execution of an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His ‘ late Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here set forth the

* Title of the recited Act], and of the Marshland Smeeth and Fen ‘ (Drainage Rate and Road District) Act, 184<9, do, by virtue of the ‘ Power and Authority given to us by the said last-mentioned Act,

‘ and in consideration of the Sum of to us

‘ paid by bargain, sell, and assign unto

‘ the said Successors and Assigns, or

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (as the Case may be,) all ‘ and singular the Rates, Taxes, and Assessments by the said last-‘ mentioned Act authorized to be demanded and received by or ‘ made payable to the said Commissioners [for the Purposes of

* Drainage], or [for the Repair of Roads] (as the Case may be), to

* hold the same unto the said Successors

‘ and Assigns, or Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (as the Case 1 may be,) until the said Sum of together

‘ with Interest for the same after the Rate of

‘ per Centum per Annum, to be computed from the Day of the Date ‘ hereof, shall be fully repaid and satisfied to him, her, or them (as the

* Case may be), such Interest to be paid by equal half-yearly Payments

* on the Day of and the

‘ Day of in every Year in the meantime. Given

‘ under our Hands and Seals, the Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every Securities Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Person and Persons, to to be assign-whom any such Security shall be so made as aforesaid, or who shall able-be entitled to the same, or to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, or any Part or Proportion thereof, and he, she, and they is and are hereby respectively empowered, from Time to Time, by any Deed under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, duly stamped, in which the Consideration for such Assignment or Transfer shall be stated, and which Deed may, if thought expedient, be endorsed on his, her, or their Security, to assign or transfer such Security, or any Share thereof or Interest therein, and all or any Part of the Monies due or to become due thereon, to any Body or Bodies, Person or Persons whomsoever; and every such Assignment or Transfer shall be produced or notified to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, who shall cause a Memorial thereof, specifying the Date thereof, and the Names, Additions, and Places of Abode of the several Parties thereto, and the Sum or Sums of Money therein (Local.] 3 A mentioned

186 12° VICTORIA, Cap.wm.

mentioned to be transferred, to be entered in the Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Securities, for the Entry of which said Memorial the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more, by the Person or Persons producing or notifying such Assignment or Transfer as aforesaid; and after Entry made of such Memorial as aforesaid, and not otherwise, every such Assignment or Transfer shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, both at Law and in Equity, and shall entitle the Assignee or Assignees therein named, and his, her, or their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit thereof, and of the original Security or Interest therein which shall have been thereby assigned or transferred; and every such Assignee shall and may in like Manner assign and transfer such respective Securities from Time to Time when and as often as he shall think fit.

Mortgagees to be Creditors in an equal Degree.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the several Bodies or Persons to whom such respective Securities as aforesaid shall be made or granted, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be Creditors upon the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments thereby respectively charged therewith, in an equal Degree one with another, according to the Amount of the respective Principal Sums of Money which shall be thereby respectively secured to them; and that any One or more of the said several Bodies or Persons, or his, her, or their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall not have any Preference over any other or others of them, or his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by reason of any Priority in the Date of such respective Securities or any of them, or in the Time of advancing the Monies for which the same shall have been respectively given.

The Trea-

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers for the surer or Col- Time being of the said Commissioners, or in case of his or their Commission- default or Neglect then any Collector or Collectors of the said Comers to pay missioners, shall, upon receiving Notice in that Behalf from any Mort-the Interest, gagee or Mortgagees for the Time being entitled to any Principal and to repay Monies under or by virtue of any Security to be so granted as afore-XuJ'mT sa'^>an<^ of which Default by such Treasurer or Treasurers the Notice

gages, on

to be given to any such Collector or Collectors shall be sufficient Notice. Evidence, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, with and out of the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments which shall be assessed, rated, or charged by virtue of or under this Act, and which shall be so mortgaged respectively, to pay and keep down the Interest of the said several Principal Monies which shall be secured thereon respectively as aforesaid, by equal half-yearly Payments, to the several Persons entitled thereto respectively, and also to repay the Principal Money due upon any Mortgage as aforesaid on the Day or respective Days and in the Manner expressed in such Mortgage, or in case no Day shall be appointed for that Purpose in such Mortgage, or in case the I ayment of the said Principal Money shall be postponed beyond the Day or Days which shall be so appointed therein by Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Principal Money, then upon Six Months previous Notice in Writing for the Payment of such Principal Money being given to or left at the Dwelling

187

12° VICTORIA, Cffjt).xviii.

ing House or Office for the Time being of the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Commissioners, by or on behalf of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to such Mortgage, or to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured.

XX. And be it enacted, That in case Default shall be made in the Payment of the Principal Money or Interest due and payable upon or by virtue of any Mortgage or Mortgages which shall be granted as aforesaid, on the Day or Days and in the Manner herein-before directed for the Payment thereof respectively, then and in any such Case the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments which shall have been made liable to and charged with the Payment thereof respectively shall thereupon vest in the Mortgagee or Mortgagees to whom such Mortgage or Mortgages shall have been respectively made as aforesaid, or his or their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, according to the respective Amounts of the several Principal Sums of Money secured to them respectively, until the Principal Money and Interest due to him and them respectively upon such Security or Securities shall be fully paid and satisfied to the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, together with the Costs and Charges which shall have been occasioned by the Nonpayment of the same Principal Monies and Interest; and such Mortgagee and Mortgagees respectively, and their respective Successors, or Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or any Person or Persons to be from Time to Time in Writing appointed for that Purpose by such Mortgagee, or by the Majority in Value of such Mortgagees, if more than One, shall and may from Time to Time, when and as the same Rates, Taxes, and Assessments shall be so vested in such Mortgagee or Mortgagees as aforesaid, have and exercise all such and the same Powers, Rights, Privileges, and Remedies for recovering, collecting, and receiving the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, or such of them, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively, as shall be so mortgaged or charged to them respectively as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Collector, would or might have had or exercised in case no such Default had been made.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Mortgagee or Mortgagees as aforesaid, nor any Person to be appointed by him, her, or them to collect and receive the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments as aforesaid, shall be answerable or accountable for more Money than he, she, or they shall actually receive for or on account of such Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, nor shall such Mortgagee or Mortgagees be answerable or accountable for any Neglect or Default of any Person or Persons to be appointed by him, her, or them to collect or receive the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments as aforesaid, so that such Neglect or Default be not wilfully occasioned by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees.

XXII. And be it enacted, That all such Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be raised, borrowed, or received by the said Commissioners upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners from Time to Time in the Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and

incident

In default of Payment of Principal and Interest the Rates to vest in the Mortgagees.

Mortgagees not to be answerable for more Monies than actually received by them, nor for Default of Collector.

Application of Monies borrowed.

188

Sinking Fund to be formed.

Trustees to be appointed by Commissioners, and Vacancies supplied.

Sinking Fund to be invested and applied.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xviii.

incident to the raising and borrowing of the same, and, subject thereto, in such and the same Manner as the several Rates, Taxes, and Assessments authorized to be levied and received by virtue of this Act, and on the Security whereof such Money shall be so borrowed, would or ought to have been applied and disposed of under the Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act in case no such Mortgage had been granted.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, with and out of the Rates and Taxes to be received by them under the Authority of this Act, and on the Security whereof any Principal Monies shall be due and owing, subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to the Rights and Remedies of any Mortgagee or Mortgagees for recovering Payment of his or their Principal Monies and Interest, yearly and every Year to appropriate and set apart a Sum equal to One Twentieth Part of the Principal Monies for the Time being due and owing on the Security of the same Rates and Taxes, in order that the same may be accumulated and form a Sinking Fund, and be applied for the Purpose of paying off such Principal Monies in manner herein-after directed.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, at some or One of their Meetings to be held under the Authority of the said recited Act or of this Act, and as soon as conveniently may be after any such Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, to elect and appoint Three fit and proper Persons to be Trustees on behalf of the said Commissioners of the Sums of Money so herein-before directed to be appropriated and set apart and accumulated as and by way of a Sinking Fund as aforesaid; and that from Time to Time when and so often as any of the said Trustees, or any succeeding Trustee or Trustees to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall die, or desire to be discharged from his Trust, or refuse, neglect, or become incapable or unfit to act as such Trustees, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in manner herein-before mentioned in respect to the original Appointment of Trustees, or as near thereto as may be, to elect and appoint some other fit and proper Person to act as a Trustee in the Place or Stead of every Trustee so dying, desiring to be discharged, or refusing, neglecting, or becoming incapable or unfit to act as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the said yearly Sums herein-before directed to be appropriated and set apart as aforesaid, and the Income thereof, shall, from Time to Time as and when the same shall be so set apart and appropriated or become payable, be invested in the Names or Name of the Trustees or Trustee for the Time being acting in execution of the Provisions of this Act, subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to the Rights and Remedies of any Mortgagee or Mortgagees as aforesaid, as and by way of a Sinking Fund in such Government Securities as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time at any of their Meetings direct, and be transferred or varied for or into other Securities of a like Nature, when and as often as the said Commissioners shall in like Manner direct; and the said Trustee or Trustees shall stand possessed of and interested in such Securities,

and

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xviii. 189

and the annual Income thereof, upon trust to accumulate the same by investing, from Time to Time as the same shall become due, the annual Income arising from such Securities in or upon other Securities of the like Nature, and shall (subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid), from Time to Time when and as the said Commissioners at any of their said Meetings shall so order and direct, and the Fund so to be accumulated shall be of sufficient Amount, apply the same Fund in or towards the Payment of all such Monies as shall for the Time being be due and owing on the Security of the Rates and Taxes from or out of which such Fund and Accumulations shall have respectively arisen or been derived, rateably in proportion to the Amount of the several Principal Monies due thereon, if more than One.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful Power for for such Trustees or Trustee for the Time being as aforesaid, at any Time or Times, by the Direction of the said Commissioners, in the Commis-Writing signed by the Chairman of any Meeting held by them under sioners, to the Authority of the said recited Act or of this Act, to apply the apply Sink-whole or a competent Part or Parts of the said accumulated or Sinking Fund in or towards the Payment or Discharge of the whole or any chargeofany Part of the Monies for the Time being owing on any One or more Mortgages, Mortgage or Mortgages of any Rates, Taxes, or Assessments as but not with‘ aforesaid, towards the Payment or Discharge of which such accumulated °J! or Sinking Fund is hereby made applicable, yet so nevertheless that gagees. no Mortgage or Mortgages to be either wholly or in part paid off or discharged as aforesaid, under this present Proviso, shall be so paid off" or discharged without the Consent in Writing as well of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees entitled to the same, as also of the other Mortgagee or Mortgagees (if any) for the Time being.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Trustees or Trustee for the Indemnity Time being of the aforesaid Sinking Fund and Investment shall be to Trustees chargeable only for so much Money as they or he shali respectively pu^nkms actually receive under or by virtue of this Act, or the Trusts or Powers aforesaid, notwithstanding their joining in Receipts for Conformity, and that they shall be respectively answerable for their own respective Acts, Receipts, Neglects, and Defaults only, and that they

or any of them shall not be answerable for any Misfortune, Loss, or Damage which may happen in the Execution of any of the aforesaid Trusts, or in relation thereto, unless the same shall happen by or through their or his wilful Neglect or Default respectively; and also that the said Trustees respectively shall and may, by and out of the Monies which shall come to their or his Hands under the Trusts and Powers aforesaid, retain to and reimburse themselves and himself respectively, and allow to their or his Co-Trustee or Co-Trustees, all such Costs, Damages, and Expenses as they or he shall respectively suffer, sustain, or be put unto on account or in consequence of the Trusts hereby in them and him reposed, or in the Execution thereof, or otherwise howsoever relating thereto.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Commissioners and they are hereby empowered to provide and raise ra'se Money from lime to Time, by Mortgage and in manner herein-before men- f?r tlle ®IS'

[Local] SB tioned, Chargeof

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xvHi.

tioned, any Sum or Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be required for paying off and discharging any Principal Money or Monies theretofore borrowed or taken up at Interest on the Security of any of the said Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, and which shall from Time to Time be called in by the Person or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or which the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think proper to pay off and discharge, or any Part thereof respectively, and which shall not be paid off under the Provisions in that Behalf herein-before contained, and to provide for the Payment of any Sums to be raised by Mortgage as last aforesaid, with Interest, in manner herein-before declared with reference to the Sums hereinbefore authorized to be borrowed, and the Interest thereof.

Receipts of

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Receipts of the Treasurer or the Trea- Treasurers for the Time being of the said Commissioners shall from toml Dis-6 Time to Time be good and effectual Releases, Acquittances, and charges. Discharges to all Bodies or Persons whomsoever for all such Sums of Money by this or the said recited Act directed or authorized to be paid to the said Commissioners, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers, or to be borrowed or taken up at Interest, or otherwise raised by the said Commissioners, for any of the Purposes of this or the said recited Act, as in such several Receipts shall be respectively acknowledged to be received; and after taking such Receipts respectively the respective Bodies or Persons paying the several Sums of Money therein respectively acknowledged to be received shall not be liable to see to the Application of the same respective Sums of Money or any Part thereof, nor be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof.

Commission-

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Commis-ers not to be sioners, or any of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators liable"^ anf s*,a^ not personally, nor shall the Lands, Tenements,

Mortgages. Goods, or Chattels of any of them, be liable to or chargeable with " ° the Repayment of any Principal Money or Monies to be secured by or upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or any Interest for the same, or any Costs or Charges relating thereto, or by reason of the Nonpayment thereof respectively, but the same shall respectively be charged upon the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments which shall be charged or mortgaged with the Payment thereof respectively as aforesaid.

Penalty and

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the said several Rates, Taxes, ltecove0/ Of and Assessments hereby authorized to be rated, taxed, assessed, and Rates[tncase charged by the said Commissioners as aforesaid shall be paid to such of Default Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, or other Officer of Payment, or Officers, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall from lime to lime order and direct; and the several Owners and Occupiers or other Persons making default in the Payment thereof on the Day or respective Days on which the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint for the Payment thereof shall be subject and liable to pay, m addition thereto, by way of Penalty, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four-pence in the Pound on the Amount of the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments respectively

190

Principal Monies called in.

191

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiii.

tively in the Payment whereof Default shall be so made as aforesaid; and in case any of the said Owners or Occupiers or other Persons shall make default in Payment of the said respective Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, or any Part thereof respectively, to such Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, or other Officer or Officers, by the Space of Thirty Days next after the Time or respective Times appointed by the said Commissioners for Payment thereof, the said respective Rates, Taxes, and Assessments in the Payment whereof Default shall be so made as aforesaid, together with the Penalty which shall be due in respect thereof, shall and may be recovered, levied, and raised by Distress and Sale in the Manner directed or authorized by the said recited Act as to the several Rates and Taxes thereby authorized to be assessed, rated, taxed, and charged, or any of them.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the several Clauses and Provi- Provisions as sions in the said recited Act contained with reference to the Book

or Books of Assessments and Accounts thereby directed to be made ^Accounts and kept in respect of the Rates and Taxes thereby authorized to be in the recited levied and raised, and with reference to the several Officers and Per- Act to be sons by the said recited Act authorized to be employed by the said "^l1’ll^"tble to Commissioners, and their Duties, and otherwise, shall be applicable, so 1 us 1 ' far as the Circumstances of each Case will permit, to the several Rates, Taxes, and Assessments to be levied, raised, and made respectively, and to the several Officers and Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners respectively under or from and after the passing of this Act, and that any pecuniary Penalty made payable under this Act may be recovered in the Manner in and by the said recited Act directed of and concerning any pecuniary Penalty thereby made payable, and shall be applied for the general Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act, as the said Commissioners shall think fit.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Accounts of not be authorized to make any Charge in respect of the Trouble Expenses of which they shall incur in the Execution of the Powers by this or the b^'id said recited Act conferred upon them; and that an Account containing before Gene-a true Statement of all Sums paid by such Commissioners, or Expenses ral Meetings, incurred by them, in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, together with the Vouchers relating to such Expenses, shall be laid

before the Commissioners at their General Meeting in every Year, and the said Commissioners shall carefully examine such Accounts and Vouchers, and shall and they are hereby empowered and directed to allow and pass such Accounts, or such Parts of the same as shall appear to them to be just and reasonable.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which the said Power for several Rates, Taxes, Assessments, and Penalties respectively, or any Commission-of them, shall be in arrear and unpaid by the Space of Six Calendar ,rs l? 'et Months together next after the Time or Times at which the same Paymernof6 shall have been respectively due or ought to have been paid, and no Rates in sufficient Distress can be found upon the Lands respectively charged arrear-with or made liable to the Payment of the same, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to let or cause to be let the said respective Lands for or in respect

102

Power for the Com-

letSHerba>re° any of their general, annual, or other Meetings to be holden under and Fishing, the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, to let by public Auction or private Contract, for the Term of One or more Year or Years, or for any other Time or Times, as well the Grass and Herbage growing, arising, or renewing upon the Foreland of the old Podike Bank, set out and allotted under the Authority of the said recited Act, and upon the Lands in the said Marshland Fen, set out and allotted for the Purpose of getting Materials for the future Repairs and Support of the said Bank, as also the Grass and Herbage growing, arising, and renewing upon the several Roads and Ways in and upon the said Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, and upon the several Parcels of Land set out and allotted for the Repair of the said Roads and Ways, and also upon the Banks (not being private Property) of the several Drains set out and made by or under the Direction of the said Commissioners, or placed under their Control or Authority by the said recited Act, and also the Fishery of and within the said several Drains or any of them, (but without Prejudice to the Drainage intended to be provided for by the said recited Act,) unto any Person or Persons, for such Time or Times, at such Rent or Rents, and subject to such Powers of Distress and other Powers and Remedies for recovering and obtaining Payment of such Rents respectively as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think proper to contract for and agree upon; and all such Rents shall be applied by the said Commissioners in the Manner herein-before directed concerning the Rates and Taxes by this Act authorized to be levied for the Purposes of the said Roads.

Power tor

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said the Commis- Commissioners and they are hereby authorized, either by public sdMLands Auction or Private Contract, at such Times, and either together or in such Parcels, and for such Prices, and in such Manner, and upon and subject to such Terms and Conditions of Sale, as to them shall seem proper and reasonable, to make Sale and absolutely dispose of all and every or any of the Allotments set out, allotted, and awarded by the said

12° VIC TORI j9E, Cap. xviii.

respect of which such Rates, Taxes, Assessments, or Penalties shall be so respectively in arrear and unpaid as aforesaid, or so much and such Part or Parts of the same Lands respectively as the said Commissioners shall judge sufficient and proper, to such Person or Persons, for such Number of Years not exceeding Seven Years, at such Rent or Rents, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as to them shall seem meet, and to apply the Rent or Rents from Time to Time arising therefrom in or towards Payment and Discharge of such Rates, Taxes, Assessments, and Penalties respectively, and of such Charges and Expenses as they the said Commissioners shall incur or be liable to in consequence of the Nonpayment thereof, or in or about the letting of the said Lands or any of them, or any Part thereof respectively, and to retain the Overplus of the said Rent or Rents (if any) from Time to Time without being liable for any Interest thereon, until the same shall be demanded by the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled thereto.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and emnowered. at

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xviii. 193

said Commissioners for Inclosure for the Repairs of the said Roads and Ways, or any of them respectively, and all other Lands, Allotments, Drains, Banks, Forelands, and other Property vested in the said Commissioners for the Time being acting under the Authority of this Act, which in their Judgment are not required for the several Purposes of this and the said recited Act; and the Receipts of any Three or more of the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or of their Treasurer or Treasurers, for the respective Purchase Monies arising by or from any such Sale or Disposal as aforesaid, or for any Part thereof, shall at all Times be sufficient and effectual Releases and Discharges to the several Purchasers of the said Premises respectively by whom such Monies shall be paid for so much Money as shall be thereby acknowledged to be received; and upon every such Sale, and Payment of the Purchase Money as aforesaid, there shall be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers, together with such Receipt, a Certificate in Writing under the Hands of Three or more of the said last-mentioned Commissioners, certifying the Sale of the Premises therein mentioned to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and the Amount of the Purchase Money for the same j and such Certificate shall be duly stamped for denoting the Payment of the full and proper ad valorem Stamp Duty payable on a Deed of Conveyance on the Sale of Property for the like Amount of Purchase Money, and thereupon the several Premises so certified to be sold as aforesaid shall thenceforth by the Authority of this Act become, be, and remain fully and absolutely vested in such Purchaser or Purchasers who shall be named in such Certificate, and his or their Heirs and Assigns, or in some Person or Persons to be named in such Certificate, and his or their Heirs and Assigns, in trust for the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Premises, and his or their Heirs and Assigns for ever; and all and singular the Monies to arise and be produced by any such Sale as aforesaid, after Payment of the Charges and Expenses attending such Sale, shall be applied by the said Commissioners in the Manner herein-before directed concerning the Rates and Taxes by this Act authorized to be levied for the Purposes of the said Roads.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before any Premises to such Sale or Disposition of any such Premises as last mentioned shall be first be made to any other Person the said Commissioners shall offer to ^nerVot'*16 sell and dispose of the same to the Owner or reputed Owner of any ti,e adjoining of the Lands thereto adjoining (the Owner or reputed Owner of the Lands, greatest Quantity of Land adjoining thereto having the Preference or Pre-emption), and the Price or Purchase Money for the same shall be adjusted and settled by and between the said Commissioners and such Owner or reputed Owner in such Manner as they and he shall mutually agree; and if no such Owner or reputed Owner shall agree to purchase the same in manner aforesaid within the Space of Fourteen Days from the Time at which such Offer shall be made to him by the said Commissioners (of which Fact any Writing under the Hands of any Three of the said Commissioners shall be sufficient Evidence), then and in every such Case the Premises so offered for Sale as aforesaid shall and may be sold and disposed of by the said Commissioners to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and in manner herein-before mentioned.

194 12° VICTORIA, Cap.wiii.

Penalty for

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if the Occupier or Occupiers not cleansing of any of the Lands lying within the said Marshland Smeeth, and Ditches or Marshland Fen, or in Well Moor, Broad Fen and Short Fen, to making Tun- whjc|j any Droveway Ditch, Outring Ditch, or Division Ditch doth or shall belong, or which shall be bounded by any Soak or Fence Ditch, made or to be made at the Back ^ of any of the Banks or Works belonging to the said Commissioners, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to rode, scour, cleanse, open, or repair such Ditch, or to make the same of a sufficient Depth, and of the Width of Eight Feet Three Inches at the Top and Three Feet Six Inches at least at the Bottom, or to make, keep, and repair a sufficient Tunnel for the Passage of Waters in or under any Gateway or Roadway, in, over, or across such Ditch, after Fourteen Days Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their usual or last Place of Abode, from Time to Time for that Purpose, by the Superintendent or any other Officer of the said Commissioners, or by any Person employed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, such Occupier or Occupiers respectively shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners as a Penalty the Sum of Two Shillings for every Rod so neglected to be roded, scoured, cleansed, opened, deepened, and widened as aforesaid, and the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Tunnel so neglected to be made, kept, or repaired as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful from Time to Time for such Superintendent or other Officer or Person employed as aforesaid to cause such Ditch, at the Expense and Charge of such Occupier or Occupiers respectively, to be roded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, and deepened in a sufficient Manner, and made of the Width aforesaid, and such Tunnel to be made or repaired as aforesaid, and by Warrant or Precept under the Hands of Three or more of the said Commissioners to levy such Penalty, and also all such Charges and Expenses as shall be paid or incurred by the said Commissioners or any of their Officers in or about the Premises, upon such Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and such Penalty and Charges, when so levied and recovered, shall be paid to and applied by the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, in such Manner as they shall at any of their Meetings order and direct.

Power for

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case the said Commission- Commissioners shall at any Time or Times be of opinion that it is Dimensions'6 unnccessar)’ i*1 the said Marshland Smeeth to make any Droveway in certain Ditches, Outring Ditches, or Division Ditches of the Dimensions Cases. herein-before specified, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Order as they may think fit, directing the same to be made of smaller Dimensions in the said Marshland Smeeth, but not elsewhere; and every such Order shall be conclusive and binding, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were Part of this Act.

Appeal.

XL. Provided further, and be it enacted .That if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by any Rate made or by anything done in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, anti for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person

may

195

12° VICTORIA, Cup.xviii.

may appeal to the Justices at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall arise, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given to the said Commissioners or their Clerk Notice in Writing of his Intention to bring such Appeal, together with a Statement in Writing of the Grounds of such Appeal, within Fourteen Days after Payment of such Rate shall have been demanded or Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at and abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions; and such Justices, upon hearing and finally determining the Matter of such Appeal, shall and may, accord-ding to their Discretion, award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper, and their Determination in or concerning the Premises shall be conclusive and binding on all Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that in case there shall not be Time to give such Notice and enter into such Recognizance as aforesaid before the next Sessions to be holden after Payment of any Rate shall have been demanded or the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, then and in every such Case such Appeal may be made to the next following Sessions, and shall be then heard and determined : Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the Appellant to be heard in support of such Appeal unless such Notice and Statement shall have been given as aforesaid, nor on the Hearing of such Appeal to go into Evidence of any other Grounds of Appeal than those set forth in such Statement as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it enacted, That in all Cases of Appeal against any Rate or Assessment made in pursuance of this Act the several Provisions and Enactments contained in a certain Act made and passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Collection of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, shall be applicable thereto, so far as the Circumstances will admit thereof, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act with respect to such Appeal.

XLII. And be it enacted, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expenses whatsoever preparatory or incidental to or concerning this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the said Commissioners, in preference to every other Payment whatsoever, by and out of the first Rates, Taxes, or other Monies which shall come into their Hands or be at their Disposal under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, or either of them.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, or in Pleadings, legal Instruments, or other Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Marshland Smeeth and Fen (Drainage Rate and Road District) Act, 1849."

XLIV. And be it enacted, That nothing contained in this Act, or in the Act herein recited or referred to, shall extend or be deemed

Provision of 41 G. 3. c. 23. applicable to this Act.

Expenses of Act.

[Short Title.]

Saving the Rights of the Crown.

196

Public

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xviii.

or construed to extend to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Privileges, Powers, Prerogatives, or Authorities vested in or enjoyed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors.

Act.

XLV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be and shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 184-9.

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. xix.

An Act for enabling the North-western Railway Company to make an Extension of the Lancaster Branch of their Railway, and a new Road to Settle Station, and to abandon the William Lands Branch; and for other Purposes.

[24th May 1849.]

9 & 10 Vict, c. 92.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for making a Railway from the Leedsand Bradford Extension Railway to the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway, with a diverging Line therefrom to Lancaster, to he called " The North-western Railway," whereby a Company was incorporated called " The North-western Railway Company And whereas another Act was passed in the same Session, intituled An Act for making « 9 & iov-ct. Harbour and Docks at Heysham on Morecambe Bay in the County c. 18+. of Lancaster, and a Railway in connexion therewith, whereby a Company was incorporated called " The Morecambe Harbour and Railway " Company And whereas under or by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of the said last-recited Act the Undertaking of the said Morecambe Harbour and Railway Company has become vested in the [Local.] 3 D said

198

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

said North-western Railway Company: And whereas another Act was ll & 12 Vict, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling c. 22. the North-western Railway Company to make certain Alterations and Diversions in the Main Line of their Railway at Skipton, Caslerton, and Sedbergh, and in the Lancaster Branch of their Radway at Bulk: And whereas it is expedient that the said North-western Railway Company should be authorized to make the Extension of the Lancaster Branch of their Railway, and the new Road to the Settle Station of the said Railway, herein-after mentioned, and to abandon so much of the Branch Railway called " The William Lands Branch" as will become useless in consequence of the Construction of the said Extension Line : And whereas it is also expedient that the Time granted by the recited Acts for the compulsory Purchase of Lands and Houses, and for the Completion of the Works, should be extended, and that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts should be amended and enlarged; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Extending and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions contained Provisions of;n yle sajfj recited Acts, so far as the same are or may be applicable to'his Act*8 anc* now 'n force> an(] except such of them as are by this Act repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for, shall extend to this Act, and to the several Purposes thereof, and to the several Matters and Things hereby authorized to be done, as fully and effectually as if the said Provisions were re-enacted in this Act in reference to such Purposes, Matters, and Things, and the said recited Acts and this Act shall be construed and read together as forming One Act.

Power to make Railway and Road according to deposited Plans.

II. And whereas Plans and Sections of the proposed Extension and of the proposed new Road, together with a Book of Reference to the said Plans containing the Names of the reputed Owners and Lessees and of the Occupiers of the Lands which may be required to be taken for the Purposes thereof, have been deposited with the respective Clerks of the Peace for the County of Lancaster and the West Riding of the County of York : Be it enacted, That, subject to the Powers of Deviation contained in the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and to the Provisions herein-after contained, it shall be lawful for the Company to make and maintain the said Extension of the Lancaster Branch of the said Railway and the said new Road, with proper Works and Conveniences connected therewith, respectively in the Lines and upon the Lands delineated on the said Plans and referred to in the said Books of Reference so deposited as aforesaid, and according to the Levels defined on the said Sections, and to enter upon, takefand use such of the said Lands as may be required for such Purposes.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Extension Line of Railway shall commence at or near the Lancaster Station of the said Northwestern Railway in the Township of Lancaster in the Parish of Lancaster, and shall terminate at or near the Castle Station of and on the East Side of the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway in the Township of Lancaster aforesaid, all in the said County of Lancaster.

199

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Company shall and they are Power to hereby required to abandon the Formation of so much of the Branch pbJ‘"io°not-Line of Railway commencing from the Main Line of the Alorecambe L;ne of Rail-Harbour Railway at or near Poulton-le-Sands, and terminating by a way. Junction with the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway at or near William

Lands in the Township of Slyne-with- Hest, as authorized to be constructed by the said Morecmnbe Harbour and Railway Act, 1846, as will become useless and unnecessary in consequence of the Construction of the Extension Line of Railway herein-before mentioned.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any Case where Compensa-before the passing of this Act any Contract hath been entered into ^"jg°w|®re or Notice given by the Company for purchasing any Lands which Contract5 the Company were by the said " Morecambe Harbour and Railway have been

" Act, 1846," empowered to purchase, for the Purpose of constructing entered into the Portion of the said Railway so authorized to be abandoned as Notice* aforesaid, the Company shall make to the Owners or Occupiers ofB''cn’ and other Parties interested in such Lands full Compensation for all Injury or Damage sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, and other Parties, by reason of such Purchase not being completed pursuant to such Contract or Notice; and the Amount and Application of such Compensation shall be determined in the Manner provided by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for determining the Amount and Application of the Compensation to be paid for Lands taken under the Provisions thereof: Provided also, that the Authority hereby given for abandoning the Formation of the aforesaid Portion of the said Railway shall not prejudice or affect the Right of the Owner or Occupier of any Lands which the Company were so empowered to purchase as aforesaid to receive from the Company Compensation for any Damage that may have been occasioned by the Entry of the Company upon such Lands for the Purpose of surveying and taking Levels, and of probing or boring to ascertain the Nature of the Soil, or of setting out the Line of the Railway, pursuant to the Provisions for that Purpose in the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, contained.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Road shall commence at or Line of near Beggarwaith Bridge otherwise Beggarwifc Bridge in the Parish Road-of Giggleswick in the West Riding of the County of York at or near

to the Point of Junction of a certain Road or Highway there which leads from or towards Paley Green in the Parish of Giggleswick aforesaid with a certain other Road or Highway in the said Parish of Giggleswick which leads from the Village of Rathmel in the said last-mentioned Parish to or towards the Village of Giggleswick in the said Parish of Giggleswick, and shall terminate at or in the Town of Settle in the Parish of Giggleswick aforesaid at or near to the Point of Junction of a certain Yard there called Clarkson’s Yard with the Main Street called Duke Street otherwise Duck Street in the Town of Settle aforesaid, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company Lands for to purchase any Quantity of Land for extraordinary Purposes, not ex!ra‘

exceeding rur'JolL.

200

Limiting Period for Purchase of Lands.

Period for Completion of Works.

Time for Completion of Extension Line to the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway.

As to Communication with the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway.

12° VICTORIA?, Cap.*ix.

exceeding Ten Acres, in addition to the Lands which the Company are authorized by the said recited Acts to take for such Purposes.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Powers of the Company for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of this Act shall not be exercised after the Expiration of three Years from the passing of this Act.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Railway, Road, and Works hereby authorized shall be completed within live Years from the pass jig of this Act, and on the Expiration of such Period the Powers by this or the said former Acts granted to the Company for executing the same shall cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the same as shall then be completed.

X. And be it enacted, That the said Company shall and they are hereby required to construct, complete, and open for public Traffic the whole of the said Extension Line of Railway (together with all necessary Works and Conveniences to be connected therewith) on or before the Sixteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and shall and they are hereby required for ever after that Date to maintain and keep the same in perfect Order and Repair; and that such Extension Line of Railway (as regards Construction and Character of the Railway and Works) shall be and shall from Time to Time be maintained, altered, and continued (as the Case may be) at least equal in all respects from Time to Time to the other Portion of Railway between Lancaster and Skipton authorized by the said recited Acts, or One of them; and it shall not be lawful for the said North-western Railway Company, or the Directors thereof, to make or declare, or pay to any Proprietor of any Share in the North-western Railway, any Dividend or Interest (or any Money in lieu of or in the Nature of Dividend or Interest) after the Sixteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, unless and until the said Extension Line of Railway by this Act authorized shall have been constructed, completed, and opened in the Manner hereinbefore directed.

XI. And be it enacted, That all Communications between the said Extension Line of Railway and the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway shall be effected in a substantial and workmanlike Manner, by means of Connexion Rails, Switches, and Points, of the Construction and shall be laid and maintained in the Manner most approved from Time to Time, and to the entire Satisfaction of the Engineer for the Time being of the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Company; and all the Switches or Points for effecting such Junction as aforesaid shall be laid down arid maintained so as to join the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway on the existing Level thereof, and within Sixty Feet of the Spot marked B. upon the said iJan as denoting the said Junction between the said Railways, and not on any other Level or at any greater Distance from that Spot, without "the Consent of the said Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Company, under their Common Seal.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix. 201

XII. And be it enacted, That the said Company shall and they are Company to hereby required from Time to Time to provide, appoint, and pay provide pro-proper Persons to watch and superintend, by Day and by Night, the Peern

said Communications between the said Extension Line and the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway, so as always to keep the Points of Communication in the right Direction, and otherwise to prevent any Injury or Inconvenience therefrom to the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Company, or any Impediment to the Traffic upon or along the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Companynot North-western Railway Company (except with the Consent of the |°t^'tp^ere Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Company under their Common Seal) |iertyof"

to take for the Purposes of this or of the said recited Acts, or of any Lancaster of them, any of the Land or Property of the said Lancaster and and Carlisle Carlisle Railway Company, or which they may under any Act of 1ji,luay Parliament have the Right to purchase, nor shall it be lawful for the ^bout^ said North-western Railway Company or any Person (except with Consent, such Consent as aforesaid) in any Manner to enter upon or use any such Land, or to alter, vary, or interfere, for the Purposes of this Act or of the said recited Acts, or any of them, with the said Lancaster and Carlisle Railway, or any of the Works appertaining thereto, save only for the Purpose of effecting the Junctions hereby authorized in the Manner aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in the said Saving recited Acts, or any of them, contained, shall prejudice, diminish, or

take away any of the Rights, Privileges, Powers, Franchises, or a,j Carlisle Authorities of or vested in or belonging to the said Lancaster and Itailway Carlisle Railway Company under or by virtue of any Act of Par- Company, liament, but all their Rights, Powers, Franchises, and Authorities under their several Acts of Parliament are hereby expressly saved and reserved.

XV. And whereas the said proposed Railway will pass through As to Appli-Part of the Glebe Lands in the Township of Lancaster belonging to nation of the Vicarage of Lancaster, whereof George Marton of Capernwray jx^ne^aml Hall, Esquire, is now Patron, and the Reverend Joseph Turner Master Compeii-" of Arts is Vicar, and it is expedient to provide for the Application of sation in the Purchase Money and Compensation to be paid in respect of the respect of the said Lands: Be it therefore enacted, That in the Conveyance by the said Vicar or his Successors to' the said Company of any Lands the Vicarage belonging to the said Vicarage of Lancaster, or any Interest therein, of Lancaster. the Purchase and Compensation Money which shall be payable in respect of the same may be lawfully paid to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the said Vicar or his Successors, with the Consent of the Ordinary and Patron for the 'Lime being, such Nomination and Consent to be signed in Writing under the Hands of the said Vicar and Ordinary and Patron, and it is hereby declared that the said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, shall, at the Request of the said Vicar or his Successors, with such Consents as aforesaid, pay and apply any Part, not exceeding One Half, of the said Purchase or Compensation Money, in \Local.~\ 3 E erecting

202

Time limited by recited Acts for compulsory Purchase of Lands extended.

Time for Completion of Works extended.

Parties aggrieved by Extension of Time being granted may have Compensation for additional Damage.

Existing Contracts and Notices to take Lands not to be affected.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

erecting and completing the new Vicarage or Parsonage House at

Lancaster aforesaid, now in progress of Erection, with the requisite Buildings and Approaches thereto, and, at such Request and with such Consents as aforesaid, pay and apply the remaining one Half of the said Money, and the Surplus of the said other Half (if any), after such Application as aforesaid, in the Purchase of any freehold Land of Inheritance in Fee Simple, upon the Conveyance thereof to the said Vicar of Lancaster and his Successors, to the like Uses as the Lands for which such Money shall have been paid by the said Company as aforesaid are now subject to: Provided always, that the said I rustees, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of the Survivor, may and they are hereby required, until such Application of such Purchase Money and Compensation as aforesaid, to lay out and invest, in their or Ins Names or Name, in the Government Stocks or Public Funds of Great Britain, or in Government or Real Securities, all or any Part of the said Purchase Money or Compensation, and, until such Application as aforesaid, to pay and apply the Interest, Dividends, and annual Produce of the said Trust Atonies to the Use of the Sums to the Vicar of Lancaster and his Successors.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the respective Periods limited by the said recited Acts for the Purchase or taking of Lands for the Purposes of the Railways and Works thereby respectively authorized shall, as regards the Lands mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, he and the same are hereby accordingly extended for a Period of Three Years from the passing of this Act.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the respective Periods limited by the said recited Acts for the Completion of the Railways and Works thereby authorized shall be and the same are hereby accordingly extended for a Period of Five Years from the passing of this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Justices, Arbitrators, Umpires, or Juries respectively, as the Case may be, who, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, shall award or assess the Compensation to be made by the Company to the Owners or Occupiers of or other Persons interested in any of the Lands mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, which shall be taken or used for the Purposes of the Railways or Works by the said recited Acts authorized, or which may be injuriously affected by the Construction thereof, shall in estimating the Amount of such Compensation have regard to and make Compensation for the additional Damage (if any) sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, or other Persons by reason of the Extension hereby authorized of the respective Periods aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Extension hereby authorized of the respective Periods aforesaid shall not in anywise prejudice or affect any Contract entered into or Notice given by the said Company betbre the passing of this Act for purchasing, taking, or using any Lands which under the said recited Acts such Company is entitled to purchase, take, or use, but every such Contract and Notice respectively shall be construed and shall take effect, and the same Proceedings shall be had thereunder, and all Parties thereto

203

12° VICTORIA, Cap.*ix.

shall be entitled to the same Rights and Remedies in respect thereof, both at Law and in Equity, as if such Extension of the said respective Periods had not been authorized as aforesaid.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to enter into such Contracts and Agreements with the Leeds and Bradford, the Midland, and the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Companies, or any or either of them, as shall be mutually deemed expedient for or in respect of the Working, Use, and Occupation of their respective Railways, and the several Stations and Conveniences connected therewith, and for and in respect of the Appropriation of any Part of any of such Stations to the exclusive or particular Use of any of the said Companies respectively, and for or in respect of the Interchange of Traffic upon the Railways belonging to the said Companies or any of them, and generally for and in respect of all such Matters and Things as may be necessary or desirable for the mutual Convenience and Accommodation of the said Companies respectively.

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company, out of any Money by any existing Act relating to the said Railway Company authorized to be raised for the Purposes of such Act, to pay or deposit any Sum of Money which by any Standing Order of either House of Parliament, now in force or hereafter to be in force, may be required to be deposited in respect of any Application to Parliament for the Purpose of obtaining an Act authorizing the said Company to construct any other Railway or execute any other Work or Undertaking.

XXII. And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Ileign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by Railways; and another Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act

for regulating Railways; and another Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance of Troops; and another Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament, and for other Purposes in relation to Railways; and another Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways; and another Act was passed in the same Session, intituled An Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways: Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be held to exempt the said Railway and Works or the said Company from the Provisions of the said several Acts respectively, but that such Provisions shall be in force in respect to the said Railway and Works and Company, so far as the same are applicable.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Railway by this or the said recited

Power to enter into Agreements with the Leeds and Bradford Railway Company, &c. for Use of Stations.

Deposits for future Bills not to be paid out of the Company’s Capital.

Railway Company to be subject to Provisions of 1 & 2 Vict, c. 98.,

3 8c 4 Vict, c. 97.,

5 & 6 Vict, c. 55.,

7 &■ 8 Vict, c. 85., and 9 & 10 Vict. cc. 57.8c 105.

Railway to be subject to Provisions of

204

any future general Acts.

Expenses of Act.

[Short Title.]

Saving Rights of the Crown.

[Public Act.]

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

recited Acts authorized to be made, or the Company, from the Provisions of any general Act relating to such Acts, or of any general Act relating to Railways, or to the better and more impartial Audit of the Accounts of Railway Companies, now in force or which may hereafter pass during this or any future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision or Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Rates of Fares and Charges authorized by the said recited Acts or this Act.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and attending the passing of this Act or incidental thereto shall be paid by the said Company out of the first Monies that shall come to their Hands, and in preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

XXV. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments and other Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to refer to and describe it by the Title of " The Northwestern Railway (Extension of Lancaster Branch, &c.) Act, 1849."

XXVI. And be it enacted, That nothing contained in this Act or in the Acts herein recited or referred to shall extend to authorize the Company to purchase, take, or use any Land or Soil, or any Rights in respect thereof, belonging to Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or any Two of them, first had and obtained for that Purpose, and which such Commissioners, or any Two of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to give, or to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities vested in or enjoyed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

SC HE-

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix

205

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers;

SPECIFYING

THE LANDS FOR THE PURCHASE OF WHICH AN EXTENSION OF TIME IS GRANTED.

PART I.

No. on Plan* and Book of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway Act, 1846 Present Description, Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

Parish of Benthar n.

l Half the River Greeta.and Stream dividing the Parishes of Thornton and Bentham. John Taylor, John Petty, and Mary Preston, Trustees of the late Robert Preston, Hornby Roughsedge, Hugh Hornby and Joseph Hornby, Lords of the Manor.

2 Uninclosed Waste Lands. Hornby Roughsedge, Hugh Hornby, and Joseph Hornby, Lords of the Manor, and the Inhabitants of Ingleton.

3 Field Reverend William Oddie. " Thomas Metcalf.

4 Garden Reverend William Oddie. - William Foster.

5 River Greets John Preston and Reverend William Oddie. Thomas Metcalf, William Foster, John Preston, John Thompson, Nancy Harrison, and Joseph Walmsley.

6 Cottage John Preston - James Seward.

7 Cottage John Preston - Richard Howarth.

8 Tannery Yard, Grinding Mill, and Outhouses. John Preston John Preston.

9 Garden John Preston - John Preston.

10 Garden John Taylor, John Petty, and Mary Preston, Trustees of the late Robert Preston. John Thompson.

S F

206

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Book of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway Act, 1846." Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee.

10n Garden John Taylor, John Petty, and Mary Preston, Trustees of the late Robert Preston.

11 Cottage, Outhouse, Garden, and Piggery. William Green

12 Occupation Road and public Footway. William Green, John Preston, John Taylor, John Petty, and Mary Preston, Trustees of the late Robert Preston, William Green, as Trustees of the late Jane Sharp and John Thomas Coates.

13 Cottage and Garden William Green as Trustee of the late Jane Sharp.

14 Cottage and Garden William Green -

15 Cottage, Garden, and Bakehouse. William Green -

16 Cottage and Garden William Green

17 Cottage and Garden William Green -

18 Cottage William Green -

19 Garden and Privy - William Green

20 Cottage John Taylor, John Petty, and Mary Preston, Trustees of the late Robert Preston.

21 Cottage John Taylor, John Petty, and Mary Preston, Trustees of the late Robert Preston.

22 Cottage, Garden, and Privy. John Taylor, John Petty, and Mary Preston, Trustees of the late Robert Preston.

23 House, Garden, Barn,Stable,Yard, Mill, Carthouse, Shippon, and Outbuilding. John Taylor, John Petty, and Mary Preston, Trustees of the late Robert Preston.

24 Field John Taylor, John Petty, and Mary Preston, Trustees of the late Robert Preston.

25 Garden and Privies William Green -

Present Occupier.

North-western Railway Company.

William Green the younger.

William Green, John Preston, Edward Tomlinson, William Atkinson, William Green the younger, John Middlebrough, Richard Howarth, William Peel, Thomas Crossfield, Richard Atkinson, John Thompson, Nancy Harrison, Joseph Walmsley, and George Barnes.

Edward Tomlinson.

William Tomlinson. William Green.

George Barnes. Joseph Walmsley. Joseph Walmsley. William Green. John Thompson.

John Middlebrough.

Nancy Harrison.

John Preston.

John Preston.

Richard Atkinsom

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix. 207

No. on Plan* and Book of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway Act, 1846." Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

26 Uninclosed Waste Land and public Footpath. Hornby Roughsedge, Hugh Hornby, and Joseph Hornby, Lords of the Manor, and the Inhabitants of Ingleton.

27 Public Highway - Surveyor of the Highways for the Township of Ingleton.

28 Cottage and Garden William Greenwood - ... John Walton.

29 Barn, Shippon, and Stable. William Greenwood - Thomas Metcalfe. Thomas Metcalfe.

30 Two Houses, Yard, Garden, Coachhouse, Stable, and Barn. William Greenwood - William Greenwood.

31 Garden William Greenwood - . E'len Greenwood.

32 Orchard and Pig- William Greenwood - - William Greenwood.

33 gery. Barn, Shippon, and Yard. William Greenwood - - William Coulthard and Joseph Roscoe Allen.

34. Cottage and Privy - William Greenwood - . John Ellershaw.

3.5 Cottage and Garden William Greenwood - . James Tomlinson.

36 Two Cottages, Yard, Stable,and Garden. William Greenwood - . John Adamson and John Preston.

37 Cottage, Barn, and Shippon. William Greenwood - * Joseph Dawson.

38 Field and Footpath - William Greenwood - - William Greenwood.

39 Field William Greenwood - . Christopher Parkin.

40 & 41 Store Yard 7 William Greenwood and North western Railway Company. ’arish of Thornton in L onsdale. William Coulthard and Joseph Roscoe Allen.

1 Half the Stream dividing the Parishes of Thornton in Lonsdale and Tunstall. John Yates Thexton, Richard Marshall, and George Marton. John Nutter - Jane Langstreth and John Nutter.

2 Field John Yates Thexton, Richard Marshall, and George Marton. Jane Langstreth.

3 Field George Marton John Nutter - John Nutter.

4 Field George Marton John Nutter - John Nutter.

5 Field and public Footpath. George Marton John Nutter - John Nutter.

6 Occupation Road - George Marton John Nutter - John Nutter and Richard Wilcock.

7 Field and Stream - George Marton John Nutter - John Nutter.

8 Sheep-pen - George Marton John Nutter - John Nutter.

9 Field and Stream - George Marton Willi am Procter William Procter.

10 Field, Stream, and public Footpath. George Marton William Procter William Procter.

11 Field and public Footpath. George Marton William Procter William Procter.

12 Farmhouse, Yard, Gardens, Ship-pons, Stables, and Outbuildings. George Marton William Procter William Procter.

208 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xlx.

and Book Present Owner Present Lessee

of Reference Present Description. reputed Owner. or Present Occupier.

" North-western reputed Lessee.

1816."

13 Field, Plantation, George Marton William Procter William Procter.

Occupation Hoad, and public Foot-

path. William Procter.

14. " Ireby Beck" and Plantation. George Marton William Procter

15 Orchard George Marton William Procter William Procter.

16 Field George Marton William Procter William Procter.

17 Field George Marton William Procter William Procter.

18 Field George Marton William Procter William Procter.

19 Public Highway Surveyor of Highways -

from Ireby to Bur- for the Township of

ton in Lonsdale. Ireby.

20 Field, Stream, and John Yates Thexton . Jane Langstreth.

public Footpath. and Richard Marshall.

21 Field John Yates Thexton - Jane Langstreth.

and Richard Marshall.

22 Field John Yates Thexton - Jane Langstreth.

and Richard Marshall.

23 Field and public Richard Thornton - - Ann Carr.

Footpath.

24. Field John Yates Thexton - Jane Langstreth.

and Richard Marshall.

25 Field William Mattocks . William Mattocks ju-

nior.

26 Occupation Road - Giles Redmayne, Wil- - William Maudsley,

liam Mattocks, John Jane Langstreth, and

Yates Thexton, and Richard Marshall. William Mattocks.

27 Field, Stream, and Giles Redmayne - William Maudsley.

public Footpath.

28 Field William Mattocks - William Mattocks ju-

nior.

29 Field and Stream - William Mattocks - William Mattocks ju-

nior.

30 Field and public William Mattocks - William Mattocks junior.

Footpath.

31 Field John Yates Thexton - Jane Langstreth.

and Richard Marshall.

32 Field George Marton William Daw- William Dawson.

Field and Stream - son.

33 William Mattocks - William Mattocks ju-

34 Field and public William Mattocks William Mattocks ju-

35 Footpath. Field John Town and Paul Thomas Little-

Thomas Littlefair.

,36 Field Barker, Trustees of the late Thomas Ta-tham and Thomas Whittingdale. fair.

John Town and Paul Thomas Little- Thomas Littlefair.

Barker, Trustees of the late Thomas Ta-tham and Thomas Whittingdale. fair.

12° VICTORIAE, Cap. xix

209

No. on Plans and Book of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway Act, 1846." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

37 Field and public Footpath. William Mattocks * William Mattocks junior.

38 Field William Mattocks " William Mattocks junior.

?9 Field, Stream, and Footpath. William Mattocks * William Mattocks junior.

40 Farmhouse, Yard, Barn, Garden, Stable, Shippon,Sheds, and Outbuildings. William Mattocks William Mattocks junior.

41 Garden William Mattocks " William Mattocks junior.

42 Field, Stream, and Footpath. William Mattocks ’ William Mattocks junior.

43 Field William Mattocks ... William Mattocks junior.

44 Field and Stream - William Rumney James Robinson James Robinson.

45 Field and Footpath William Rumney James Robinson James Robinson.

46 Field William Rumney Ja nes Robinson James Robinson.

47 Field William Mattocks - William Mattocks junior.

43 Occupation Koad and public Footpath. William Mattocks William Mattocks junior.

49 Cottage and Yard - William Mattocks . In hand.

50 Barn and Shippon William Mattocks William Mattocks junior.

51 Garden William Mattocks - In hand.

52 Field and public Footpath. John Romney - William Mattocks junior.

53 Field and public Footpath. John Romney • William Mattocks junior.

54 Field John Romney * Thomas Pooley.

55 Public Highway - Surveyor of Highways for the Township of Thornton-in-Lons-dale.

56 Field and public Footpath. John Romney - Thomas Pooley.

57 Field John Romney - Thomas Pooley.

58 Field and public Footpath. John Romney Thomas Pooley.

59 Field and public Footpath. George Marton William Shut-tleworth. William Shuttleworth.

60 Field and Barn John Marr Bernard Stephenson. Bernard Stephenson.

61 Field and public Footpath. John Marr Bernard Stephenson. Bernard Stephenson.

62 Field John Marr John Ridding John Ridding.

63 Field and Footpath John Marr John Ridding John Ridding.

64 Field John Marr John Ridding John Ridding.

65 Field, Occupation Road, and Footpath. John Marr John Ridding John Ridding.

66 Field John Marr John Ridding John Ridding.

67 Plantation John Marr John Ridding John Ridding.

68 \Loca Field, Occupation Road, and public Footpath. John Marr 3 0 John Ridding John Ridding.

210 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Book of Reference referred to in the • North-western Railway Act, 1846." Present Description. Present Owner, or reputed Owner. Present Lessee or reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

69 Plantation John Marr John Ridding John Ridding.

70 Garden John Marr John Ridding John Ridding.

71 Farmhouse, Garden, Barn, Stable, and Outbuild- John Marr John Ridding John Ridding.

72 ings. House and Garden John Marr - Unoccupied.

73 Field Thomas Redmayne, surviving Devisee in Trust under the Will of the late Mr. Edward Burrow. Martin Hay.

74 Public Highway - Surveyor of Highways for the Township of Thornton-in-Lons-dale.

75 Field Thomas Redmayne, surviving Devisee in Trust under the Will of the late Mr. Edward Burrow. Martin Hay.

76 Field and Occupation Road. John Marr John Ridding George Atkinson.

76a Field John Marr John Ridding John Ridding.

77 Field Thomas Redmayne, surviving Devisee in Trust under the Will of the late Mr. Edward Burrow. Martin Hay.

78 Cottage and Garden John Town - In hand.

79 Nursery Ground - John Town - In hand.

80 Barn, Stable, Ship-pon, Garden, and Outbuildings. John Town In hand.

81 Garden and Gar-denhouse. Mary Balderson - John Windle.

82 Stream John Town and Thomas Redmayne, surviving Devisee in Trust under the Will of the late Mr. Edward Burrow. John Town and Robert Burrow.

83 F'ield Mary Balderson - Robert Burrow.

84 Field Thomas Redmayne, surviving Devisee in Trust under the Will of the late Mr. Edward Burrow. Robert Burrow.

85 Occupation Thomas Redmayne, surviving Devisee in Trust under the Will of the late Mr. Edward Burrow and John Towers. Robert Burrow and John Towers.

86 Barn and Yard Thomas Redmayne, surviving Devisee in Trust under the Will of the late Mr. Edward Burrow. Robert Burrow.

12° VICTORIAE, Cap. xix. 211

No. on Plans and Book of Reference referred to in the North-western Railway Act, 1846." Present Desciipiio . Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

87 Plantation Thomas Redmayne, surviving Devisee in Trust under the Will of the late Mr. Edward Burrow. - Robert Burrow.

88 Field and Footpath John Towers - - In hand.

89 Field Thomas Redmayne, surviving Devisee iu Trust under the Will of the late Mr. Edward Burrow. Robert Burrow

90 Paddock Thomas Redmayne, surviving Devisee in Trust under the Will of the late Mr. Edward Burrow. Robert Burrow.

91 Field Thomas Redmayne, surviving Devisee in Trust under the Will of the late Mr. Edward Burrow. Robert Burrow.

92 Field Robert Kidd John Wrathall John Wrathall.

93 Field Robert Kidd John Wrathall John Wrathall.

94 Field Thomas Redmayne, surviving Devisee in Trust under the Will of the late Mr. Edward Burrow. Robert Burrow.

9.5 Field Thomas Redmayne, surviving Devisee in Trust under the Will of the late Mr. Edward Burrow. Robert Burrow.

96 Field John Holgate John Roberts John Roberts.

97 Field John Holgate John Roberts John Roberts.

98 Field John Holgate John Roberts John Roberts.

99 Public Highway - Surveyor of Highways for the Township of Thornton in-Lonsdale.

100 Field John Holgate John Roberts John Roberts.

101 F’ield and Footpath John Holgate John Roberts John Roberts.

102 Field and Footpath John Holgate John Roberts John Roberts.

103 Field and public Footpath. John Holgate John Roberts John Roberts.

104 Field and Stream John Holgate John Roberts John Roberts.

10.5 Field John Holgate John Roberts John Roberts.

106 Field and Stream John Holgate John Roberts John Roberts.

107 Field, Stream, and Occupation Road. Jonn Holgate John Roberts John Roberts.

108 Field, Stream, and Occupation Road. John Holgate John Roberts John Roberts.

109 Field John Holgate John Roberts John Roberts.

110 Field George Marton James Wrathall James Wrathall.

111 Field George Marton James Wrathall James Wrathall.

112 Turnpike Road from Settle to Wall Head Gate. Trustees of the Turnpike Road from Settle to Wall Head Gate.

212

12° VICTORIA, Cap. x\x.

No. on Plans and Book of Reference referred to in the " North-we9tern Railway Act, 1846" Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee.

113 Field and Stream - Edward HarlandThis-tlethwaite and Betty Miller.

114- Field and Stream - George Marton James Wrathall

115 Field George Marton

116 Field George Marton -

117 Field George Marton -

118 Field William Slade Anthony Holgate. Anthony Hoi-

119 Field and Stream - William Slade

120 Field and Stream - George Marton

121 Public Highway - Surveyor of Highways for the Township of Thomton-in Lonsdale.

122 Field George Marton -

123 Plantation William Slade -

124 Cottage and Garden William Slade -

125 Private Road William Slade ...

126 Field George Marton.

127 Field George Marton.

128 Field William Slade Anthony Hoi-

128 o Public Highway - Surveyor of Highways for the Township of rhornton-in-Lonsdale.

129 Field William Slade Anthony Hoi-

130 Field and Barn William Slade gate. Anthony Hoi-

131 Field William Slade gate. Anthony Hoi-

132 Field William Slade gate. Anthony Hol-gate.

133 Field and public Footpath. William Slade Anthony Holgate.

134 Plantation William Slade

135 Plantation - William Slade

136 Plantation William Slade

137 Field George Marton

138 Field Edward Tatham and Roger Chapman,Devisees in Trust under the Will of the late Reverend William Waller. John Metcalfe

139 Field and Road Edward Tatham and Roger Chapman,Devisees in Trust under the Will of the late Reverend William Waller. John Metcalfe

140 Field and Plantation Edward Tatham and Roger Chapman.De-visees in Trust under the Will of the late Reverend William Waller. John Metcalfe

Present Occupier.

Edward H arland This-tlethwaite.

James Wrathall. William Rumney. William Rumney. William Rumney. Anthony Holgate.

Anthony Holgate.

William Rumney.

William Rumney. In hand.

James Smith.

In band.

William Rumney. William Rumney. Anthony Holgate.

Anthony Holgate.

Anthony Holgate.

Anthony Holgate.

Anthony Holgate.

Anthony Holgate.

In hand.

In hand.

In hand.

William Rumney. John Metcalfe.

John Metcalfe.

John Metcalfe.

12" VICTORIAE, Cap. xix. 213

No. on Plans and Book of Reference referred to in the *• North-western Railway Act, 1846." Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

141 Farmhouse, Yard Garden, Stable, Shippon, and Outbuildings. Edward Tatham and RogerChapman, Devisees in Trust under the Will of the late Reverend William Waller. John Metcalfe John Metcalfe.

141 a Cottage and Garden Edward Tatham and RogerChapman,Devisees in Trust under the Will of the late Reverend William Waller. John Metcalfe William Bullock.

142 House, Garden, and Yard. Edward Tatham and RogerChapman,Devisees in Trust under the Will of the late Reverend William Waller. Reverend Thomas Leech.

143 Plantation Edward Tatham and RogerChapman, De-viseesin Trust under the Will of the late Reverend William Waller. Reverend Thomas Leech.

144 Toll Bar, House, and Garden. Trustees of the Turnpike Road from Settle to Wallhead Gate. James Parker Wilson.

145 Turnpike Road Trustees of the Turnpike Road from Settle to Wallhead Gate.

146 Field William Slade . William Coulthard and Joseph Roscoe Allen.

147 Plantation Agnes Foxcroft ... In hand.

148 House, Garden, Yard, Garden, House, and Outbuildings. Agnes Foxcroft In hand.

149 Uninclosed Pasture Land, and Half of Stream and River Greeta, dividing the Parishes of Thornton and Bentham. William Slade,Edward Tatham, and Roger Chapman, Devisees in Trust under the Will of the late Reverend William Waller. Parish of Tunstal /.

52 Field George Wilson •James Wilson Robert Maudsley.

53 Garden George Wilson James Wilson Robert Maudsley.

54 Occupation Road - George Wilson James Wilson and John Gibson.

55 Uninclosed Pasture and Woodland. George Wilson James Wilson John Gibson.

56 Garden George Wilson James Wilson John Gibson.

57 Stream called*' Leek Beck." George Wilson James Wilson James Wilson and John Gibson.

58 Field and public Footpath. George Wilson James Wilson James Wilson.

[Loco/.] 3 H

214 12° VICTORIA, Cap.*ix.

No. on Plans

and Book Present Owner Present. Lessee

Present Description. or reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

• North-western Railway Act, 1846." reputed Owner.

59 Field and public Footpath. Cottage and Pig- George Wilson James Wilson Robert Maudsley.

60 James Ellershaw - - - Unoccupied.

61 y* Coacli-house and James Ellershaw James Preston James Preston.

Stable.

62 Cottage, Yard, Pig- George Wilson James Wilson James Wilson and Ro-

geries, Barn, and Shippon. bert Maudsley.

63 Field Edward Tatham and - William Airey.

the Reverend Wil-

liam Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry

Welch, a Minor.

64 Field and public Edward Tatham and Thomas Clark- Thomas Clarkson.

Footpath. the Reverend Wil- son.

liam Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor.

65 Blacksmith’s Shop John Gibson ... John Gibson.

and Shed.

66 Shippon and Yard - Edward Huggonson - * William Huggonson.

67 Garden James Coulston ... James Coulston.

68 Two Cottages James Coulston » - James Coulston.

69 Cottage and Privy - James Coulston - James Coulston.

70 Public House and John Cragg Edward Hug- William Huggonson.

71 Workshop. gonson.

Cottage John Cragg Edward Hug- William Huggonson.

Field gonson.

72 John Yates Thexton - Thomas Holmes Thomas Holmes.

73 Field and Stream - John Yates Thexton - Thomas Holmes

74 Public Highway - Surveyor of Highways —

for the Township of Leek.

75 Public Highway - Surveyor of Highways —

for the Township of Leek.

76 Cottage, Yard, Or- William Fletcher - William Fletcher.

chard, Piggery, Workshop, Ship-

pon, and Shed.

77 Garden William Fletcher -

78 Garden John Gibson -

79 House, Garden, Edward Tatham and - John Gibson.

Barn, Shippon, the Reverend Wil-

Privy, and Piggery. liam Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry

Welch, a Minor.

80 81 Cottage Cottage and Piggery Robert Dodgson Robert Dodgson - (ieorge Airey. Thomas Murphy. Robert Lowe.

82 Cottage, Barn, Sta- Robert Dodgson -

ble, Shippon, Yard, and Piggery.

83 Garden Robert Dodgson.

84 Field and public Edward Tatham and - William Airey.

Footpath. the Reverend Wil-

liam Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor.

12° VICTORIA, Cap.*ix. 215

No. on Plans and Book of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway Act, 1846." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

85 Field and public Footpath. Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor. - John Gibson and John Barrow.

86 Field Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor. William Airey.

87 Field Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor. Unoccupied.

88 Plantation Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor. In hand.

89 Field Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor. William Airey.

90 Public Highway - Surveyor of High ways for the Township of Leek.

91 Field Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor. Christopher Gill Christopher Gill.

92 Occupation Road - Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor. Christopher Gill.

93 Plantation Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor. In hand.

93 a Plantation Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor. In hand.

9-t Field Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor. William Airey.

95 Field Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor. Miriam Robinson.

216

12° VICTORIAE, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Book of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway Act, 1846." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee or reputed Lessee.

96 Field and Carriage Road. Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor.

97 Cottage and Garden Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor.

98 Garden Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor.

99 Plantation Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor.

100 Strip of Land Edward Tatham anti the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor.

101 Field and Stream - Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor.

102 Field and Stream - Edward Tatham and the Reverend William Hooper Parker, Trustees of Henry Welch, a Minor.

103 Field Edward Tatham -

101 Field and Stream - Edward Tatham.

105 Field Edward Tatham.

106 Mill Stream and Dam. Edward Tatham.

107 Farmhouse, Cart-house, StableYard, Road, and Outbuildings. Edward Tatham

108 Barn, Shippon, and Yard. Orchard Edward Tatham -

109 Edward Tatham

110 House, Garden, and Yard. Edward Tatham -

111 Field and public Footpath. Edward Tatham -

112 Turnpike Road Trustees of the Turnpike Road from the Toll-house Beck to Kirkby Lonsdale.

113 Public Highway - Surveyor of Highways for the Township of Leek.

114 Field and Stream - Edward Tatham -

Present Occupier.

Miriam Robinson.

John Parker.

John Parker.

In band.

John Parker.

Miriam Robinson.

Miriam Robinson.

John Gibson. Obadiah Shepherd. Obadiah Shepherd. Obadiah Shepherd.

Obadiah Shepherd.

Obadiah Shepherd.

Elizabeth Tat ham. Elizabeth Tatham.

Obadiah Shepherd.

Obadiah Shepherd.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix. 217

No. on Plans and Book of Reference referred to in the • North-western Railway Act, 1846." Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

115 Plantation and Stream. Edward Tatham . Obadiah Shepherd.

116 Field and Stream - Rowland Parke Joseph Parker Joseph Parker.

117 Field and Stream - Rowland Parke Joseph Parker Joseph Parker.

118 Plantation Edward Tatham - Obadiah Shepherd.

119 Field Edward Tatham - Obadiah Shepherd.

120 Field John Yates Thexton and Richard Marshall. - Jane Langstreth.

121 Field George Marton John Nutter - John Nutter.

122 Half the Stream dividing the Parishes of Tunstall and Thornton-in-Lonsdale. John Yates Thexton, Richard Marshall, and George Marton. Parish of Kirkby Lon John Nutter - sdale. Jane Langstreth and John Nutter.

110 Field Joseph Gibson - James Taylor.

111 Plantation and Occupation Road. Joseph Gibson * In hand.

112 Field and Stream - Joseph Gibson - Joshua Moore.

113 Field and Stream - William Thompson - - Frederick John Morris.

lit Plantation and Streams. Joseph Gibson - In hand.

115 Field and Stream - Joseph Gibson - James Taylor.

116 Field Joseph Gibson - James Taylor.

117 Field Joseph Gibson - James Taylor.

118 Field and Footpath Joseph Gibson - Joshua Moore.

119 Field and Stream - Robert Skyring Garnett. - Robert Wilson.

120 Field and Occupation Road. Joseph Gibson - Robert Wilson.

121 Public Highway - Surveyor of the Highways for the Township of Barbon. —

122 Field Joseph Gibson - Richard Garnett.

123 Field, Stream, and Footpath. Joseph Gibson - Richard Garnett.

12t Field Joseph Gibson - Richard Garnett.

125 House, Yard, Garden, and Outbuildings. Joseph Gibson ' ‘ James Brennon.

126 House, Yard, Garden, and Outbuildings. Joseph Gibson ‘ Samuel Wenn.

127 Field Thomas Robinson ... In hand.

128 Field Robert Skyring Garnett. . Robert Wilson.

129 Field Thomas Robinson In hand.

130 Field Joseph Gibson . James Taylor.

131 Field Joseph Gibson - James Taylor.

131 a Field William Richardson ... William Richardson.

132 Field and Stream - John Batty - Thomas Robinson.

133 Field, Footpath, and Stream. Thomas Robinson " In hand.

ISt Field and Footpaths Thomas Robinson ... In hand.

135 Field and Footpaths Thomas Robinson . In hand.

136 [Loca Field ?.] Thomas Robinson 3 I ... In hand.

218 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

No. on Plans and Book of Reference referred to in the *• North-western Railway Act, 1846." Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee or reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

137 Public Highway - Surveyor of the Highways for the Township of Barbon. -

138 Field Thomas Robinson ... In hand.

139 Field Joseph Gibson - William Kirk.

140 Field and Footpath Joseph Gibson . William Kirk.

141 Public Highway - Surveyor of the Highways for the Township of Barbon.

142 Field Joseph Gibson - William Kirk.

145 Field, Pond, Wood, and Half the Bed of the River called " Barbon Beck." James Phillips Kay Shuttleworth, Janet Kay Shuttleworth, Thomas Greene, and Richard Shuttle-worth Streatfield. John Bownas John Bownas.

146 Field, Wood, Occupation Road, and Half the Bed of the River called " Barbon Beck." James Phillips Kay Shuttleworth, Janet Kay Shuttleworth, Thomas Greene, and Richard Shuttle-worth Streatfield. John Bownas John Bownas.

147 Field James Phillips Kay Shuttleworth, Janet Kay Shuttleworth, Thomas Greene, and Richard Shuttle-worth Streatfield. John Bownas John Bownas.

148 Field James Phillips Kay Shuttleworth, Janet Kay Shuttleworth, Thomas Greene, and Richard Shuttle-worth Streatfield. John Bownas John Bownas.

149 Wood and Stream James Phillips Kay Shuttleworth, Janet Kay Shuttleworth, Thomas Greene, and Richard Shuttle-worth Streatfield. John Bownas John Bownas.

150 Field, Stream, and Occupation Road. Joseph Gibson William War-riner. William Warriner

151 Field Joseph Gibson William War-riner. William Warriner.

152 Field Joseph Gibson WTilliam War-riner. William Warriner.

153 Occupation Road - Joseph Gibson William War-liner. William Warriner.

154 Field Joseph Gibson William War-riner. William Warriner.

155 Field Joseph Gibson William War- William Warriner.

156 Field Joseph Gibson William War-riner. William Warriner.

157 Field Janet Kirk -

158 Field Joseph Gibson William War-rincr. William Warriner.

159 Field and Stream - George Gibson and John Jenkinson. - James Airey.

219

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Book of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway Act, 1846." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

160 Wood and Stream George Gibson John Jenkinson. and - - James Airey.

161 Garden George Gibson John Jenkinson. and - - James Airey.

162 Occupation Road Joseph Gibson, George Gibson, and John Jenkinson. William Warriner and James Airey,

163 Field George Gibson John Jenkinson and - James Airey.

164 Field George Gibson John Jenkinson. and - James Airey.

165 Field and Footpath George Gibson John Jenkinson. and - - James Airey.

166 Field George Gibson John Jenkinson. and - " James Airey.

167 Field and Footpath George Gibson John Jenkinson. and ' James Airey.

168 Field and Footpath George Gibson John Jenkinson. and * James Airey.

169 Field George Gibson John Jenkinson and - - James Aire}'.

170 Field and Streams George Gibson John Jenkinson and " James Airey.

171 Field and Stream - William Moore - _ . Richard Nelson.

172 Field - . William Moore - - * Thomas Rigg.

173 Wood William Moore . * - Richard Nelson.

174 Field William Moore - - - Richard Nelson.

175 Field William Moore - - - Richard Nelson.

176 Occupation Hoad - William Moore - . - Richard Nelson.

177 Field and Stream - William Moore - . - Richard Nelson.

178 Field and Stream - William Moore - - - Richard Nelson.

179 Field and Stream • William Moore - - - Richard Nelson.

180 Field William Moore - . - Richard Nelson.

181 Field William Moore . . - Richard Nelson.

182 Field William Moore - - - Thomas Rigg.

183 Field William Moore - - - Thomas Rigg-

184 Field, Stream, Barn, and Yard. William Moore Thomas Rigg.

185 Wood William Moore . _ Thomas Rigg.

186 Field, Stream, and Footpath. William Moore * " Thomas Rigg.

187 Field and Stream - William Moore . _ _ Thomas Rigg.

188 Field and Stream - William Moore - - - Thomas Rigg.

189 Field William Moore - . . Thomas Rigg.

190 Field and Stream - William Moore - _ _ Thomas Rigg. Thomas Rigg.

191 Field William Moore - _ _

192 Field Mabel Bradshaw - - - James Winster.

193 Field Mabel Bradshaw - - . James Winster.

194 Field and Stream - Mabel Bradshaw - . - James Winster.

195 Field Mabel Bradshaw - - . James Winster.

196 Field William Moore - . George Dinsdle.

197 Field William Moore - - - George Dinsdle.

198 Field William Moore . James Wilson James Wilson.

199 Occupation Road - William Moore and Lady Ann Frederica Elizabeth-le-Fleming. Thomas Rigg, James Wilson, and Edmund Knipe.

200 Field William Moore - - - George Dinsdle.

220 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Book of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway Act, 1846." Present Description, Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

201 Field and Stream - Lady Ann Frederica Elizabeth-le-Fleming. - Edmund Knipe.

202 Field, Footpath, and Stream. Lady Ann Frederica Elizabeth-le-Fleming. Edmund Knipe.

203 Field, Footpath, and Stream. Lady Ann Frederica Elizabeth-le-Fleming. Edmund Knipe.

20* Field William Moore - John Wilson.

205 Field and Stream - Lady Ann Frederica Elizabeth-le-Fleming. Edmund Knipe.

206 Field and Stream - William Moore - George Dinsdle.

207 Public Highway - Surveyor of the Highways for the Township of Middleton.

208 Field William Moore - John Wilson.

209 Field William Moore - John Wilson.

210 Field William Moore - John Wilson.

211 Field and Footpath William Moore - John Wilson.

212 Field and Footpath William Moore - John Wilson.

213 Field William Moore ... John Wilson.

21* Field William Moore . John Wilson.

215 Field - * Thomas Bownas . In hand.

216 Field and Footpath Thomas Bownas - In hand.

217 Field and Footpath Thomas Bownas . In hand.

218 Field Thomas Bownas ... In hand.

219 Barn, Shippon, Occupation Road, and Yard. Thomas Bownas In hand.

220 Plantation Thomas Bownas . In hand.

221 House, Outbuildings, Yard, and Garden. Thomas Bownas In hand.

222 Barn and Garden - Thomas Bownas ... In hand.

223 Occupation Road - Thomas Bownas and William Moore. - John Bownas and Thomas Bownas.

22* Field and Footpath Thomas Bownas - In hand.

225 Field and Footpath William Moore - John Bownas.

226 Field Thomas Bownas ... In hand.

227 Field William Moore - John Bownas.

228 Occupation Road - William Moore, Thomas Bownas, and Thomas Fawcett. . . John Bownas and Thomas Bownas.

229 Field and Stream - Thomas Fawcett William Nelson William Nelson.

230 Field Thomas Fawcett William Nelson William Nelson.

231 Field Thomas Fawcett William Nelson William Nelson.

232 Field Thomas Fawcett William Nelson William Nelson.

233 Field and Occupation Road. Thomas Fawcett William Nelson William Nelson.

23* Field Thomas Fawcett William Nelson William Nelson.

235 Wood and Occupation Road. Thomas Fawcett William Nelson William Nelson.

236 Field Thomas Fawcett William Nelson William Nelson.

237 Field Thomas Fawcett William Nelson William Nelson.

238 Field Thomas Fawcett William Nelson William Nelson.

239 Field Thomas Fawcett William Nelson William Nelson.

2*0 Wood and Stream - Thomas Fawcett William Nelson William Nelson.

2*1 Field Thomas Fawcett William Nelson William Nelson.

12" VICTORIA, Cap. xix. 221

No. onPlans and Book of Reference referred to in the *• North-western Railway Act, 1846." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee or reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

24.2 Occupation Road and Stream. Thomas Fawcett - William Nelson.

243 Field William Moore - William Nelson.

244 Field William Moore - Thomas Bownas.

245 Field William Moore William Bownas William Bownas.

246 William Moore William Bownas William Bownas.

247 Field and Stream - William Moore William Bownas William Bownas.

248 Wood and Stream - William Moore William Bownas William Bownas.

249 Field and Stream - William Moore William Bownas William Bownas.

250 Mill-stream William Moore William Bownas William Bownas.

251 Field William Moore William Bownas William Bownas.

252 Field and Occupation Road. William Moore William Bownas William Bownas.

253 Field William Moore William Bownas William Bownas.

254 Field, Footpath, Stream,and Ponds. William Moore William Bownas William Bownas.

255 Field and Stream - William Moore William Bownas William Bownas.

256 William Moore William Bownas William Bownas.

257 Field William Moore William Bownas William Bownas.

258 Field William Moore William Bownas William Bownas.

259 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. ’ William Thernbeck.

260 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. " John Coulthwaite.

261 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. William Bownas.

262 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. * John Coulthwaite.

263 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. " John Coulthwaite.

264 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. * John Coulthwaite.

265 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. - John Coulthwaite.

266 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. - John Coulthwaite.

267 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. - John Coulthwaite.

268 Occupation Road - John Upton and Eliza Upton. " John Coulthwaite.

269 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. Agnes Parkinson. Agnes Parkinson.

270 Occupation Road - John Upton and Eliza Upton. ... William Thernbeck.

271 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. ... William Thernbeck.

272 Field William Beetham, Trustee of Robert Bateman’s Charity. John Coulthwaite.

273 Field Richard Green . James Varey.

274 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. ... James Braithwaite

275 Garden Richard Green ... James Varey.

276 Field Richard Green - James Varey.

277 Occupation Road - Richard Green - James Varey.

278 Field Richard Green - James Varey.

279 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. Agnes Parkinson. Agnes Parkinson.

280 \Locc Field John Upton and Eliza Upton, 3 K John Coulthwaite.

\^Local.~\

222 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Book of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway Act, 184G." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

281 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. Agnes Parkinson. Agnes Parkinson.

282 Garden John Upton and Eliza Upton. Agnes Parkinson. Agnes Parkinson.

283 Toll House, Coal-house, and Garden. Trustees of the Turnpike Road from Kirkby Lonsdale to Sedbergh. Joshua Bowers junior. William Brown.

284 House and Garden Thomas Bownas and Richard Nelson, Chapelwardens, and John Bownas, Overseer. Thomas Seddon.

283 Field and Occupation Road. John Upton and Eliza Upton. Agnes Parkinson. Agnes Parkinson.

286 House, Barn, and Garden. John Upton and Eliza Upton. Agnes Parkinson. Agnes Parkinson.

287 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. Agnes Parkinson. Agnes Parkinson.

288 Turnpike Road Trustees of the Turnpike Road from Kirkby Lonsdale to Sedbergh.

289 House, Barn, Outbuildings, and Yard. Richard Green • James Varey.

290 Garden Richard Green - James Varey.

291 Garden William Moore ... Thomas Seddon.

292 Common Road and Footpath. William Moore and the Inhabitants of the Township of Middleton.

293 Garden William Moore - Thomas Seddon.

294 Field Richard Green . James Varey.

295 Stable and Waste - Richard Green - James Varey.

296 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. Agnes Parkinson. Agnes Parkinson.

297 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. Agnes Parkinson. Agnes Parkinson.

298 Field Richard Green - Janies Varey.

299 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. Agnes Parkinson. Agnes Parkinson.

300 Common and Road William Moore and the Inhabitants of the Township of Middleton.

301 Occupation Road - Dorothy Kendall - John Tomlinson.

302 Field Dorothy Kendall _ John Tomlinson.

303 Field Dorothy Kendall - John Tomlinson.

304 Wood and Stream - Dorothy Kendall - John Tomlinson.

305 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. - James Braithwaite.

306 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. - James Braithwaite.

307 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. . James Braithwaite.

308 Public Highway - Surveyor of the Highways for the Township of Middleton. —

309 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. Agnes Parkinson. Agnes Parkinson.

310 Wood and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. . Eliza Upton.

12" VICTOR!.®, Capx. 223

No. on Plans and Boole of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway Act, 1846." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee or reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

sn Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. Agnes Parkinson. Agnes Parkinson.

312 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. Agnes Parkinson. Agnes Parkinson.

313 Occupation Hoad - John Upton and Eliza Upton. Agnes Parkinson. Agnes Parkinson.

31* Field, Footpath, and Stream. John Upton and Eliza Upton. - - James Braithwaite.

315 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. - - James Braithwaite.

316 Wood and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. - * James Braithwaite.

317 Field, Stream, Pond and Barn. The Reverend John Hutton Fisher and the Reverend John Holmes Abbott. Thomas Sedgwick.

318 Field and Stream - The Reverend John Hutton Fisher and the Reverend John Holmes Abbott. Thomas Sedgwick.

319 A Occupation Road - The Reverend John Hutton Fisher and the Reverend John Holmes Abbott. Thomas Sedgwick.

320 Field The Reverend Henry Askew and the Reverend Daniel Wilson. Thomas Sedgwick.

321 Field Richard Sedgwick • . - Thomas Sedgwick.

322 Field, Stream, and Pond. The Reverend John Hutton Fisher and the Reverend John Holmes Abbott. Thomas Sedgwick.

323 Field The Reverend John Hutton Fisher and the Reverend John Holmes Abbott. Thomas Sedgwick.

32+ Field and Stream - Thomas Sedgwick - . _ Thomas Sedgwick.

325 Field, Stream, and Occupation Hoad. Thomas Sedgwick * - Thomas Sedgwick.

326 Field The Reverend John Hutton Fisher and the Reverend John Holmes Abbott. Thomas Sedgwick.

327 Field and Stream - Thomas Sedgwick . Thomas Sedgwick.

328 Field Thomas Sedgwick - - Thomas Sedgwick.

329 Field Thomas Sedgwick - - Thomas Sedgwick.

330 Field The Reverend John Hutton Fisher, and the Reverend John Holmes Abbott. Thomas Sedgwick.

331 Common William Moore and the Inhabitants of the Township of Middleton.

331 a Public Highway - Surveyor of the Highways for the Township of Middleton.

332 Field Thomas Sedgwick - - Thomas Sedgwick.

333 Occupation Hoad - Thomas Sedgwick ~ Thomas Sedgwick.

224

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix,

PART II.

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the " Morecambe Harbour and Railway Act, 1846." Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

l Sea Shore and Sea and Balks. Parish of Heyshui The Lords Commissioners of the Woods n. Miles Stephenson and Edward Edmondson.

and Forests and Land Revenues of the Crown, the Queen in right of Her Duchy of Lancaster, Edward Edmondson, Margaret Wright, the Reve-rend John Marsden Wright, Thomas Yates Ridley, Mary Hadwen, and Thomas Walling Salisbury, and Thomas Ilousman Higgin, Trustees of the Will of Adam Thornborrow deceased, James Dodgson,John Mashi-ter, Alice Mashiter, George Marton, Daniel Edmondson, Lords of the Manor of Heysham, and Margaret Bagott, the Reverend James Robertson, and Mary Ellen Robertson his Wife, Trustees of the Manor of Heysham, Alice Burrow, Miles Stephenson, and Edward Edmondson.

1 Sea Shore, Sea, and FishingBalks.

Parish of Lancaster.

The Lords Commissioners of the Woods and Forests and Land Revenues of the Crown, the Queen in right of Her Duchy of Lancaster, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, Miles Stephenson, Alice Burrow, Edward Edmondson, or some of them.

- Miles Thomson and Edward Edmondson.

12° VICTORIA, Cap.ah. 225

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the " Morecatnbe Harbour and Railway Act, 184G." Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

2 Waste The Lords Commissioners of the Woods and Forests and Land Revenues of the Crown, the Queen in right of Her Duchy of Lancaster, and Mary Hadwen. Richard Escholme.

3 Public Highway - Surveyor of Highways of the Hamlet of Poulton.

4 Waste Mary Hadwen - Richard Escholme.

5 Field Maiy Hadwen - Richard Escholme.

6 Field Margaret Wright and the Reverend John Marsden Wright. Richard Es-cholme. Richard Escholme.

PART III.

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton. Casterton, Sed-bergh, and Bulk,) Act. 1848." Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

i

Parish of Tunstall.

i Field George Wilson - James Wilson.

2 Field George Wilson - James Wilson.

3 Field, Footpath, and Stream. George Wilson " James Wilson.

4 Turnpike Road Trustees of the Turnpike Road from the Toll-house Beck in the Township of Ireby to Kirkby Lonsdale.

5 Bridge Trustees of the Turnpike Road from the Toll house Beck in the Township of Ireby to Kirkby Lonsdale.

6 Field George Wilson - James Wilson.

7 Field - George Wilson - James Wilson.

8 Field George Wilson - James Wilson.

9 Field George Wilson - James Wilson.

10 Field George Wilson - James Wilson.

11 Field Edward Tatham, surviving Devisee in Trust under the Will of Edmund Tatham, and Edmund Tatham Procter and Jane Procter. Thomas Hobson. Thomas Hobson.

3 L

226 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the • North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, Scd-bergh, and Bulk,) Act, 1848." Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

12 Turnpike Road Trustees of the Turnpike Road from the Toll-house Beck in the Township of Ireby to Kirkby Lonsdale.

13 Field George Wilson Thomas Serjeantson. Richard Willan and Mary Willan.

14 Public Highway - The Surveyor of the Highways of the Township of Burrow with Burrow.

15 Field George Wilson Thomas Serjeantson. Thomas Serjeantson.

16 Field and Stream - The Reverend Henry Kempson, John Tennant, John Procter senior, Thomas Procter, and Robert Holgate, and Robert Procter. Richard Willan and Mary Willan. Richard Willan and Mary Willan.

17 Field George Wilson Thomas Serjeantson. Thomas Serjeantson.

18 Field George Wilson Thomas Serjeantson. Thomas Serjeantson. Thomas Serjeantson.

19 Field and Stream - George Wilson Thomas Serjeantson.

20 Field George Wilson Thomas Serjeantson. Thomas Serjeantson. Thomas Serjeantson.

21 Field and Stream - George Wilson Thomas Serjeantson.

Parish of Kirkby Lonsdale.

1 Field George Wilson Thomas Ser-

2 Field The Earl of Lonsdale jeantson.

3 Field The Earl of Lonsdale

4 Field Alexander Pearson -

5 Field and Footpath Alexander Pearson -

6 Field and Footpath The Earl of Lonsdale

7 Field James Bayley

8 Field William Dodson

9 Field and Wood - William Dodson

10 Field and Footpath James Bayley

11 Field and Wood - Alexander Pearson -

12 Field,Footpath, and Occupation Road. The Earl of Lonsdale, James Bayley.

13 Public Flighway - The Surveyors of Highways for the Township of Caster-ton.

14 Field Alexander Pearson -

15 Field James Bayley -

16 Field and Footpath Earl of Lonsdale -

17 Field Earl of Lonsdale

18 Field and Footpath Earl of Lonsdale -

Thomas Serjeantson.

Joseph Hodgson. Joseph Hodgson. Lawrence Lambert. Lawrence Lambert. Joseph Hodgson. James Bayley. William Dodson. William Dodson.

In hand.

Lawrence Lambert. Joseph Hodgson, James Bayley.

Lawrence Lambert. James Bayley. Joseph Hodgson. Joseph Hodgson. Joseph Hodgson.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix. 227

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the *• North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, Sed-bergh, and Bulk,) Act, 1848." Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

19 Field and Barn The Reverend John Hutton Fisher and the Reverend John Rowlandson. James Bayley James Bayley.

20 Field The Reverend John Hutton Fisher and the Reverend John Rowlandson. James Bayley James Bayley.

21 Field The Reverend John Hutton Fisher and the Reverend John Rowlandson. James Bayley James Bayley.

22 Field The Reverend John Hutton Fisher and the Reverend John Rowlandson. James Bayley James Bayley.

23 Garden The Reverend John Hutton Fisher and the Reverend John Rowlandson. James Bayley William Kirk.

24 House, Yard, Garden, Well, and Outbuildings. The Reverend John Hutton Fisher and the Reverend John Rowlandson. James Bayley William Kirk.

25 Public Highway - The Surveyor of the Highways for the Township of Caster-ton.

26 Barn and Orchard William Wilson Carus Wilson. Thomas Atkinson. Thomas Atkinson.

27 House and Outbuildings. William Wilson Carus Wilson. Thomas Atkinson. Thomas Atkinson.

28 Outbuildings William Wilson Carus Wilson. Thomas Atkinson. Thomas Atkinson.

29 Field William Wilson Carus Wilson. Thomas Atkinson. Thomas Atkinson.

30 House, Barn, Yard, and Outbuildings. William Wilson Carus Wilson. Thomas Atkinson. Thomas Atkinson.

31 Garden William Wilson Carus Wilson. Thomas Atkinson. Thomas Atkinson.

32 Field William Wilson Carus Wilson. Thomas Atkinson. Thomas Atkinson.

33 Field and Occupation Hoad. William Wilson Carus Wilson. Thomas Atkinson. Thomas Atkinson.

34 Limekiln and Occupation Road. William Wilson Carus Wilson. - In hand.

35 Field William Wilson Carus Wilson. Thomas Atkinson. Thomas Atkinson.

36 Field, Stream, and Occupation Road. William Wilson Carus Wilson. Thomas Atkinson. Thomas Atkinson.

37 Maltkiln, Yard, Outbuilding, and Land. James Carter * " " In hand.

38 Field William Wilson Carus Wilson. Thomas Atkinson. Thomas Atkinson.

39 Field William Wilson Carus Wilson. Thomas Atkinson. Thomas Atkinson.

40 Field James Carter - James Carter.

41 1 Occupation Road - James Carter - j - James Carter.

228 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the *• North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, Sed-bergh.and Bulk,) Act, 1848." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

42 Field and Stream - James Carter - - - James Carter.

43 Field and Stream - Mary Kirk - Thomas Wilson.

44 Field Janies Carter - In hand.

45 Field James Carter - In hand.

46 Field James Carter - In hand.

47 Field James Carter - In hand.

48 Field William Thompson - - Frederick John Morris.

49 Field and Stream - William Thompson - - Frederick John Morris

50 Field William Wilson Carus Wilson. Richard Atkinson.

51 Public Highway - Surveyor of Highways for the Township of Casterton.

52 Public Highway - Surveyor of Highways for the Township of Casterton.

53 Field Joseph Gibson - Richard Garnett.

54 Field William Wilson Carus Wilson. - In hand.

55 Public Highway - Surveyor of Highways for the Township of Casterton.

56 Field and Stream - William Thompson - - Frederick John Morris.

57 Field and Stream - William Thompson - - Frederick John Morris.

58 Field, Footpath, Occupation Road, and Stream. William Wilson Carus Wilson. William Kay - William Kay.

59 Field William Wilson Carus Wilson. - William Kay.

60 Public Highway The Surveyor of the Highways for the Township of Casterton.

61 Field William Thompson - - Frederick John Morris.

62 Field William Wilson Carus Wilson. - William Kay.

63 Field William Wilson Carus Wilson. - William Kay.

64 Field and Well William Wilson Carus Wilson. - William Kay.

65 Field William Wilson Carus Wilson. * William Kay.

66 Field William Wilson Carus Wilson. - William Kay.

67 Field and Occupation Road. Joseph Gibson - Joshua Moore.

68 Field Joseph Gibson - Joshua Moore.

69 Field and Occupation Road. Joseph Gibson Joshua Moore.

70 Field and Wood - William Dodgson -

71 Plantation Joseph Gibson -

72 Public Highway - The Surveyor of the Highways for the Township of Caster-ton.

73 Field Joseph Gibson -

74 Field, Stream, and Occupation Road. Joseph Gibson - Joshua Moore.

75 Field and Wood - Joseph Gibson - j " * - James Taylor.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix. 229

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the ■’ North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Caster ton, Sed-bergh, and Bulk,) Act, 1848." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

4 I Field Parish of Sedbergh Thomas Sedgwick - Thomas Sedgwick.

5 Field Thomas Sedgwick - Thomas Sedgwick.

6 Field Thomas Sedgwick - Thomas Sedgwick.

7 Field, Footpath, Thomas Sedgwick - Thomas Sedgwick.

8 and Half the Bed of the River Ra-thay. Field Thomas Sedgwick Thomas Sedgwick.

9 Field Thomas Sedgwick - - Thomas Sedgwick.

10 Field, Footpath, Thomas Sedgwick - - Thomas Sedgwick.

11 Wood,and Halftlie Bed of the River Rathay. Wood, Footpath, James Upton, Anne Thomas Birkbeck.

12 and Half the Bed of the River Rathay. Field, Stream, and Inman, the Reverend John Charles Chambers and Mary his Wife. John Holme Robert Akrigg.

13 Footpath. Field and Half the John Holme Robert Akrigg.

14 lled of the Rathay. Field, Footpath, John Upton and Eliza . - • Thomas Capstick.

15 and Wood, and Half the Bed of the River Rathay. Field Upton. John Upton and Eliza Thomas Capstick.

16 Field Upton. John Upton and Eliza _ Thomas Capstick.

17 Field, Footpath, Upton. John Upton and Eliza . George Stainton.

18 Wood, and Half the Bed of the River Rathay. Field Upton. John Upton and Eliza George Stainton.

19 Field Upton. John Upton and Eliza George Stainton.

20 Field and Footpath Upton. John Upton and Eliza . . George Stainton.

21 Field, Footpath, and Upton. John Upton and Eliza . . George Stainton.

22 Stream. Field Upton. John Upton and Eliza . _ George Stainton.

23 Field Upton. John Upon and Eliza _ George Stainton.

24 Field and Stream - Upton. John Upton and Eliza _ . George Stainton.

25 Turnpike Road Upton. Trustees of the Turn-

26 Field pike Road from Kirkby Lonsdale to Sedbergh. John Upton and Eliza George Stainton.

27 Field and Wood - Upton. John Upton and Eliza . _ George Stainton

Upton.

3 M

230 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Caster ton, Sed-bergh, and Bulk,) Act, 1848." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

28 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. . Thomas Capstick.

29 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. Miles Bracken.

30 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. . Miles Bracken.

31 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. * Miles Bracken.

32 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. " Miles Bracken.

33 Turnpike Road Trustees of the Turnpike Road from Sed-bergh to Kendal.

34 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. • Miles Bracken.

35 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. - Miles Bracken.

36 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. ... Miles Bracken.

37 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. - Miles Bracken.

38 Wood John Upton and Eliza Upton. John Upton and Eliza Upton.

39 Field and Barn John Upton and Eliza Upton. - William Robinson.

40 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. - Miles Bracken.

41 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. William Robinson.

42 Occupation Road - John Upton and Eliza Upton, John Allen Adamthwaite, Isabella Bainbridge.the Reverend Edward Tyson,and the Reve-rend George Millers. William Robinson, Richard Ellis,Thomas Kettlewell, Jamt* Hebblethwaite.

43 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. William Robinson.

44 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. . William Robinson.

45 Field and Occupa-pation Road. John Upton and Eliza Upton. - William Robinson.

46 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. - William Robinson.

47 Public Highway - The Surveyor of Highways of the Hamlet of Marthwaite.

48 Field and Stream . John Upton and Eliza Upton. Edward Cap-stick. Edward Capstick-

49 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. Edward Cap-stick. Edward Capstick.

50 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. Edward Cap-stick. Edward Capstick.

51 Field and Footpath John Upton and Eliza Upton. Edward Cap-stick. Edward Capstick.

52 Field, Footpath, and Stream. John Upton and Eliza Upton. Edward Cap-stick. Edward Capstick.

53 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. Edward Cap-stick. Edward Capstick.

12° VICTORIA, Capix. 231

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the • North-western Railway (Diversion* at Skipton, Casterton, Sed-bergh, and Bulk,) Act. 1848.'" Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

54. Field and Footpath John Upton and Eliza Upton. Edward Cap-stick. Edward Capstick.

55 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. Edward Cap-stick. Edward Capstick.

56 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. Edward stick. Cap- Edward Capstick.

57 Field and Stream - John Upton and Eliza Upton. Edward stick. Cap- Edward Capstick.

58 Field Janies Inman - - James Inman.

59 Field Richard Ward - - William Morris.

60 Field John Upton and Eliza Upton. Edward stick. Cap- Edward Capstick.

61 Public Highway - The Surveyor of High ■ ways of the Hamlet of Marthwaite.

62 Field, Wood, and Stream. Richard Ward - * William Morris.

63 Field, Wood, and Stream. John Ward - - John Ward.

64* Field and Wood - Richard Ward _ - William Morris.

65 Wood John Ward . . John Ward.

66 Field John Ward - . John Ward.

67 Field John Ward - John Ward.

68 Field John Ward - John Ward.

69 Field John Ward - John Ward.

70 Field John Ward . John Ward.

71 Field John Ward - John Ward.

72 Wood John Ward . John Ward.

73 Field John Ward - John Ward.

74 Field John Ward . John Ward.

75 Field John Ward - John Ward.

76 Field John Ward . John Ward.

77 Field John Ward . John Ward.

78 Field The Reverend William Wilson, D.D. Robert Wilson Robert Wilson.

79 Field The Reverend William Wilson. Robert Wilson Robert Wilson.

80 Field Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. * William Charnley.

81 Field Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. • William Charnley'.

82 Field and Footpath Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. " William Charnley.

83 Field Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. " William Charnley.

81 Field, Footpath, and Barn. Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. * William Charnley.

85 Field Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. William Charnley.

86 Field Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. William Charnley.

87 Field Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. - William Charnley.

88 Occupation Road and Footpath. Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. " William Charnley.

89 Field Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. William Charnley.

90 Field, Occupation Road, Footpath, and Stream. Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. William Charnley.

232 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the North-western Railway (Diver- Casterton, Sed-hergh, and Bulk,) Act, 1848." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

91 Field, Occupation Road, and Stream. Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. - William Charnley.

92 Field, Occupation Road, and Stream. Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. - William Charnley.

93 Field and Stream - Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. William Charnley.

9+ Occupation Road - Matthew Gawthorp and Ada Gawthorp. - William Charnley.

95 Field William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville the younger and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. • William Wilkinson.

96 Field and Footpath William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his V ife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, Janies Wearing Stwart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. William Wilkinson.

97 Field and Footpath William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony \\ il-kinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, Janies Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret hi- Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anrie his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. William Wilkinson.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix

233

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the " North-western. Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Caster ton, Sed-bergh, and Bulk,) Act, 1848."

Present Owner Present Lessee

Present Description. or or

reputed Owner. reputed Lessee.

Present Occupier.

98

99

100

101

Field and Footpath

Field, Footpath, and Occupation Road.

Field and Occupation Road.

Field and Occupation Road.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife,

- James Capstick.

- William Wilkinson.

- James Capstick, William Wilkinson.

James Capstick.

3 N

234 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the * North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, Sed-bergh, and Bulk,) Act, 1848." Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee or reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

102 Field Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. William Wilkinson, James Capstick.

103 Occupation Road • Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wtl-kinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. William Wilkinson, William Wilkinson.

104 Field Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Maryaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. Thomas Sedgwick - William Greenwood

105 Field and Occupa- Thomas Sedgwick . Best. William Greenwood

106 tion Road. Field Thomas Sedgwick - Best. Thomas Sedgwick.

107 Field Thomas Sedgwick - - William Greenwood

108 Public Highway - The Surveyor of Best.

109 Field Highways of the Hamlet of Howgill and Bland. Thomas Sedgwick William Greenwood

110 Wood Thomas Sedgwick - Best. William Greenwood

111 Public Highway - The Surveyor of Best.

112 Wood and Stream Highways of the Hamlet of Howgill and Bland. Thomas Sedgwick William Greenwood

113 House, Garden, and Thomas Sedgwick - William Green- Best. William Greenwood

114 Outbuildings. House, Yard, and ■William Greenwood wood Best. Best.

Outbuildings. Best. Best.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix. 235

No. on Plan« and Books of Reference referred to in the • North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, Sed-bergh. and Bulk,) Act, 1848." Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee or reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

115 House, Yard, and Outbuildings. William Greenwood Best. - Thomas Morris.

116 House, Yard, and Outbuildings. William Greenwood Best. " John Shepherd.

117 Shed and Shop William Greenwood Best. . William Greenwood Best.

118 Mill or Manufactory and Waterwheel. William Greenwood Best. William Greenwood Best.

119 Barn and Garden - William Greenwood Best. - William Greenwood Best.

120 Mill-stream William Greenwood Best. * William Greenwood Best.

121 Field Thomas Sedgwick - . William Greenwood Best. William Greenwood Best.

122 Field and Stream - Thomas Sedgwick -

123 Field and W'ood - William Thompson - - John Bidding.

124 Wood William Thompson - ... John Ridding.

125 Farmhouse, Farmyard, Barn, Ship-pon, Outbuildings, and Garden. William Thompson - John Ridding.

126 Garden and Plantation. William Thompson - - John Ridding,

127 Bridge, Occupation Road, and Outbuilding. William Thompson - . John Ridding.

128 Field and Footpath William Thompson - * John Ridding.

129 Field William Thompson - . John Ridding.

130 Wood William Thompson - - John Ridding.

131 Field and Occupation Uoad. William Thompson - - John Ridding.

132 Field and Occupation Road. William Thompson - John Ridding.

133 Occupation Road - William Wright Manifold, William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior anti Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, MaryGill,James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. Thomas Capstick, Robert Gibson.

134 Field William Wright Manifold • Thomas Capstick.

135 Field William Wright Manifold. - Thomas Capstick.

136 Field William Wright Manifold. . Thomas Capstick.

236 12° VICTORIAE, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, 8ed-bergh, and Bulk,) Act, 1848.*• Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee or reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

137 Field William Wright Manifold. - Thomas Capstick.

138 Field, Barn, and Occupation Road. William Wright Manifold. Thomas Capstick.

139 Field William Wright Manifold. " Thomas Capstick.

140 Field William Wright Manifold. William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. - Thomas Capstick.

141 Field, Occupation Road, and Footpath. John Eglin - John Eglin.

142 Field William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. John Eglin - John Eglin.

143 Field, Occupation Road, and Footpath. William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. John Eglin - John Eglin.

144 Field William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon, junior, and Jane his John Eglin - John Eglin.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

237

Present Owner Present Lessee

Present Description. or or

reputed Owner. reputed Lessee.

and Books of Reference referred to in th

si on s at Skipton, Cacterton, Sed-bergh, and Bulk,

Present Occupier.

Field, Occupation Road, and Footpath.

147

Field

Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife,

3 0

John Eglin

John Eglin

John Eglin

John Eglin.

John Eglin.

John Eglin.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix

No. on Plans

and Books of Reference referred to in the ■ North-western Railway (Diver-

Present Description.

reputed Owner.

Present Owner

reputed Lessee.

Present Lessee

Present Occupier.

Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing

Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his W'ife, Jane Wilkinson,

Alice Wilkinson.

Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson,

nior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Setvart and Elizn-

148 Field

William Wilkinson, John Eglin - John Eglin.

149 Occupation Road - William Wilkinson, John Eglin - John Eglin.

150 Field and Stream - William Wilkinson, John Eglin - John Eglin.

151 Field, Stream, and Occupation Road.

Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, John Eglin Thomas Nixon ju-

Jolin Eglin and Rowland Atkinson.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix

239

No. on Plana and Books of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, Sed-bergh, and Bulk,) Act, 1818."

Present Owner

Present Lessee

Present Description.

or

reputed Owner.

or

reputed Lessee.

152

153

15*

155

House, Garden, and Outbuildings.

Public Highway -Field

Field, Wood, and Stream.

beth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his WTife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony WTil-kinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Eliza beth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his W’ife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

The SurveyorofHigh-ways of the Hamlet of Howgill and Bland.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Sevillejunior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Sevillejunior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

Present Occupier.

Howland Atkinson.

John Chapman.

John Chapman.

240

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix,

No. on Plans , and Books of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton. Sod-bergh.and Bulk,; Act, 1343." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

156 Field William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Eliza-be h his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. Rowland Atkinson.

157 Field William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Sevillejunior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. John Chapman.

158 Field Mary Whinfield Lambert. William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Sevillejunior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. * Edmund Scott.

159 Field John Chapman.

160 Occupation Road - William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Eliza- John Chapman, William Hunter, Richard Turner, Christopher Wilson.

12° VICTORIA, Cap.six.

241

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway | Diver-sions at Slcipton, Casterton, Sed-

Present Description.

Present Owner reputed Owner.

Present Lessee reputed Lessee.

Present Occupier.

bergh, and Bulk,) Act, 1848."

161

162

163

Field

Farmhouse, Farmyard, Barn, Ship-pon, Outbuildings, Yard, Occupation Road, and Pond.

Garden

belh his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson, Reverend Henry Askew, Reverend Robert William Duncan, Thomas Richmond Gale Braddyll, Reverend William Malone Jukes, Thomas Henry Sutton Sotheron, Richard Greaves Townley, the Reverend William Gale Townley.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing

John Chapman.

John Chapman.

- John Chapman.

3 P

[Loca/.]

242 12° VICTORIA, Cap. x ix.

No. on Plans and Books

of Reference Present Owner Present Lessee

• North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, Sed-horgh, and Bulk,) Act, 1848." Present Description. reputed Owner. reputed Lessee.

Present Occupier.

16J

165

166

167

Field

Field and Occupation Hoad.

Field and Occupation Hoad.

Field and Footpath

Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne bis Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville j unior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his

- John Chapman.

John Chapman, William Hunter, Richard Turner.

William Hunter, John Chapman, Richard Turner.

* John Chapman.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix. 243

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, Sed-bcrgh, and Bulk,) Act, 1848." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. r 1 Present Occupier.

Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Ann his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

168 Field 1 Thomas Bownas _ William Hunter.

169 Field Thomas Bownas - William Hunter.

170 Field Thomas Richmond Gale Braddyll, Reve • rend William Malone Jukes, Thomas Henry Sutton Sotheron, Richard Greaves Townley, and the Reverend William Gale Town-ley. Richard Turner.

171 Field The Reverend Henry Askew and the Reverend Robert William Duncan. Richard Turner.

172 Field and Footpath Thomas Richmond Gale Braddyll, Reverend William Malone Jukes, Thomas Henry Sutton Sotheron, Richard Greaves Townley, and the Reverend William Gale Town-ley. Richard Turner.

173 Wood, Stream, and Footpath. The Reverend Henry Askew and the Reverend Robert William Duncan. Richard Turner.

174 Field Thomas Richmond Gale Braddyll, Reverend William Malone Jukes, Thomas Henry Sutton Sotheron, Richard Greaves Townley, and Reverend William Gale Townley. Richard Turner.

175 Wood The Reverend Henry Askew and the Reverend Robert William Duncan. 1 Richard Turner.

244 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xlx.

No. on Plans and Books

referred to in the *• North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, Sed. bcrgh.and Bulk,) Act. 1848." Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee or reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

176 Field The Reverend Henry Askew and the Reverend Robert William Duncan. - Richard Turner.

177 Field and Footpatli Thomas Richmond Gale Braddyll, Reverend William Malone Jukes, Thomas Henry Sutton Sotheron, Richard Greaves Townley, and the Reverend William Gale Town-ley. Richard Turner.

17S Field The Reverend Henry Askew and the Reverend Robert William Duncan. Richard Turner

179 Field The Reverend Henry Askew and the Reverend Robert William Duncan. Richard Turner.

180 181 Field Field, Wood, and Stream. George Robinson George Robinson Edmund Sedgwick. Edmund Sedgwick.

182 183 184 Field and Stream -Field Field and Occupation Hoad. George Robinson George llobinson George Robinson, Reverend Henry Askew, Reverend Robert William Duncan, Thomas Richmond Gale Braddyll,Reverend William Malone Jukes,Thomas Henry Sutton Sotheron, Richard Greaves Townley, and Reverend William Gale Townley. Edmund Sedgwick. Edmund Sedgwick. Edmund Sedgwick, Christopher Wilson, Richard Turner.

185 186 187 188 Field Field Field and Footpath Field, Footpath, and Occupation Road. George Robinson George Robinson George Robinson George llobinson, Reverend Henry Askew, Reverend Ilobert William Duncan, Thomas Richmond Gale Braddyll, Reverend William Malone Jukes,Thomas Henry Sutton Sotheron, Richard Greaves Townley, and Reverend William Gale Townley. Edmund Sedgwick. Edmund Sedgwick. Edmund Sedgwick. Edmund Sedgwick, Christopher Wilson, Richard Turner.

12" VICTORIA, Capxix. 245

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, Sed-bergh, and Bulk,) Act, 1348." Present Description. Present Owner or reputed Owner. Present Lessee reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

189 Field and Occupation Road. George Robinson Re-verend Henry Askew, Reverend Robert William Duncan, Thomas Richmond GaleBraddyll, Reverend William Malone Jukes,Thomas Henry Sutton Sotheron, Richard Greaves Townley, and Reverend William Gale Townley. Edmund Sedgwick, Christopher Wilson, Richard Turner.

190 Plantation George Robinson - Edmund Sedgwick.

191 Farmhouse, Farmyard, Shippon, Sheepfolds, Garden, and Outbuildings. George Robinson Edmund Sedgwick.

192 Field and Footpath George Robinson - Edmund Sedgwick.

193 Field George Robinson - Edmund Sedgwick.

194 Field, Footpath, and Stream. William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. Edmund Foster.

195 Field Reverend Richard Hodgson. - Christopher Wilson.

196 Field Reverend Richard Hodgson. - Christopher Wilson.

197 Field Reverend Richard Hodgson. " Christopher Wilson.

198 [Loca Field William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his WTife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilson. 3 Q Edmund Foster.

246

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the • North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, Sed-bergh, and Bulk,) Act, 1848."

199

200

202

Present Description.

Field

Farmhouse, Farmyard, Barn, Ship-pon, Outbuildings, and Occupation Road.

Garden

Garden

Present Owner or

reputed Owner.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wil-kinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, JosephSeville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and

Present Lessee reputed Lessee.

Present Occupier.

Edmund Foster.

- Edmund Foster.

Edmund Foster.

- Edmund Foster.

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix

247

of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, Sed-hergh, and Bulk,) Act, 1848."

Present Description.

Present Owner or

reputed Owner.

Present Lessee

reputed Lessee.

Present Occupit

Field, Occupation Road, and Stream.

Garden and Outbuildings.

206

Field, Stream, and Footpath.

Field

Margaret his Wife, Joseph Sevillejunior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Eliza-abeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Sevillejunior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Sevillejunior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Sevillejunior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson.

William Wilkinson, Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wil-

Edmund Foster.

Edmund Foster.

Edmund Foster.

Edmund Foster.

248 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway (Diversions at Stein ton, Casterton, Sed-hergh, and Bulk,) Act. 1848." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee or reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

207 Plantation and kinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. William Wilkinson, Edmund Foster.

208 Stream. Field and Stream - Thomas Nixon junior and Jane his Wife, Thomas Sedgwick, Anthony Wilkinson, John Wilkinson, Mary Gill, James Wearing Sewart and Elizabeth his Wife, Edward Evans and Margaret his Wife, Joseph Seville junior and Anne his Wife, Jane Wilkinson, Alice Wilkinson. Thomas Kendal Thomas Herd.

209 Field and Occu- Thomas Kendal ... Thomas Herd.

210 pation Road. Field, Stream, Foot- Thomas Kendal Thomas Herd.

211 path, and Occupation Road. Field, Wood, and Thomas Kendal Thomas Herd.

212 Stream. Field, Wood, and Thomas Kendal Thomas Herd.

213 Half the Bed of the River Lune, dividing the Counties of York and Westmoreland. Garden and Out- Thomas Kendal Thomas Herd.

214 buildings. Farmhouse, Farm- Thomas Kendal Thomas Herd.

215 yard, Barn, Ship-pon, and Outbuild-ings. Garden Thomas Kendal Thomas Herd.

216 Field and Wood - Thomas Kendal - Thomas Herd.

217 Field and Occu- Thomas Kendal . Thomas Herd.

218 pation Road. Field, Occupation Thomas Kendal

219 Road, and Stream. Field, Wood, Occu- Thomas Kendal Thomas Herd.

pation Road, and Half the Bed of the River Lune, dividing the Counties of York and Westmoreland.

249

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Books of Reference referred to in the " North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, Sed-bergh,and Bulk,) Act, 1848." Present Description. Present Owner reputed Owner. Present Lessee or reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

250 Field, Wood, and HalftheBed of the River Lune, dividing the Counties of York and Westmoreland. Thomas Kendal Parish of Kirkby Ke tidal. Thomas Herd.

1 Field, and Half the Bed of the River Lune, dividing the Counties of York and Westmoreland. The Reverend Thomas Airey. Thomas Wilson,

2 Field, and Half the Bed of the River Lune, dividing the Counties of York and Westmoreland. The Reverend Thomas Airey. Thomas Wilson.

3 Field and Occupa-pation Road. The Reverend Thomas Airey. - Thomas Wilson.

Field and Stream - The Reverend Thomas Airey. . Thomas Wilson.

5 Field, Stream, and Occupation Road. The Reverend Thomas Airey. - Thomas Wilson.

6 Field, Stream, and Occupation Road. The Reverend Thomas Airey. - Thomas Wilson.

7 Garden The Reverend Thomas Airey. - Thomas Wilson.

8 House, Barn, Ship-pon, and Yard. The Reverend Thomas Airey. - Thomas Chapman and Thomas Wilson.

9 Wood The Reverend Tho-Airey. - Thomas Wilson.

10 Garden The Reverend Tho-Airey. - Thomas Wilson.

11 House, Yard, and Outbuildings. The Reverend Tho-Airey. - Thomas Wilson.

12 Field The Reverend Tho-Airey. - Thomas Wilson.

13 Barn and Yard The Reverend Thomas Airey. - Thomas Wilson.

14 Field The Reverend Thomas Airey. - Thomas Wilson.

15 Field The Reverend Thomas Airey. Thomas Wilson.

6 The Lancaster and Carlisle Railway and Works. The Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Company. In hand.

250 12° VICTORIAE, Cap. xix.

No. on Plans and Books or Reference referred to in the • North-western Railway (Diversions at Skipton, Casterton, Scd-bergh, and Bulk,) Act, 1848." Present Description. Present Owner, or reputed Owner. Present Lessee or reputed Lessee. Present Occupier.

17 Field The Reverend Thomas Airey. . Thomas Wilson.

18 Occupation Road - The Reverend Thomas Airey. . Thomas Wilson.

19 Field The Reverend Thomas Airey. - William Sedgwick.

20 Field The Reverend Thomas Airey. William Sedgwick.

LONDON : Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 184!).

8

ANNO DUODECIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

Cap. xx.

An Act for authorizing the Bradford Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

[24th May 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for better 5 & 6 Vict. supplying with Water the Town and Neighbourhood of c. 6. Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York, whereby a Company was incorporated called " The Bradford Waterworks Company And whereas under the Provisions of the said Act the said Company were authorized to raise by the Issue of Shares the Sum of Forty-four thousand Pounds, and to borrow the further Sum of Fourteen thousand five hundred Pounds upon Mortgage for the Purposes of the said Act, and which said Sums have been raised and applied accordingly : And whereas in exercise of the Powers contained in the said Act the Bradford Waterworks Company have constructed extensive Works for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, but the Necessities of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bradford require that such Works should be extended and enlarged, and the Capital which the said Company is authorized to raise under the Powers of the said Act is greatly insufficient to meet the additional Outlay necessary for such Purpose, and it is expedient that the said Capital should be increased, but the same cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it [Locn/.] 3 /S' enacted

254

Powers of recited Act to extend to this Act, except as hereby-altered.

Powers to raise additional Capital by the Creation of new Shares.

New Shares to be considered same as original Shares.

If old Shares at a Premium new Shares to be offered to original Shareholders.

12° VICTORIA, Cup.xx.

enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act, and now remaining in force, (except such as are by this Act repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for,) shall extend to this Act, and to the Objects, Purposes, and Things hereby authorized or required to be effected and done, in the same Manner as if such Provisions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enacted in this Act with express Reference to the aforesaid Objects, Purposes, and Things.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bradford Waterworks Company from Time to Time, by an Order of any Meeting of the Proprietors thereof specially convened for the Purpose, to raise, by creating and disposing of new Shares, in addition to any Sums which they are already authorized to raise under and by virtue of the said recited Act, any further Sum not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand five hundred Pounds, and which said Sum is to be applicable to the Objects and Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That the Capital so to be raised by the Creation of new Shares shall be considered as Part of the General Capital of the said Company, and such new Capital and new Shares shall be subject to the same Provisions in all respects, whether with reference to the Payment of Calls, or the Forfeiture of Shares on Nonpayment of Calls, or otherwise, as if such Capital had been Part of the original Capital, except as to the Number and Amount of the Shares into which such new Capital shall be divided, which shall be subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, and except as to the Times of making Calls in respect of such new Shares, and the Amount of such Calls, which respectively it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company from Time to Time to fix as they shall think fit.

IV. And be it enacted, That if at the Time of any Augmentation of Capital taking place by the Creation of new Shares the then existing Shares of the Capital Stock of the Company be at a Premium, or of greater actual Value than the nominal Value thereof, then the Sum so to be raised shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, be divided into Shares or Stock of such Amount as will conveniently allow the said Sum to be apportioned among the then Shareholders in proportion to the existing Shares held by them respectively, or as near thereto as may be; and an Offer of such new Shares or Stock shall be made by Letter under the Hand of the Clerk of the Company given or sent by Post to each Shareholder, or left at his usual or last Place of Abode; and such new Shares shall vest in and belong to the Shareholders who shall accept the same, and pay the Value thereof to the Company at the Times or Time and by the Instalments which shall be fixed by the Directors of the said Company; and if any Shareholder fail for One Month after such Offer of new Shares to accept the same, and pay the Instalments called for in respect thereof, it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company to dispose of such Shares to any Party willing to become the Purchaser thereof for such Sum as

the

25 5

12° VICTORIA, Cap. xx.

the Company can obtain for the same; and every such Offer made by Letter sent by the Post shall be considered as made on the Day when such Letter shall be committed to the Post Office.

V. And whereas the existing Capital of the Company consists of original Shares of the nominal Value of Twenty Pounds each, and new Quarter Shares of the nominal Value of Five Pounds each, and some of the Proprietors of the last-mentioned Shares hold an uneven Number thereof, and the Division of the Capital by this Act authorized to be raised into Shares of such a nominal Value as would admit of an equal Distribution of such Shares amongst all the Proprietors of the Company would be attended with considerable Inconvenience and Expense : Be it enacted, That so much of the Capital Stock by this Act authorized to be created as the Proprietors of less than Four new Quarter Shares, or of any Number of new Quarter Shares over and above Four, or (as the Case may be) over and above any Number equally divisible by Four, would, but for this Provision, be entitled to receive in respect thereof, shall be disposed of by the Directors of the said Company in such Manner as shall appear to them best adapted for securing to the said Proprietors their relative Proportion of the Value of such Stock.

VI. And be it enacted, That if at any Time of such Augmentation of Capital taking place the existing Shares of the Capital Stock of the Company be not at a Premium, then such new Shares may be of such Amount, and may be issued in such Manner, and may be sold and disposed of at such Price, and payable at such Times and by such Instalments, as the Directors of the said Company shall think fit.

VII. And be it enacted, That any Number of Shares in the Capital of the Company for the Time being, the aggregate nominal Amount whereof shall be equal to the nominal Amount of an original Share in the Capital of the said Company of the nominal Value of Twenty Pounds, shall entitle the Holder of such Shares to the same Powers, Rights, Privileges, and Qualifications in respect thereof as the Holder of an original Share in the said Capital is entitled to in respect of such original Share, and so in proportion for all the Shares held by the same Proprietor.

VIII. And be it enacted, That after the whole of the Capital by this Act authorized to be raised shall have been subscribed, and One Half of the Capital of the Company for the Time being shall have been paid up, it shall be lawful for the Company to borrow on Mortgage such Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be authorized to be borrowed by Order of a General Meeting of the Company specially convened for the Purpose, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, and to secure the Payment of the Sums so to be borrowed, with Interest, by Mortgage of the Undertaking of the said Company.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Mortgages granted under the Provisions of the said recited Act, and which may be in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall have Priority over all Mortgages to be granted under the Powers of this Act.

Disposition of Shares in respect of old 5l. Shares.

If existing Shares not at a Premium new ones to be issued as the Company may think fit.

New Shares to confer same Privileges as original Shares in the Proportion to their nominal Value.

Power to borrow on Mortgage.

Former Mortgagees to have Priority.

256 12° VICTORIA, Cap. xx.

Application

X. And be it enacted, That the Monies to be raised by virtue of of Monies, this ^ct siian be ]ajj 0llt ancj applied, in the first jdace, and in preference to any other Payment, in paying and discharging all Costs and Expenses incurred in passing this Act, and the Residue in promoting the Purposes and Objects of the said recited Act and of this Act.

Nothing

XI. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be

herein to ex- jeeme(] or construed to exempt the said Company from the Provisions pany from of " The Public Health Act, 1848," or of any general Act relating Provisions of thereto, or to the Subject Matter thereof, which may pass during the l i & 12 Vict, present or any future Session of Parliament.

Interpreta-

XII. And be it enacted, That in construing this Act Words import-Xe" ing the Masculine Gender shall include Females, and Words importing

the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

[Short Title.]

XIII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in Parliamentary and legal Instruments and Proceedings it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Bradford Waterworks Amendment Act, 1849."

[Public Act.]

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGIME.

An Act for incorporating the Bury Saint Edmund's Gas Company, and for better supplying the Town and Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's in the County of Suffolk with Gas.

WHEREAS certain Persons some Years since formed themselves into an Association or Company for the Purpose of supplying with Gas the Town and Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's in the County of Suffolk, and for that Purpose erected Gasworks and other Conveniences for the Manufacture of Gas, and laid down Mains and Pipes in the public Streets and Places of the said Town and Borough, at their own Costs: And whereas certain other Persons have lately agreed to form themselves into a Company under the Title of " The Bury Saint Edmund’s Gas Company," and are desirous of being incorporated for the Purpose of more effectually lighting the said Town and Borough with Gas, and of having certain Powers granted to them for carrying on their Undertaking, but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Cap. xxi.

[26th June 1849.]

[Loca/.]

3 T

Advice

r

258

8 & 9 Vict, c. 16. and

10 & 11 Vict, c. 15. incorporated with this Act.

Construction of Terms:

* the Undertaking :*

" Quarter Sessions."

[Short Title.]

8 & 9 Vict, c. 18. incorporated with this Act.

Nothing to authorize Company to take Lands without Consent.

Limits of Act.

Company incorporated.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxi.

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Acts of Parliament following, (that is to say,) "The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and " The Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847," shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act, except so far as the same are inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, or are herein-after expressly varied or altered.

II. And be it enacted, That in construing this Act, and the several Acts incorporated herewith, the Expression " the Undertaking" shall mean as well the Gasworks and other Works connected therewith by this Act authorized to be purchased and constructed, as also the Gasworks, and other Works, Matters, and Things, vested in the said Company by this Act; and the Expression "the Undertakers" shall mean the Company incorporated by this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That the Expression "Quarter Sessions" in the said incorporated Acts shall be construed to mean and refer to the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Borough of Bury Saint Edmutid's.

IV. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Bury Saint Edmund's Gas Act, 1849."

V. And be it enacted, That " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act; and the Provisions of the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act shall be applicable to the Undertaking hereby authorized, except as hereinafter mentioned.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act contained shall authorize the Company hereby constituted to take or use any Land, unless with the Consent of and by Agreement with the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers thereof.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Limits of this Act shall extend to and include all Places within the Town and Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's in the County of Suffolk.

VIII. And be it enacted, That Robert Bevan, George Moor, Francis King Eagle, Charles Beard, David Goldsmith, Henry Newson, and all other Persons and Corporations who have already subscribed or shall hereafter subscribe to the said Undertaking, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall be united into a Company for the Purpose of making and supplying Gas within the Limits of this Act, and for maintaining the existing Gasworks, or erecting new ones, with proper Works and Conveniences connected therewith, according to the Provisions in this and the said incorporated Acts contained; and for the Purposes aforesaid such Company shall be incorporated by the Name of " The Bury Saint Edmund's Gas Company," and by that Name shall be a Body Corporate,

259

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxi.

porate, with perpetual Succession, and shall and may sue and be sued, and shall have Power to purchase and hold Lands, for the Purposes of the said Undertaking.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful Power to for the Company to purchase or hold for the Purposes of the Under- J"ftej*nds taking more than Ten Acres of Land.

X. And be it enacted, That the Capital of the Company shall be Amount of

Twelve thousand Pounds. Capital.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Number of Shares into which the Shares, said Capital shall be divided shall be Twelve hundred, and the Amount of each Share shall be Ten Pounds.

XII. And be it enacted, That Two Pounds per Share shall be the Calls, greatest Amount of any One Call which the Company may make upon the Shareholders, and that Three Fifths of the Amount of a Share shall be the utmost aggregate Amount of the Calls to be made in any One Year upon any Share, and that Two Months at the least shall intervene between successive Calls.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company Power to to borrow on Mortgage or Bond any Sums of Money not exceeding b°rro''r in the whole the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, including the Sum Mortgage of Two thousand five hundred Pounds herein-after mentioned, or so D much thereof as for the Time being shall have been borrowed and remain due, but no Part of such Sum of Four thousand Pounds shall be raised until the whole of the said Capital or Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed for, and One Half thereof shall have been actually paid up.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mortgagees Arrears may of the Company to enforce the Payment of the Arrears of Principal be enforced and Interest due on any such Mortgages by the Appointment of a ^p0f°mt’ Receiver; and in order to authorize the Appointment of such Re- Receiver, ceiver in the event of the Principal Monies not being duly paid, the Amount owing to the Mortgagees by whom Application for such Receiver shall be made shall not be less than Two thousand Pounds

in the whole.

XV. And be it enacted, That the First Ordinary Meeting of the First and Company shall be held within Two Months next after the passing of other Meet-this Act, and the subsequent Ordinary Meetings of the Company inSs-shall be held on the Second Friday in the Months of February and August in every Year, and the First of such Ordinary Meetings shall be held at the Gasworks in the Town and Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's aforesaid, and all such Meetings (whether ordinary or extraordinary) shall be held in the said Town oi Bury Saint Edmund’s.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Number of Shareholders on Number of

whose Requisition any Extraordinary Meeting may be required to be Shareholders convened shall be Five Shareholders holding in the aggregate not ExmmrdT less than Five hundred Pounds in the Capital of the Company. nar, Meet-

XVII. And ing.

260

Scale of Voting.

Number and Qualification of Directors.

Power to vary the Number of the Directors.

First Directors.

The Amount of reserved Fund.

On Payment of 8,500/., the present Gasworks and other Property of the former Company to vest in the new Company.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxi.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Scale according to which Shareholders may vote in respect of their Shares shall be as follows; that is to say,

For One Share or more, but not exceeding Five, One Vote;

For more than Five Shares, but not exceeding Ten, Two Votes;

For more than Ten Shares, an additional Vote for every Five Shares:

Provided always, that no Person shall have more than I wenty Votes, notwithstanding any Number of Shares that he may hold.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions herein contained for increasing or reducing the Number of Directors, the Number of Directors shall be Nine; and the Qualification of a Director shall be the Possession in his own Right of Ten Shares or more in the Undertaking.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company from Time to Time to increase or reduce the Number of Directors of the Company, but the whole Number of Directors, after such an Increase or Reduction as aforesaid, shall not be greater than Nine nor less than Six.

XX. And be it enacted, That Robert Bevnn, George Moor, Francis King Eagle, Charles Beard, David Goldsmith, and Henry Newson, shall be the First Directors of the Company for general Purposes, and John Trevetlian, Henry Le Grice, and Johnson Gedge shall be the First Directors on behalf of the Commissioners herein-after mentioned.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Amount of the reserved or contingent Fund shall be One thousand two hundred Pounds.

XXII. And whereas the said Company hereby incorporated have entered into a conditional Agreement with the said former Association or Company for the Purchase of the said present Gasworks, with the Apparatus, Mains, Service and other Pipes, Meters, Lamps, Posts, and other Articles and Things belonging thereto, for the Price or Sum of Eight thousand five hundred Pounds : Be it therefore enacted, That upon the Execution of a Deed of Conveyance, duly stamped for denoting the Payment of the full and proper Stamp Duty by Law payable in respect of the said Purchase or Consideration Money, and upon Payment by the Company hereby incorporated unto the Persons for the Time being constituting the said former Company or Association of the Sum of Eight thousand five hundred Pounds in the Manner already agreed upon for that Purpose, as well the said existing Gasworks, and all other Works, Buildings, and Conveniences thereto belonging, and all Lands and Grounds held or occupied therewith, as also all and singular the Apparatus, Mains, Service and other Pipes, Meters, Lamps, Lamp Irons, Posts, and all other Matters and Things heretofore the Property of or belonging to and vested in the said former Company or Association, or any Trustee or Trustees on their Behalf, at the Time of the passing of this Act, and all their Estate, Right, and Interest therein, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Company hereby incorporated, and shall be applicable to

261

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxi.

to or for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that all Persons having any Interest, Charge, or Claim whatsoever in or upon the said Gasworks and Premises so agreed to be purchased as aforesaid shall have the same or the like Interest, Charge, and Claim in and upon the said Sum of Eight thousand five hundred Pounds, so agreed to be paid to the said former Association or Company as aforesaid, and that nothing herein contained shall defeat or prejudice the Claims of any Person or Persons upon or against the several Parties who were Members of the said former Association or Company.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in this and the said incorporated Acts contained, it shall be lawful for the Company hereby incorporated to continue the said existing Gasworks, and from Time to Time to construct and maintain such new or other Gasworks and Apparatus, and such Buildings, with Approaches thereto, upon the Lands belonging to the Company, or hereby authorized to be purchased by them, and to do all such other Acts as they shall think necessary for supplying the Inhabitants within the Limits of this Act with Gas, and to supply such Gas upon such Terms as shall be agreed upon between the Company and the Persons supplied therewith, and to sell and dispose of the Coke and other Residuum arising from the Materials used in the Manufacture of Gas, in such Manner as the Company may think proper.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in this and the said incorporated Acts contained, it shall be lawful for the Company to lay any Pipe, Branch, or other Apparatus from any Main or Branch Pipes into, through, or against any Building, for the Purpose of lighting the same, and to provide and set up any Apparatus necessary for securing to any Buildings a proper and complete Supply of Gas, and for measuring and ascertaining the Extent of such Supply.

XXV. And whereas the Commissioners acting under the Authority and in execution of an Act passed in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Bury Saint Edmund’s in the County of Suffolk, and of another Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend, extend, and render more effectual an Act of His late Majesty for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Bury Saint Edmund’s in the County of Suffolk, have consented to the Company hereby incorporated being authorized and empowered to light the said Town and Borough of Bury Saint Edmund’s with Gas in the Manner and upon the Terms herein-after expressed, and also to advance and lend to the said Company by way of Loan as herein-after mentioned the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, in order to increase their Capital, without requiring any Interest to be paid for or in respect of the same: Be it therefore enacted, That in consideration of the Commissioners acting under the Two several herein-before mentioned Acts consenting to the passing of this Act, and to the vesting in the said Company of the several

Power to Undertakers to construct Gasworks, &c.

Power to Undertakers to lay Pipes for lighting Buildings.

Company to supply Gas to the Commissioners at cost Price.

51 G. 3. c. 9.

1 G. 4. c. 61.

262

Company to provide Posts,Lamps, &c. for the public Lights without Charge.

Maximum Charge or Price.

One Third of the Directors to be appointed by the Commissioners.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxi.

Powers and Authorities hereby granted, and upon the said Commissioners advancing to the said Company the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds without Interest, by way of Loan, and an Increase of their Capital as herein-before mentioned, the said Company hereby incorporated shall and may and they are hereby required, from Time to Time until the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds shall be repaid by them, to furnish and supply the said Commissioners acting under or in execution of the said herein-before mentioned Acts with such a Quantity or Amount of Gas as they may require for the Purpose of lighting the public Lamps and public Places within the said Town and Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's at the Price of Three Shillings per Thousand Cubic Feet of pure Gas, to be tested in the usual Manner, so far as the present Mains extend, with a fair and reasonable Addition thereto for any more Mains which may hereafter be specially laid down for public Lights, exclusive of the Expense of lighting, extinguishing, and cleansing the Lamps, which Expense is to be defrayed and borne by the said Commissioners : Provided always, that it shall be competent for the said Company and Commissioners at any Time to make any Alteration in the Price of the Gas supplied to the said Commissioners which may be rendered just and necessary by any Alteration in the Cost of Production, Bulk, illuminating Power, or other Matters connected therewith, as they shall mutually agree upon; and in case of any Difference or Dispute relating thereto, the same shall, with the Consent of both Parties, be referred to some experienced Gas Valuer or Engineer, whose Decision in the Matter shall be final and conclusive upon both Parties, and the Costs of the Reference shall be at the Discretion of the Referee or Arbitrator.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Company shall provide all Posts, Lamps, and requisite Apparatus for the supplying of Gas to the public Lights without any Charge to the said Commissioners, except for the Cost of any Posts, Lamps, and Apparatus required for any additional Mains specially laid down or maintained for public Lights as herein-before provided.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the maximum Charge or Price to be charged to any Person, Company, or Corporation in respect of the lighting of any Building, House, or Premises whatsoever, other than the said Commissioners in their public Capacity, shall in no Case exceed the Sum or Rate of Ten Shillings for every Thousand Cubic Feet of Gas.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to nominate and appoint any of the said Commissioners (not exceeding in Number One Third of the Diiectors of the Company) to be Directors of the Company hereby incorporated, who shall become and act as such accordingly, but they shall not be Holders of Shares in the said Company, nor shall they be at liberty to interfere with the Supply of Gas to any Person, Company, or Corporation other than the said Commissioners in their public Capacity.

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxi.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the herein-before mentioned Acts, or either of them, and they are hereby empowered and required, with all convenient Speed after the passing of this Act, to levy and raise, or borrow and take up at Interest, in the Manner and by the Ways or Means in the same Acts, or either of them, mentioned or provided in respect to the raising or borrowing of Money, on such Conditions in respect to the Payment of Principal or Interest as shall be agreed upon with the Persons lending the same (and over and above the Monies thereby authorized to be raised or borrowed), the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling for the Purposes of this Act, and to lend, pay, and advance such Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, and every Part thereof, to the said Company hereby incorporated, on the Security of the Gasworks and other Property of the same Company, without requiring any Interest whatever for or in respect of the same, or any Part thereof, so long as the said Company shall furnish and supply the said Commissioners with Gas upon the Terms and in manner herein-before mentioned.

XXX. And be it enacted, That every Mortgage, Bond, or other Security for Money, and every Transfer of any Share, Stock, Mortgage, Bond, or other Security for Money, to be granted or made by virtue of this Act, shall be by Deed duly stamped, wherein the Consideration for the same shall be truly stated.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, when so raised and paid by the said Commissioners to the said Company as aforesaid, shall be the first Charge on the Gasworks and other Property of the said Company, and shall have and be entitled to Priority over all other Payments whatsoever; but the same shall not be called in, or be required to be paid off, so long as the said Company shall continue to supply the said Commissioners with Gas upon the Terms and in manner herein-before expressed, nor shall the same be paid in by the said Company without the Consent of the said Commissioners : Provided always, that in the event of the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds being called in or required to be paid off as aforesaid, and of the same being so paid off’, it shall be lawful for the said Company to borrow on Mortgage or Bond any Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds, subject to such Restrictions and Conditions as are herein-before contained with reference thereto.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Shareholder in the Company hereby incorporated shall, by reason only of his holding Shares in the said Company, be disabled from acting or voting as a Commissioner in the Execution of the herein-before mentioned Acts, or either of them, upon any Question or Matter except those relating to the public Gaslights, anything in the same several Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall take away, control, suspend, prejudice, or interefere with any of the Rights, Privileges, Jurisdictions, Powers, and Authorities vested

in

263

Power lo Commissioners to raise the 2,500/, and to lend the same to the Company for the Purposes of this Act.

Mortgages and Transfers to be stamped.

The 2,500/. to be the first Charge on the Works.

No Shareholder to act as a Commissioner relating to public Lights.

Saving the Rights of the Commissioners.

264

Expenses of the Act.

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxi.

in or belonging to the said Commissioners (save and except as herein and in the Gasworks Clauses Act, 184-7, is otherwise provided), and that all such Rights, Privileges, Jurisdictions, Powers, and Authorities shall in all other respects be as valid and effectual as if this Act had not been passed.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expenses attending the applying for and obtaining this Act shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall come into the Possession of the Directors of the Company hereby incorporated after the passing of this Act.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

VICTORIES REGIN R.

Cap. xxii.

An Act to incorporate the Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society; to enable the said Society to sue and be sued, and to take and hold Property; and for other Purposes relating; to the said Society. [V6‘th June 184.9.]

■W ~W TlIEREAS by Deed of Constitution and 'Articles and %/%/ Regulations of the Scottish Amicable Life Assurance T T Society, dated the Nineteenth and Twentieth Days of February in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, and registered in the Books of Council and Session in Scotland the Twenty-first Day of February in the same Year, the Persons therein named and designed, and Subscribers to the said Deed, on behalf of themselves and of the whole other Persons therein referred to, formed and united themselves into a Contributorship and Mutual Assurance Society, under the Name of " The Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society," for the Purpose of effecting Insurances on Lives and Survivorships, and purchasing and granting Annuities: And whereas the said Society have very successfully, and to the Benefit of the Public, carried on and now carry on the said Business at Glasgow, and have in the Prosecution thereof appointed Agents in \_Focal.~\ 3 X other

266

Incorporation of the Society,

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxii.

other Parts of Scotland, and in England, Ireland, and the Colonies: And whereas it would be advantageous to the said Society and beneficial to the Public if the said Society were incorporated for the Purposes aforesaid, with Power to sue and be sued, to invest Monies. and Funds, and to take, hold, and transfer Property and Securities, Real and Personal, and with such other Powers and Privileges as may be necessary for enabling the said Society more effectually to conduct and carry on Business; but these Objects cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society, now carrying on the Business of Life Assurance in its various Branches, and the present and all succeeding Members thereof, shall be and are hereby united and incorporated into One Body Politic and Corporate by the Name and Style of " The Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, with Power to change, break, and make new the same from Time to Time, and shall be entitled to carry on the Business of effecting Assurances on Lives and Survivorships, and purchasing and selling Annuities and Reversions, and in general to carry on all the Business connected with a Life Assurance Society in all the various Branches thereof in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions of Great Britain and Ireland and the Colonies, or elsewhere, and with and under the Conditions and Declarations and Powers and Privileges herein-after set forth, and the Society shall continue incorporated until dissolved In Terms of the Regulations of the Society.

Liability of

II. And be it enacted, That neither the Incorporation of the Society Members of nor anything herein contained shall in anywise restrict the Liability ^continue an3’ *he Members of the Society under any Judgment, Decree, or Order for the Payment of Money which shall be obtained against the Society or any of the Members thereof in any Action or Suit prosecuted by or against the Society in any Court of Law or Equity, but every such Member shall in respect of such Monies be and continue liable as he would have been if the Society had not been incorporated: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Society, in all Policies, Contracts, and Agreements which they may enter into, to make such special Conditions and Provisions, and such Limitations oi the Liabilities of the Members thereof, as the Society may think fit.

III. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall relieve or discharge the Society, or any Member thereof, from any Contract, Responsibility, Debt, Engagement, or Obligation to which the said Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society, or any Member thereof, is now or shall be hereafter liable, but the same shall continue as if the said Society had not been incorporated under this Act; and nothing herein contained shall be held to invalidate or affect the Deed of Constitution and Articles and Regulations of the said Society, or any of the Powers therein contained, or any of the Bye Laws or other Alterations of the Deed of Constitution, made or to be made in

virtue

Contracts anil Obligations and Deed of Constitution and Laws of the Society to remain valid.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxii. 267

virtue of the Powers given by the said Deed, excepting in so far as the same are expressly altered or varied by this Act, or are contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; and the Society and the Directors thereof shall have the same Powers as they at present have, under the said Deed of Constitution and Articles and Regulations and Bye Laws, to make Bye Laws, or new Laws, Rules, and Regulations; and the said Deed of Constitution, Articles, and Regulations, Powers therein contained, and Bye Laws or other Alterations of the said Deed of Constitution, made or to be made, shall be as obligatory on the Members of the Society and all other Persons as if this Act had not been passed, provided the same be not inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, nor contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Business of the Society shall be Place of carried on in a Place of Business within the City of Glasgow or the fnUjp^j^rt0 Parliamentary Boundaries thereof, approved of by the Directors, and a|)p0int local which shall be the principal Office of the Society; and the Directors Directors shall have the Management and Superintendence of the Business and and Agents. Affairs of the Society, and full Power and Authority to purchase or

take on Lease other Places of Business, and to nominate and appoint local Directors and Agents at such Places within Great Britain and Ireland, and the Colonies, or elsewhere, as they shall judge expedient; and the Duties, Powers, and Remuneration of the local Directors and Agents shall be under the Control and Regulation of the Directors.

V. And be it enacted, That all Property, Heritable and Moveable, Property Real and Personal, wheresoever situated at the Time of the passing of v®st®d m this Act, and all Bonds, Bills, Promissory Notes, Dispositions, Mort,- ciety,°and gages, Bonds, and Grants of Annuity, Warrants of Attorney, Convey- existing ances, Assignments, Charters, Sasines, Agreements, and other Deeds Policies and and legal Instruments, and all Assurances, Judgments, Decrees, oth.cr 0bli* or Writings, of what Kind or Nature soever, with the Lands, Subjects, be'v^fd l° Property, Sums of Money, Stocks, and other .Matters and Tilings

therein contained, which have already been taken to or executed or conceived in favour of the said Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society, or of the Directors or any of them, or the Manager, or any Persons, as Trustees or otherwise‘for the Use or Behoof of the said Society, whether the same are held absolutely or in Security, and in general all Estate and Effects, and all Debts, Obligations, Rights, and Interests of every Description belonging to the said Society, or vested in any Person lor the Benefit of the said Society, at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby transferred to and vested in the Society hereby incorporated, as fully as if the same had been made, granted, and taken after the passing of this Act, and the same shall in future be held, managed, sold, granted, conveyed, assigned, leased, released, discharged, sued for, or otherwise used and disposed of by the Society, under the corporate Name of " The Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society," without the Necessity of any connecting or continuing Title or separate Investiture, or Writing or Procedure, other than this Act; and in like Manner all Policies,

Bonds, and other Obligations, of what Nature soever, made, granted’

or

268

Society may sue and be sued.

Funds may be invested in Name of the Society or of Trustees.

Power to lend Money upon Security of hands, and to acquire and bold Lands.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxii.

or issued by the said Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society, or by the Directors and Officers thereof in Name and Behalf of the same, and generally all Debts and Liabilities existing against the said Society at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be valid and subsisting against the Society hereby incorporated, and the Funds and Property of the Society, in the same Manner and as effectually as it this Act had not been passed.

YI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Society, in all Matters and Proceedings whatsoever, to use the said Name of " The Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society," and the Society shall and may by that Name sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, petition and be petitioned against, answer and be answered unto, defend and be defended, prosecute and be prosecuted, in all and every Courts and Court, and charge and be charged in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Colonies, or elsewhere, and shall have Power to issue Policies of Assurance, enter into Contracts, Agreements, and all other Deeds or Writings in any way connected with or relating to the Business or Affairs of the Society, and generally to transact such Business and Affairs in every and any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Colonies, or elsewhere.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Ordinary Directors may when they think proper cause any of the Funds or Property at present laid out and invested to be disposed of, called in, or otherwise converted into Money; and the Money arising therefrom, and the other Funds or Property of the Society, so far as the same shall not be required to satisfy the immediate Claims upon and Expenses of the Society, may be from Time to Time laid out and invested in the Name of the Society, or in the Name of Two or more Trustees on behalf of the Society, in or upon such Securities, Funds, Stocks, Revenues, Property, Estate, or other Investments as are or may be authorized and allowed by the said Deed of Constitution, or by any Bye Laws, Rules, or Regulations made or to be made under and by virtue of the same; and the Ordinary Directors may, when they think proper, cause any of the Funds or Property so laid out and invested to be disposed of, called in, or otherwise converted into Money, and the Money arising therefrom to be again laid out and invested, and so from Time to Time as Occasion may require: Provided always, that it shall be in the Power of the Ordinary Directors to set apart such Sums as they may think proper for answering the current Business and Expenses of the Society, and which Sums shall be kept in such Banks or Banking Companies as the Directors shall appoint.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Society from Time to Time to lend or advance any Monies, or Stock in the Public or Parliamentary Funds, or other Stock or Property, belonging to the Society, upon Mortgage or Security of any Lands, either inFee Simple absolute or in Security or under Reversion, or for any less or other Estate, or upon Mortgage or Security of any Canals, Railways, Rates, Tolls, or other Property arising or being within Her Majesty's Dominions, and to accept of and take from any Persons or Bodies

Politic

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxii. 269

Politic or Corporate Mortgages, Heritable Bonds, Or Bonds and Dispositions in Security, or absolute Conveyances qualified by Back Bonds, or such other Securities as may be thought advisable, upon any such Lands, Canals, Railways, Rates, Tolls, or other Property, as Securities for the Repayment of the Money lent or advanced, and that the Lands, Canals, Railways, Rates, Tolls, or other Property to be comprised in any such Mortgage or Securities as aforesaid shall, according to the l’espective Tenures and Qualities thereof, be conveyed, surrendered, disponed, assigned, or otherwise assured to the Society, or to Trustees for the Society, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to a Proviso for Redemption or repaying or replacing at the Times to be appointed for that Purpose of the Money or of "the Stock so to be advanced, and with Interest upon or in respect of such Money, or an Equivalent for the intermediate Dividends upon or in respect of such Stock, and also with or without additional Provisions or Trusts for the Sale of the Lands, Canals, Railways, Rates, Tolls, or other Property so mortgaged or secured, to take effect in the event of Nonpayment of the Money and Interest, or of the nonreplacing of the Stock and Equivalent for the Dividends thereof, after or within a given Period after the Time respectively appointed for the repaying or replacing of the same in the Proviso for Redemption herein-before referred to, and with or without any other Powers and Provisions as the Society shall think proper or be advised.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Society to Society may institute, bring, commence, and prosecute any Suit, Action, or other b.ring Ac-Proceeding in Her Majesty's High Courts of Chancery, or in any other closure^0/6' Court within the United Kingdom having Jurisdiction in the Matter, Mortgages, for foreclosing the Equity of Redemption of any Lands, Canals, Railways, Rates, Tolls, and other Property which have been or shall be mortgaged or conveyed, surrendered, assigned, or otherwise assured to or in trust as a Security for the Repayment of any Sum of Money, or for the Reinvestment of any Stock which has been or shall be advanced or lent by or owing to the Society, and to obtain and prosecute to the End any Decree obtained in any such Action, Suit, or other Proceeding, and also to purchase or acquire the Equity of Redemption of any Lands, Canals, Railways, Rates, Tolls, or other Property which have been or shall be so mortgaged, conveyed, surrendered, assigned, or otherwise assured as a Secui’ity as aforesaid:

Provided always, that as to any Mortgages or Securities which shall have become absolute or have been foreclosed previously to the passing of this Act, and also as to the Lands, Canals, Railways, Rates,

Tolls, or other Property the Reversion or the Right or Equity of Redemption of which shall be foreclosed, purchased, or acquired as aforesaid under this Act, such Lands, Canals, Railways, Rates, Tolls, or other Property shall nevertheless be sold by the Order or under the Authority of such Courts or of the Society, by public Sale or private Contract, and in such Manner in all respects as the Society shall think proper: Provided also, that the Society shall not be required to sell as aforesaid Property consisting of Money, Stocks, or Funds which are or shall be of the Nature of Personal or Moveable Estate only.

2?0

Limitation of Period within which Lands may be sold.

Society may hold Lands without Licence in Mortmain, subject to Provisions for Sale.

Tables of the Society may be altered by the Directors.

As to the Undertaking of the Liabilities of other As-

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxii.

X. And be it enacted, That the Sale of the Lands, Canals, Railways, Rates, Tolls, or other Property of which the Equity of Redemption shall be or shall have been so foreclosed or purchased or acquired, and which the Society are hereby required to sell as aforesaid, shall not be delayed beyond the Space of Five Years from the Time of Foreclosure, Purchase, or Acquisition thereof as aforesaid being completed, if the same shall take place after the passing of this Act, or within Five Years from the passing of this Act, it the same shall have heretofore been completed, but shall from Time to Time be made and completed within the Space of the said Five Years, as the Case may be, unless, by reason of Objections to Titles, Breach of Contract, or any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding at Law or in Equity, or on any other Account, the Completion of such Sale shall be unavoidably delayed or impeded, in which Case such Sale shall take place within Twelve Calendar Months next after such Impediment shall be removed; and if such Sale shall not be made within such Space of Five Years, or within Twelve Calendar Months after such Impediment shall be removed, such Lands, Canals, Railways, Rates, Tolls, or other Property shall be and become forfeited to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors: Provided always, that the Enactments herein-before contained respecting Sales being required to be made, and Forfeiture in the event of such Sales not being made within a limited Period, shall not apply to any Houses or Property which the Society shall have acquired or shall acquire for the Purposes of their Business.

XI. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions aforesaid, and for the Purpose of securing the Money advanced on the same according to such Provisions as aforesaid, the Society, or any Persons in trust for the Society, shall be able and capable in Law to hold, receive, possess, and enjoy any Lands, Canals, Railway's, Rates, Tolls, or other Property so acquired, either absolutely and irredeemably, or redeemably and under Reversion only, or by way of Security for Annuities, or by way of Mortgage, and shall continue to hold and enjoy the same for the Purposes of and under the Provisions contained in this Act, without Licence in Mortmain, and without being liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Penalties, Forfeitures, or Disabilities, any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Directors, if they shall think it expedient, to alter the Tables of the Society so as to make the same correspond with the Life Tables contained in the Reports of the Registrar General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England already issued, or with such amended Life Tables as may be contained in any future Reports to be issued by him, and to adopt such Life Tables or amended Life Tables in whole or in part for the future Assurances and Transactions of the Society.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Ordinary Directors (Three Fourths of their Number agreeing and concurring) at any' Time, with the Sanction of the Directors, to undertake, on behalf of the Society, the Payment of the Sums and Annuities

respectively

271

12° & 13° VICTORIA'S, Cap. xxii.

respectively assured and granted by any Assurance Company or Society desirous of being dissolved, or of relinquishing the whole or any Part of their Business, and to make such Contracts and Arrangements with any such Company or Society for enabling the Ordinary Directors to complete such Undertaking, and to exonerate the Company or Society so dissolved or relinquishing Business from all further Liability in respect of the Sums and Annuities which the Ordinary Directors, on behalf of the Society, may have undertaken to pay, and to obtain from any such Company or Society a Transfer to the Society of so much of the Funds or Property of such Company or Society, as the Ordinary Directors shall think fit.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all Policies of Assurance, Bonds, Contracts, Agreements, Discharges, and other Deeds and Writings which require to be granted and executed by the Society, may be in Writing or printed, or partly in Writing and partly printed, and shall, after the same have been submitted to and approved of or sanctioned at a Meeting of the Ordinary Directors, be subscribed by any Two of the Ordinary Directors, and by the Manager or such other Officer as the Ordinary Directors shall appoint; and all Policies, Bonds, Contracts, Agreements, Discharges, and other Deeds and Writings so subscribed, shall be good, valid, and effectual, and binding and obligatory on the Society, although not under the Common Seal of the Society, and the Parties receiving the same shall not be bound or required to see that the same have been approved of or sanctioned by the Ordinary Directors as aforesaid; and in all Matters and Proceedings whatsoever, wherein it shall be requisite to make any Declaration or Affidavit by or on behalf of the Society, such Declaration or Affidavit may be made by any One of the Ordinary Directors, or by the Manager or such other Officer as the Ordinary Directors shall appoint, and the same when so made shall be sufficient.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Intimation or Notice of the Assignment of any Policy shall be made either by Exhibition of the principal Deed or Instrument of Assignment, or, if registered in Scotland, of an Extract thereof, and by Delivery of a Copy of such Deed or Instrument, or of an Excerpt of so much thereof as relates to the Policy assigned, or of a Memorandum specifying the Names and Descriptions of the Party assigning and of the Assignee respectively, the Cause of granting or Consideration of the Assignment, the Number of the Policy assigned, and the Date of the Assignment, at the Office of the Society in Glasgow, to the Manager or other Officer acting for him for the Time being, and by a Docquet to be then endorsed upon the principal Deed so exhibited by the Manager or other Officer; or otherwise such Intimation or Notice shall be in Writing, and shall be served by being left in the Presence of a Notary Public and Two Witnesses, with a Copy of the Deed or Instrument of Assignment, at the Office of the Society in Glasgow, or by being given personally to the Manager or other Officer acting for him for the Time being; and every Arrestment in the Hands of the Society shall be served by the Copy and Execution thereof being left at the Office of the Society in Glasgow, or by being given personally to the Manager in Glasgow for the Time being.

surance Companies relinquishing Business.

As to

the Execution of Deeds.

Intimation of Assignments of Policies and Service of Arrestments.

272

Policies to be liable for Claims of the Society against Members.

Execution of Assignments and Discharges of Policies.

Receipts of Persons appointed by the Society to be a sufficient Discharge.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxii.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Policies belonging to any Member of the Society for the Time being, with the whole Profits and Emoluments belonging to the same, and the Interest which he has in the Society, shall be subject to and charged with and the same are hereby declared to belong to the Society, in Security of any Debts that may be owing by him to the Society, and in Security of the Performance and Observance on his Part of the Obligations come under by him to the Society, and the Ordinary Directors are hereby authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of the same as and when they shall think fit, with the Profits and Emoluments belonging thereto; but whenever an Assignation in favour of a lhird Party has been intimated to the Society, no Debt subsequently contracted to the Society by the Member granting such Assignation shall compete with the same.

XVII. And whereas many Persons who reside out of Scotland are now and hereafter may be Members of the Society, and Holders of or interested in Policies, and it would be attended with Inconvenience if Assignments and Discharges of Policies were in all Cases required to be executed according to the Law of Scotland: Be it enacted, That all Assignments and Discharges of Policies shall be valid and effectual if the same be executed by Parties resident in Scotland according to the usual Mode of executing Deeds or Instruments of a like Nature in Scotland, and by Parties not in Scotland either according to the usual Mode of executing Deeds or Instruments of a like Nature in the Places where the said Parties may be residing at the Time, or according to the usual Mode of executing Deeds or Instruments of a like Nature in Scotland or in England.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which any Money shall become payable to the Society, and also in any Case in which any Stock or other Property shall become transferable to the Society, the Receipt of the Person who shall be authorized or appointed by the Society, by any Instrument in Writing subscribed by Two of the Ordinary Directors and by the Manager or other Officer as aforesaid, to receive or accept the same, shall effectually discharge the Person paying or transferring the same from being answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money or Stock, or from being obliged or concerned to see to the Application of the same; and on the Death of any Party entitled to receive from the Society any . Monies in respect of any Policy, such Monies may, on the Application of the Party legally entitled thereto, be paid by the Society (under Deduction of Discount) before the Time when the same would become payable in Terms of such Policy, and the Society shall be discharged by Payment of such Monies to any Person who shall be Executor or Administrator of the Deceased under any Probate or Letters of ^ Administration obtained in England or Ireland or any of the Colonies, or under any Testament Testamentary or Testament Dative obtained in Scotland: Provided always, that in the Case of any Policy forfeited by Nonpayment of the Premium the Ordinary Directors may, if they think fit, allow any Sum not exceeding the Surrender Value of such Policy.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxii.

XIX. And be it enacted, That where any Policy has been granted or assigned to Trustees for or on behalf of any other Person, the Receipt of such Trustees or the Sui’vivor of them for the Sums payable in respect of such Policy shall (unless the Society have received Notice from the Parties beneficially interested in such Policy, or some of them, not to pay to such Trustees or Trustee,) be a sufficient Discharge to the Society, and the Society shall not be bound to see to the Application of the Sums so paid to such Trustees or Trustee.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any Person against whom the Society shall have any Claim or Demand become bankrupt, or apply for or take the Benefit of any Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, it shall be lawful for the Manager or other Officer of the Society, authorized to that Effect by a Minute of the Ordinary Directors, to represent the Society in all Proceedings against the Estate of such Person, or under any Sequestration, Fiat, Process of Cessio bonorum, Trust, or Act of Insolvency against such Person, and to make Affidavit or Declaration and to vote and otherwise act on behalf of the Society in all respects as if such Claim or Demand had been the Claim or Demand of such Manager or other Officer; and an Extract of such Minute, certified under the Hand of any Three Ordinary Directors, shall be taken and received in all Courts whatsoever as sufficient Evidence of the Authority and Right of such Manager or other Officer so to act and represent the Society.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Directors shall not be liable for Omissions, or for the Sufficiency either in Value or Title of the Property or Securities on which the Funds of the Society have been or may be invested, or for the Acts or Intromissions of the Manager, Agents, or other Officers of the Society, or for any other Person intrusted with the Money or Business of the Society, nor shall they be liable singuli in solidum, or for the Acts or Intromissions of each other, nor shall the Directors, by being Parties to or executing in their Capacity of Directors any Policy, Contract, or other Deed or Instrument on behalf of the Society, or otherwise lawfully executing any of the Powers given to the Directors, be subject to be sued or prosecuted, either individually or collectively, by any Person whomsoever, and the Bodies or Goods and Lands of the Directors shall not be liable to Execution of any legal Process by reason of any Policy, Contract, or other Deed or Instrument so entered into, signed, or executed by them, or by reason of any other lawful Act done by them in the Execution of any of their Powers as Directors; and the Directors, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, shall be indemnified by the Society for all Payments made or Liability incurred in respect of any Acts done by them, and for all Losses, Costs, and Damages which they may incur in the Execution of the Powers granted to them, and the Directors may apply the existing Funds of the Society for the Purpose of such Indemnity; and all Acts done by any Meeting of the Directors, or any Persons acting as Directors, shall, notwithstanding it may be afterwards discovered that there was some Defect in the Appointment of any such Directors or Persons acting as aforesaid, or that they or any of them were disqualified, be as valid as if every such Person had been duly appointed and was qualified to be a Director.

273

Society not to be bound by Trusts.

Representation of the Society in Matters of Bankruptcy.

Indemnity to Directors of the Society.

274

Society to be subject to Jurisdiction of Superior Courts in England and Ireland.

Service of Writs and Notices on the Society.

Disputes in reference to any Policy may be settled by Arbitration.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxi'i.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Society shall be amenable to the Jurisdiction of the Superior Courts of Common Law and Equity

at Westminster in reference to any Policies or other Engagements entered into with Parties described therein as of any Place in England, and to the Jurisdiction of the Superior Courts of Common Law and Equity in Ireland in reference to any Policies or other Engagements entered into with Parties described therein as of any Place in Ireland, in the like Manner as if the Domicile of the Society were in England or in Ireland respectively; and that any Judgment or Rule of any of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster, or any Decree or Order of the High Court of Chancery, or of any Court of Equity or Bankruptcy, recovered, made, or pronounced against the Society in such Cases, shall have the same Effect and Operation against the Society as if the same were domiciled in England or in Ireland respectively; and in such Case any Summons or Notice, or any Writ or other Proceeding at Law or in Equity, requiring to be served upon the Society, shall be served in the Manner herein-after provided: Provided always, that the Proceedings in any Action or Suit by or against the Society, or the Officers or any One of the Members of the Society, in which the Merits in respect of the Demand thereby sought to be enforced, or of the Cause of Action or Suit to be determined, shall have been tried and determined, may be pleaded in Bar of any other Action, or in Defence against any other Suit, for the same Cause, Matter, Thing, or Demand, against the Society or any Officers or Members thereof.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That any Summons or Notice, or any Writ or other Proceeding at Law or in Equity, requiring to be served upon the Society, may be served by being given personally to the Manager at Glasgow, or in case there be no Manager, to any One of the Ordinary Directors at Glasgow, or by being left at the principal Office of the Society at Glasgow.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in the event of any Dispute arising between the Society and any Person assured therein, or the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Person, relative to any Assurance or Policy, it shall be lawful to such Person, by a Notice in Writing subscribed by him, and to be served on the Society in the Manner provided by this Act, to require that such Disputes be settled by Arbitration, and to nominate for that Purpose an Arbiter on his Part, and to require that unless the Society shall concur in the Appointment of the Arbiter so nominated by such Person the Society shall nominate and appoint an Arbiter on their Part; and thereupon and thereafter, if the Dispute be in regard to any Policy entered into with any Person who at the Date of such Policy was described to have been resident in Scotland, or in any Place other than England or Ireland, or if the Procedure in the Arbitration shall take place in Glasgow, as herein-after provided, the Nomination of an Arbiter on the Part of the Society, and the whole Procedure, shall be reo-ulated and carried on in the Manner observed in Arbitrations in Scotland, and the Arbiters, in case of Difference of Opinion, shall have Power to appoint an Oversman, and the final Award or Decree Arbitral shall be pronounced within Twelve Months from the last Date of the

Deed

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxii. 275

Deed of Submission; but if the Dispute be in regard to any Policy entered into with any Person who at the Date thereof was described to have been resident in England or Ireland, and the Procedure in the Arbitration shall take place in London or Dublin, as herein-after provided, the Nomination of an Arbitrator on the Part of the Society and the whole Procedure shall be regulated and carried on in the Manner usual in Arbitrations in England or Ireland, as the Case may be, and the Arbiters, in case of Difference of Opinion, shall have Power to appoint an Umpire, and the final Award shall be pronounced within Twelve Months from the last Date of the Deed of Reference or Arbitration: Provided always, that the Person desiring such Arbitration shall give Notice to that Effect previous to any Action or Suit being instituted in any Court in respect of such Dispute, and it shall not be lawful to give such Notice after the Institution of such Action or Suit; and in all Cases of Arbitration the Society shall be bound to appoint an Arbiter or Arbitrator on their Part within Three Weeks after Requisition shall have been served on the Society: Provided also, that the Arbiters or Arbitrators, or Oversman or Umpire, as the Case may be, shall hold his or their Meetings in London or Glasgow, in the Option of the Person desiring such Arbitration regarding any Policy entered into with any Person described therein as resident in England, or in Dublin or Glasgow, in the Option of the Person desiring such Arbitration regarding any Policy entered into with any Person described therein as resident in Ireland, and in Glasgow in all other Arbitrations.

XXV. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts Short Title, of Parliament, and in all legal Deeds, Instruments, and Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society’s Incorporation Act, 1849."

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in this Act the following Words Interpreta-and Expressions shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to tion ot' them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant renns' to such Construction; that is to say,

Words importing the Singular shall include the Plural Number; and Words importing the Plural shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females:

The Word " Lands" shall extend to and include Houses, Lands,

Feu Duties, Ground Annuals, Ground Rents, Patronages, Teinds,

Fishings, Waters, Mines, Minerals, Tenements, Messuages, and Hereditaments of every Description, Tenure, and Quality, and Freehold, Leasehold, Copyhold, or Customary Estates, whether *

in reversion, remainder, or otherwise, situated either in Great Britain and Ireland or in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions:

The Expression "the Society" shall mean " The Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society " incorporated by this Act:

The Word " Directors" shall mean the Ordinary and Extraordinary Directors, including the Presidents and Vice Presidents of the Society:

The Expression "Ordinary Directors" shall mean the Ordinary Directors of the Society for the Time being:

The

2/6 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxii.

The Word " Manager " shall mean the Manager of the Society for the Time being:

The Words " Policy " or " Policies " shall mean and include all Policies of Assurance granted by the said Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society prior to the passing of this Act, or by the Society hereby incorporated after the passing of this Act.

Society not

XXVII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall

Pmvisions'of deemed to exempt the Society from the Provisions of any general

future ge- Act which may be passed during the present or any future Session of neral Acts. Parliament affecting Insurance Companies or Societies formed previous to the passing of such general Act.

[Public Act.]

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGINA.

Cap. xxiii.

An Act to amend and equalize the Rates and Duties leviable at the Port and Harbour of Perth, to authorize the borrowing’ of an additional Sum of Money, and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

[26th June 1849.]

"W ~W T WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of %/%/ the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth and ▼ T the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for enlarging, improving, and HG. 4. & maintaining the Port and Harbour of Perth, for improving the Navi- JM\4. c. 121. gation of the River Tay to the said City, and for other Purposes therewith connected: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the 4 & 5 W. 4. Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty and First Year of the c- 67'

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 1 An Act for enlarging, improving,

‘ and maintaining the Port and Harbour of Perth, for improving the 1 Navigation of the River Tay to the said City, and for other Purposes ‘ therewith, connectedAnd whereas a Third Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act 2&3Vict.

\_Local.~\

4 A

c. 21.

278

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxiii.

to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of Two several Acts of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth and First Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, and Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, for improving the Port and Harbour of Perth, and the Navigation of the River Tay to the said City: And whereas by the said first-recited Act the Commissioners thereby appointed were authorized to deepen the said River Tay from the Ford or Shallow called the Town’s Ford to Friarton in manner therein particularly specified, and to levy the several Rates and Duties for the Use of the said Port and Harbour of Perth contained in the Schedules thereunto annexed, and also to borrow, upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, any Sum or Sums of Money not excee'd-ing Sixteen thousand Pounds Sterling: And whereas by the said second-recited Act the Commissioners thereby appointed were specially authorized to carry into execution the several Works and Operations contemplated and authorized by the said first-recited Act, and in addition thereto to erect a Tide Harbour, a Dock or Docks, either a Dry or a Wet Dock or Docks, with a Canal or Canals, Cuts, Entrances, or other Accesses thereto, and all necessary Works and Conveniences, and also to levy the Rates and Duties contained in the Schedules thereunto annexed in lieu of the Rates and Duties authorized to be levied by the said first-recited Act, and to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the additional Sum of Thirty-four thousand Pounds Sterling upon the Credit and Security of the said Rates and Duties; and it was enacted, that the Time and Period for the Execution of the Works by the said first and second recited Acts authorized to be executed should be extended to the Period of Five Years from and after the passing of the said second-recited Act for deepening and improving the Navigation of the River beyond the P>ounds to which the said first-recited Act applied, and Twenty Years from and after the passing of the said second-recited Act for the Execution of the other Works and Operations, such other Works and Operations being always to be executed upon Lands, Grounds, or Heritages which should be at the Time the Property of the Community of the City of Perth, or of the said Commissioners; and it was also thereby declared not to be competent to the said Commissioners to proceed further in the Execution of the Works and Operations thereby authorized than to deepen and improve the Navigation of the said River Tay, and to form and complete the Tide Harbour thereby authorized to be made, formed, and erected, nor for these Purposes to expend, borrow, or take up at Interest any Sum exceeding the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds Sterling, beyond the Debt then incurred under the Authority of the said first-recited Act, until Compensation should be made or provided for, in 1 erms of the Directions in the said second-recited Act contained for that Purpose, to the Proprietors of Fishings, for any Damage that might be sustained by them in consequence of the Operations and Works executed by the said Commissioners; and it was by the said second-recited Act further enacted, that the Proprietors or Owners of Salmon Fishings situated in that Part of the River Tay to which the Operations authorized by both the said recited Acts extended, and the Lessees, Tenants, or Occupiers of the same, should be entitled to Indemnification for any Loss or Damage which their said Fishings might suffer or sustain in consequence of any such Operations, the Amount of

12° & 13" VICTORIA,

of such Loss or Damage to be ascertained in the Manner by the said Act provided: And whereas by the said third-recited Act the said Commissioners were authorized to borrow, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties leviable at the said Port and Harbour, before Compensation should be made or provided to the Proprietors of Salmon Fishings in manner directed by the said second-recited Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand Pounds Sterling in the whole, over and above the foresaid Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, and in addition to the Debt authorized to be contracted under the Authority of the said first-recited Act: And whereas the said Commissioners have, in pursuance of the Powers committed to them by the several Acts before recited, executed and carried on a Variety of Operations and Works for the Improvement of the Navigation of the said River and the Enlargement and Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Perth, and have also made Compensation to the Proprietors, Lessees, and Occupiers of Salmon Fishings, so far as demanded, for the Loss and Damage sustained by them during the Continuance of the said Operations for improving the Navigation of the River, and also during Five Years or Fishing Seasons immediately succeeding the Termination of such Operations, as directed by the said recited Acts, but no sufficient Provision has been made by the said recited Acts for the Payment of the Compensation to be made to the said Proprietors : And whereas the Tables of Rates and Duties authorized by the said second-recited Act have in some Instances been found defective, unequal in their Operation, and disproportioned to the relative Values of the Goods and other Commodities upon which the same are leviable, as well as to the Lengths of the Voyages made by Vessels charged with Tonnage Dues:

And whereas it would be attended with Advantage to the Public if the Time allowed for the Completion of certain of the Works and Operations authorized by the said recited Acts were extended beyond the Period therein specified, and if the said Commissioners were authorized to borrow and take up at Interest such additional Sum or Sums of Money as may be found necessary for satisfying and paying the Amount of Compensation due to the Proprietors of Salmon Fishings as aforesaid, and if the said Rates and Duties were regulated, adjusted, and equalized as is herein-after provided; but as these Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament,

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Time allowed by the said recited Time for Acts for the Execution of the Works and Operations thereby au- executing thorized to be made, done, and performed shall, excepting as to certain of so much thereof as relates to the Operations for deepening and im- autholiml proving the Navigation of the said River 'lay, be extended, and the by former same is hereby extended, to the Period of Twenty Years from and Acts ex-after the passing of this Act; provided always, that such Works and tcnded-Operations shall only be executed in or upon Lands, Grounds, or Heritages which shall be at the Time the Property of the Community of the City ol Perth or of the said Commissioners.

280

Power to borrow additional Money for Purposes of this Act.

Rights of Proprietors of Fishings reserved.

All Sums to be borrowed on the Security of the Rates and Duties.

New Rates and Duties to be levied.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiii.

II. And be it enacted, That, in addition to the Sums of Sixteen thousand Pounds and Thirty-four thousand Pounds authorized to be borrowed and taken up by the said Commissioners by the said first and second recited Acts, the said Commissioners shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered to borrow and take up at Interest in the Way and Manner provided for in the said recited Acts any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds Sterling, which in so far as necessary the said Commissioners shall be bound to expend and apply for the Purpose of making Compensation to the Proprietors of Salmon Fishings in Terms of the Provisions of the said recited Acts, with the Expenses of ascertaining the same, and the Expenses of obtaining this Act, and to no other Purpose whatever: Provided always, that all Bonds and Assignations in Security granted by the said Commissioners under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, and which shall be in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall have Priority over any Bonds and Assignations in Security to be granted hereafter for the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be held or construed to impair or diminish the Rights of the Proprietors of Salmon Fishings to receive Compensation from the said Commissioners in the Way and Manner provided for in the said recited Acts, or to restrict the Liability of the Commissioners for Payment of the same.

IV. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money which the said Commissioners may hereafter borrow and take up at Interest, under the Powers in the said recited Acts and this Act contained, shall be so borrowed upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and set forth in the Schedules hereunto annexed; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to grant, assign, and set over the said Rates and Duties for the Security of the Party or Parties lending the Money or any Portion thereof; and when any Portion of the Sums of Money already borrowed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, or which may hereafter be borrowed, shall be repaid, the said Commissioners shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered, upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, again to borrow and grant Assignments or other Securities for such Sum or Sums as may be necessary; and the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Pei'th are hereby authorized and empowered to interpose the Security of the City and Common Funds thereof in guarantee of the Repayment of all Sums of Money to be hereafter from Time to Time borrowed by the said Commissioners in the Manner and to the Extent provided in the said recited Acts.

\ . And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful to the said Commissioners and their Servants, and all such Persons as are, shall, or may be commissioned or employed by them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in lieu and instead of the Rates and Duties leviable under the said recited Acts or any of them, to demand and take upon every Ship, Vessel, Boat, Bark, or Lighter coming to or being within that Part and Portion of the

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. win. 281

the Precincts of the said Port and Harbour of Perth which is situated to the Westward, or further up the River Tay than a Line drawn from a Point on the South Side of the said River immediately above the Junction of the River Earn with the said River Tay to the West End of the Dyke or Embankment on the North Side of the said River Tay, forming the Land March between the Estates of Pitfour and Tnchyra, to receive or discharge a Cargo or Part of a Cargo, or sailing in Ballast within the said Precincts, the several Rates and Duties contained in the Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, and also to demand and take from all and every the Owners and Proprietors of all Goods, Wares, Merchandise, and Commodities whatsoever which shall be imported or exported in any Ship,

Vessel, Boat, Barque, or Lighter coming to and within or leaving the said Port and Harbour of Perth, or any Part or Place within the Precincts or Boundaries thereof last before mentioned, or which shall be brought, floated, or conveyed by Water within the said Precincts or Boundaries, or from the Agents, Factors, or Managers of such Owners and Proprietors, the several Rates and Duties which are specified and contained in the Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed, which Rates and Duties hereby authorized and granted shall, after paying the Expenses attendant on the procuring of this Act as after provided, and the Charge of collecting and Management of the Funds thence arising, be applied to and for the Purposes by the said recited Acts and this Act authorized, and all Persons from whom the said Commissioners have borrowed and taken up any Sum or Sums of Money shall have such and the like Security for Repayment over the Rates and Duties hereby authorized as they held over the Rates and Duties authorized by the said second-recited Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Provisions contained in the " Har- Provisions hours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847," with respect to the Rates of 10 & ll to be taken by the said Commissioners, and with respect to the Col- ,Vict c-27-lection and Recovery of Rates, shall be incorporated with and form with This ^ Part of this Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful to the Com- Act. missioners to demand and take the Rates and Duties hereby authorized from and after the passing of this Act, anything in the said

" Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act" notwithstanding, with such Exemptions nevertheless as in the same Act mentioned.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Duties, Rates, Rates on

or Charges chargeable by this Act upon Vessels not entitled to the Foreign Ves-Privileges of a British Ship, or upon Goods imported or exported in reduced to such Vessels, shall not be applicable to Vessels belonging to Countries theURates°on with which Treaties of Reciprocity have been concluded or may here- British Ships, after be concluded, so long as such Treaties shall continue in force, nor where Re-to the Goods imported or exported therein; but the same Duties, Rates, ~procity or Charges shall be levied upon the Vessels of such Countries during shalU^en-such Period as aforesaid, and upon the Goods imported or exported tered into therein, as may be from Time to Time payable by this Act upon Ves- with Foreign sels entitled to the Privileges of British Ships, or upon Goods imported Countries-or exported in such Vessels.

\ HI. And be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Acts Reserving or in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Rights of [Local.] 4 B take

282

the Earl of Kinnoull.

Expenses of the Act.

Provision in first-recited Act as to Limitation of Actions repealed.

Powers of recited Acts extended to this Act.

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiii.

take away, impeach, diminish, limit, change, or affect the Right of Free Port and Harbour claimed by the Right Honourable the Earl of Kinnoull at Bridgend of Perth as a Part and Pertinent of the Barony of Balhousie, in so far as his Rights and Titles shall legally support or establish the same; but nothing herein contained shall be deemed, construed, or taken to exempt Ships, Vessels, Barks, Boats, or Lighters frequenting the said Port of Bridgend of Perth, or Goods imported or exported thereat, from Payment of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed and authorized to be levied.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Expenses of preparing, applying for, and obtaining this Act shall be chargeable upon and defrayed out of the first and readiest of the Rates and Duties levied by the said Commissioners under the Authority of the said second-recited Act or this Act.

X. And whereas by the first-recited Act it is enacted, that no Suit or Action shall be commenced against the Commissioners thereby appointed, or any Person or Persons employed by or under them in the Execution of the said Act, for anything done in pursuance thereof, after the Lapse of Six Calendar Months alter the Fact committed or Cause of Action accrued for which the said Suit or Action shall be brought, and the Defender or Defenders in such Suit or Action may produce and plead the said Act in justification, and if it shall appear that he, she, or they have acted agreeably thereto they shall be assoilzied or acquitted, and treble Costs shall be awarded to be paid to them by the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of such Suit or Action: Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Provisions shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

XI. And be it enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provisions, Obligations, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Matters, and Things in the said recited Acts or any of them contained (save and except such Parts thereof as are varied, altered, or repealed) shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiii

283

SCHEDULE (A.) to which this Act refers.

Hates and Duties leviable on Vessels at the Port and Harbour of Perth.

Rates and Duties.

1. For all Vessels navigating to the Southward of the Tropic of Capricorn - - - £ s. d. 0 1 6 Per Register Ton.

2. Between the Equator and the Tropic of Capricorn 0 1 3 Per Ditto.

3. Between the Tropic of Cancer and the Equator ... 0 1 0 Per Ditto.

4. To and from any Port in North America, and all within the Straits of Gibraltar ... 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

5. To or from any Port to the North of Drontheim in Norway, or to or from Azores, Madeira, or Tene-riffe Islands ... 0 0 7 Per Ditto.

6. To or from any Port between Gibraltar and Dunkirk, including Dunkirk, and from any Port in the Baltic ... 0 0 5 Per Ditto.

7. To or from any Port in Great Britain or Ireland, including the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, Man, the Shetland Islands and Orkneys 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

8. All Vessels employed in the River Tay carrying Goods, and entering the Precincts of the Port or Harbour of Perth 0 0 2 Per Ditto.

9. All Steam Vessels from any Port in Great Britain, or Places enumerated in Number 7., carrying Passengers and their Luggage exclusively ... 0 0 2 Per Ditto.

10. All Steam Vessels employed in the River Tay only, and carrying Passengers and their Luggage exclusively - 0 0 0J Per Ditto.

11. All Steam Vessels carrying Goods and Passengers 0 0 1£ Per Register Ton.

12. All Steam Vessels employed in tugging Ships, Vessels, Boats, Barques, or Lighters - 0 0 1 Per Ditto.

284

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cnjj. xxiii.

13. All Boats entirely open landing or

taking on board Sand, Bricks, Tiles, Stones, Manure, or other Goods or Commodities within the Precincts of the Harbour : If not capable of carrying more than Five Tons Weight If capable of carrying more than Five and less than Ten Tons If capable ofcarrying Ten Tons or upwards ...

14. All Boats entirely open, landing or

taking on board Fish:

If not capable of carrying more than Five Tons Weight Ifcapable ofcarrying more than Five and less than Ten Tons -Ifcapable ofcarrying Ten Tons or upwards -

Rates and Duties. —

£ s. d.

0 0 4 Each.

0 0 6 Each.

0 1 0 Each.

0 1 0 Each.

0 1 6 Each.

0 2 0 Each.

15.

16. 17.

18.

19.

20.

All Foreign Vessels from any of the above-mentioned Ports or Places to pay One Half more than the above Rates.

All Vessels remaining at the Harbour or Quays of Perth more than Two Months to pay One Penny per Register Ton per Month in advance.

All Vessels launched at the Harbour of Perth, or within the Precincts thereof set forth in the Act, to pay One Penny Halfpenny per Register Ton on the Voyage Outwards, if sailing in Ballast, but if loaded in whole or in part, or carrying Passengers, to pay full Dues.

Boats employed solely in conveying Salmon and Grilses from the Fishings in the Tay to Perth to be exempted.

It shall be in the Option of the Commissioners to charge either the Tonnage Dues on the Voyage Inwards or on the Voyage Outwards at the Rates specified in this Schedule; and if the Charge be made on the Voyage Outwards, there shall be deducted from it the Amount of the D ues that may have been previously paid on the Voyage Inwards, but if such Vessels sail in Ballast they shall be charged with the Dues on the Inward Voyage only.

All Vessels not carrying Passengers arriving in the Harbour in Ballast, and departing again in Ballast, shall be liable only in half Dues; but if such Vessels, after arriving in Ballast, shall take in Cargoes or Parts of Cargoes before their Departure, they shall be liable in full Dues.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiii.

SCHEDULE (B.) to which this Act refers.

Rates and Duties leviable upon Goods imported and exported.

Per Weight, Number, or Measure.

£ s. d.

Alabaster ... _ 0 0 6 Per Barrel Bulk.

Ale, strong -Almonds. See Grocery. - 0 0 6 Per Hogshead.

Alum Rock - _ 0 ] 2 Per Ton.

Apples - - 0 0 1 Per Bushel.

Argol - - - - 0 3 0 Per Ton.

Ashes, Pot or Pearl - 0 2 6 Per Ditto.

Ditto, Weed or Woad _ 0 2 6 Per Ditto.

Acetate, or Sugar of Lead - - 0 3 6 Per Ditto.

Bacon or Hams 0 0 4 Per Barrel Bulk.

Barilla ... Bar Iron. See Iron. - 0 2 0 Per Ton.

Bar Wood ... _ 0 2 8 Per Ditto.

Bark, Oak ... _ 0 2 0 Per Ditto.

Ditto, Quercitron _ 0 2 8 Per Ditto.

Ditto, Larch ... Barley. See Corn. Ditto, shelled or pearled. See Corn. 0 1 0 Per Ditto.

Basket Rods Baskets, viz.: - 0 0 1 Per Bundle.

Under Twelve Inches Diameter 0 0 1| Per Dozen.

Twelve Inches Diameter and over Bay Berries. See Berries. Beans. See Corn. 0 0 3 Per Ditto.

Beef or Pork - 0 0 3 Per Barrel Bulk.

Beer, Spruce Berries, Bay, Juniper, Yellow, and 0 0 2 Per Keg.

Cran ... - 0 0 8 Per Barrel Bulk.

Biscuit ... - 0 0 I Per Cwt.

Blacking ... Black Lead. See Lead. - 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Bones and Bone Dust 0 1 8 Per Ton.

Books Bottles of Green or Common Glass 0 0 8 Per Barrel Bulk.

not less than Pints - 0 0 3 Per Gross.

If less than Pints . 0 0 2 Per Ditto.

Bottles, broken . 0 0 6 Per Ton.

Bran ... Brandy. See Spirits. - 0 0 1 Per Quarter.

Brass ... [ZocaJ.J 4 0 c 0 3 Per Cwt.

286

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiii.

Per Weight, Number, or Measure.

Bricks, common & 0 s. 1 d. 0 Per 1,000. Per Ditto.

Ditto, Fire - 0 2 0

Brimstone - - - - 0 0 4 Per Barrel Bulk.

Bristles - 0 1 0 Per Cwt.

Bulrushes - - 0 1 4 Per Load.

Bulls. See Cattle. Butter ... 0 0 2 Per Cwt.

Blubber ... - 0 1 H Per Tun.

Barrels, empty, Herring - 0 0 6 Per Dozen.

Ditto, Hogsheads - 0 1 0 Per Ditto.

Ditto, Tierces, and under - 0 0 9 Per Ditto.

Bychromate of Potash - 0 3 6 Per Ton.

Calves Velves _ 0 0 2 Per Cwt.

Candles ... - 0 0 5 Per Barrel Bulk.

Candle Wick - 0 0 3 Per Ditto.

Cane Reeds - 0 0 8 Per 1,000.

Cards, Tow, and Wool - 0 0 6 Per Barrel Bulk.

Carpets. See Cloth. Cattle, viz.: Bulls - 0 0 8 Each.

Cows ... _ 0 0 8 Ditto.

Calves - - 0 0 4 Ditto.

Horses ... - 0 1 4 Ditto.

Asses and Mules - 0 1 0 Ditto.

Oxen ... - 0 0 8 Ditto.

Pigs ... - 0 0 3 Ditto.

Sheep - - 0 0 3 Ditto.

Lambs ... - 0 0 1* Ditto.

Carraway Seeds - 0 0 8 Per Barrel Bulk.

Caviare ... - 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

Chalk - 0 0 4 Per Ton.

Charcoal, Wood - 0 2 6 Per Ditto.

Ditto, Peat - 0 2 6 Per Ditto.

Cheese ... - 0 0 2 Pet- Cwt.

Chesnuts ... - 0 0 8 Per Barrel Bulk.

China Ware - 0 0 3 Per Ditto.

Cider ... - 0 0 3

Cinnamon. See Groceries. Clay, China, or Pipe Clay, and Fire Clay .... 0 0 8 Per Ton.

Cochineal - - 0 0 8 Per Barrel Bulk.

Cocoa ... - 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

Coffee - - 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

Cocoa Nuts - 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

Copper ... . 0 4 0 .

Ditto, old - 0 3 0

Ditto, Ore - 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

Copperas ... - 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

Coral - - 0 0 8 Per Cwt.

Cordage - - 0 0 H Per Ditto.

Cork ... - 0 0 2

Corn and Meal, viz.: Barley, imported _ 0 0 4 Per Quarter.

Ditto, exported - 0 0 3 Per Ditto.

4

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiii

287

Per Weight, Number, or Measure.

£ s. d.

Corn and Meal, viz.;

Barley, shelled and pearled 0 0 2 Per Bag of 280 lbs.

Beans, imported 0 0 4 Per Quarter.

Ditto, exported 0 0 3 Per Ditto.

Indian Corn ... 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Ditto, Meal - - - 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Malt - 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Oats, imported 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Ditto, exported 0 0 3 Per Ditto.

Oatmeal ... 0 0 2 Per Bag of 280 lbs.

Peas, imported 0 0 4 Per Quarter.

Ditto, exported 0 0 3 Per Ditto.

Rye, imported - 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Ditto, exported 0 0 3 Per Ditto.

Wheat, imported 0 0 5 Per Ditto.

Ditto, exported 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Flour - - - 0 0 Si Per Sack of 280 lbs.

Carrots - 0 0 Per Cwt.

Cow, Ox, or Bull Hair. See Hair. Cows. See Cattle. Cranberries. See Berries.

Crystal - 0 0 8 Per Barrel Bulk.

Culm .... 0 0 6 Per Ton.

Currants. See Groceries.

Coals, Scotch, imported 0 0 H Per Ditto.

Ditto, exported 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Ditto, English, imported 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Ditto, exported 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Ditto, Smithy, imported 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Ditto, exported 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Cinders .... 0 0 9 Per Ditto.

Codilla .... 0 1 6 Per Ditto.

Cloth—Brown or bleached Linens, viz.:

Osnnburghs ... 0 0 6 Per Barrel Bulk.

Sheeting ... 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Dowlas ... 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Ducks ... 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Raven Ducks ... 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Ticklenburghs ... 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Drillings and Shirtings 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Silesias ... 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Sail Cloth 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Bagging of all Kinds, 34 Inches

and under ... 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Bagging of all Kinds, above 34

Inches ... 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Pimento Bagging 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Tarpaulings ... 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Browns ... 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Sacks, made ... 0 0 1 Per Twenty.

Cloth iery ... 0 0 8 Per Barrel Bulk.

Haberdashery, comprehending

Cotton and Silk Goods 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

Hosiery ... 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

Cement .... 0 0 5 Per Ditto.

288

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.\x\n.

Rates and Duties. Per Weight, Number, or Measure.

Coaches, Chaises, Gigs, and other similar Carriages, viz.:

Mail and Stage Coaches Private Coaches and Chariots -Post-chaises and Britzkas Phaetons -

Gigs -Cotton Wool -

Cigars -

Caoutchouc -

Catch -

Drugs -

Dogs, Sporting -

Other than Sporting

Earthenware -

In Bulk -

Eggs -

Elephants Teeth -

Emery Stones -

Feathers -

Farina -

Figs. See Groceries.

Fish Oil. See Oil.

Flint Stones -

Flower Roots -

Furriers Waste -

Flax -

Fish, salted, dry -

Game -

Garden Seeds. See Seeds.

Geneva. See Spirits.

Ginger -

Preserved -

Glass -

Glass, broken -

Glue -

Goats Hair. See Hair.

Grapes,

Grease -

Groceries, viz.;

Almonds -

Cinnamon -

Currants -

Figs - .

Pepper -

Pimento -

Plums

Prunes

Raisins

Ginseng - *

Gunpowder -

£ s. d.

0 12 6 0 10 0

0 7 0 5 0 3

0 0 0 1

0 3 2 0

0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 4

0 0 l£

0 0 1J

0 0 4'

0 0 8

o o n

0 0 8 0 2 0

0 0 6 0 0 8 0 0 4

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 1 0

0 0 8 0 0 8 0 0 8 0 0 6 0 0 2

0 0 8 0 0 8 0 0 8 0 0 8 0 0 8 0 0 8 0 0 8 0 0 8 0 0 8 0 0 8 0 0 8

Each.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Per Cwt.

Per Barrel Bulk. Per Cwt.

Per Ton.

Per Barrel Bulk. Each.

Ditto.

Per Barrel Bulk. Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Cwt.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Ton.

Per Ton.

Per Barrel Bulk. Per Ton.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Barrel Bulk.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Crate.

Per Ton.

Per Cwt.

Per Barrel Bulk. Per Ton,

Per Barrel Bidk. Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per 100 lbs.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiii

289

Per Weight, Number, or Measure.

£ s. d.

Gutta Percha - 0 0 3 Per Cwt.

Guano -Hair, viz.: 0 1 8 Per Ton.

Cow, Ox, or Bull 0 0 3 Per Cwt.

Goats Hair or Wool 0 0 3 Per Ditto.

Horse - 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

Plasterers - - - 0 0 n Per Ditto.

Hair Powder ... 0 0 8 Per Barrel Bulk.

Hardware .... 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

Hats - 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Hay .... 0 1 4 Per Ton.

Hemp, rough ... 0 2 0 Per Ditto.

Herrings .... 0 0 2 Per Barrel.

Hides, dry - 0 2 8 Per Ton.

Salted ... 0 1 4 Per Ditto.

Honey .... 0 0 8 Per Barrel Bulk.

Hoops, Wooden ... 0 2 0 Per 1,000.

Ditto, Iron .... 0 2 0 Per Ton.

Hops .... 0 0 8 Per Pocket.

Horns, Slugs, and Tips Horse. See Cattle. 0 0 n Per 1,200.

Household Furniture, new - 0 0 4 Per Barrel Bulk.

Old - Husbandry Utensils, viz.: Waggons with Four Wheels 0 0 2 Per Ditto.

0 3 0 Each.

Carts .... 0 1 6 Ditto.

Ploughs ... 0 0 6 Ditto.

Harrows ... 0 0 6 Per Pair.

Barrows ... 0 0 3 Each.

Other Husbandry Utensils 0 0 3 Per Barrel Bulk.

Hurdles .... Indian Corn or Meal. See Corn. 0 2 0 Per 100.

Indigo .... Iron, viz : 0 1 4 Per Barrel Bulk.

Bar, Plate, Bolt, and Rod Forged and Rail Iron and Wire 0 1 8 Per Ton.

0 2 6 Per Ditto.

Made Work -Hoops. See Hoops. 0 2 6 Per Ditto.

Old .... 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

Cast, Goods - - - 0 1 0 Per Ditto.

Old broken, or Cast 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Pig .... 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Iron Liquor ... 0 0 6 Per Cask.

Junk, old .... Juniper Berries. See Berries. 0 0 8 Per Ton.

Ivory .... 0 0 8 Per Cwt.

Ink .... 0 0 5 Per Barrel Bulk.

Kelp .... 0 0 8 Per Ton.

Lack Dye .... 0 0 4 Per Barrel Bulk.

Lard .... 0 2 8 Per Ton.

Lntten Black ... [Local.] 4 0 D 2 8 Per Ditto.

290

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiii

Rates and Duties.

Lead £ 0 s. 1 d. 0

Black - . . 0 0 8

Ore . _ 0 1 4

Red and White • _ 0 1 8

Shot • - 0 1 8

Leather, Tanned - - 0 2 6

Dressed - - 0 s 6

Other Kinds . - 0 0 4

Lemons - - 0 0 6

Limes - _ 0 0 6

Linseed. See Seed. Ditto Oil. See Oil. Linseed Cake 0 1 8

Lime - - 0 0 6

Luggage - « - 0 0 8

Liquor, Yellow _ . 0 0 6

Red • 0 (I 6

Madder 0 2 8

Ditto Roots - - 0 2 0

Malt. See Corn. Manganese - 0 1 4

Marble . 0 1 4

Matts, Bass • 0 0 8

Meal, Indian. See Corn. Medicines - 0 1 0

Mill Waste - _ 0 0 4

Mohair Yarn _ 0 0 3

Molasses 0 0 6

Morels . 0 0 6

Moss, Rock _ 0 2 0

Mum - 0 2 8

Manure, common . _ 0 0 2

Ditto, artificial of all Kinds herein particularly enumerated not 0 1 0

Meal. See Corn. Machinery - . 0 0 4

Musical Instruments - - 0 0 8

Nitrate of Lead . 0 3 6

Nuts - o o 3

Nutmegs - 0 1 4

Oakum _ o 1 2 4

Oats. See Corn. Oatmeal. See Corn. Oil, Linseed 0 0

Palm - - 0 2 0

Rape - . 0 2 0

Turpentine - 0 2 0

Sperm - 0 2 0

Vitriol . 0 0 3

Whale or Train - 0 1 6

Cake - - 0 1 8

Ochre - 0 2 8

Per Weight. Number, or Measure.

Per Ton.

Per Barrel Bulk. Per Ton.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Barrel Bulk. Per Chest.

Per Cask.

Per Ton.

Per Ditto.

Per Barrel Bulk. Per Cask.

Per Ditto.

Per Ton.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per 100.

Per Barrel Bulk. Per Ton.

Per Cwt.

Per Puncheon. Per Cwt.

Per Ton.

Per Ton.

Per Ditto.

Per Ditto.

Per Barrel Bulk. Per Ditto.

Per Ton.

Per Barrel Bulk. Per Cwt.

Per Ton.

Per Tun. Per Ditto. Per Ditto. Per Ditto. Per Ditto. Per Bottle. Per Tun. Per Ton. Per Ditto.

I!

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiii. 2.91

Per Weight, Number, or Measure.

Onions £ 0 s. 0 d. 1 Per Bushel.

Oranges - - 0 0 6 Per Chest.

Orcliilla Weed - - 0 2 8 Per Ton.

Ore of Iron. See Iron. Ore of Lead. See Lead. Paper, viz.: Writing and Printing 0 0 8 : , Per Barrel Bulk.

Packing - - 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Pearl Barley. See Corn. Pease. See Corn. Pelts 0 2 8 Per Ton.

Pepper. See Groceries. Perry 0 0 3 Per Barrel Bulk.

Pig Iron. See Iron. Pigs. See Cattle. Pigheads 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Pimento. See Groceries. Pitch 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Plaster of Paris - - 0 1 4 Per Ton.

Plums. See Groceries. Pumice Stones 0 •1 4 Per Ditto.

Pork. See Beef. Porter . 0 0 6 Per Hogshead.

Potatoes - - 0 1 0 Per Ton.

Powder of Lead. See Lead. Prunellos - 0 0 8 Per Barrel Bulk.

Prunes. See Groceries. Peats . 0 0 6 Per Ton.

Prussiate of Potash - - - 0 0 3 Per Cwt.

Quercitron Bark. See Bark. Quills - - 0 1 0 Per Barrel Bulk.

Rags, Linen _ 0 1 0 Per Ton.

Other Rags, old Ropes, old Leather and 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

Raisins. See Groceries. Rape Cake - 0 1 8 Per Ditto.

Rape Seed. See Seed. Red Lead. See Lead. Rice 0 0 6 Per Barrel Bulk.

Rock Moss. See Moss. Rosin 0 0 3 Per Barrel.

Rum. See Spirits. Rye. See Corn. Salt 0 1 0 Per Ton.

Rock - - - 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

Saltpetre - - 0 0 6 Per Barrel Bulk.

Seed, viz.: Flax and Rape Seed . 0 0 8 Per Hogshead.

Ditto Ditto - - 0 0 4 Per Barrel.

Ditto Ditto in Bulk - 0 0 5 Per Quarter.

Ditto Ditto in Bags - 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

292

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiii

Per Weight, Number, or Measure.

£ s. d.

Seed, viz.:

Clover - - - 0 0 8 Per Bag.

Rye Grass - - 0 0 4 Per Quarter.

Hemp - . - 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Canary - - 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Garden - - 0 0 8 Per Bag.

Sheep. See Cattle.

Shumack - - 0 2 0 Per Ton.

Skins, viz.:

Calf - . _ 0 0 4 Per Score.

Sheep - - - 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Deer - - - 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Kid - - - 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Lamb - - - 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Seal - - 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Slates, viz.: Under Size 0 1 2 1,200. Per Ditto.

Sizeable - - 0 1 8 Per Ditto.

Over Size _ _ 0 ‘2 8 Per Ditto.

Slate Pencil and Slates - _ 0 0 6 Per Barrel Bulk.

Smelts - - 0 0 3 Per Cwt.

Snuff' - - 0 0 10 Per Barrel Bulk.

Soap - - 0 2 0 Per Ton.

Soapers Waste - - 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Spermaceti - - - 0 2 8 Per Ton.

Stones, viz.:

Ruble Freestone - _ 0 0 1 Per Ditto.

Hewn Ashlar Freestone • 0 0 3 Per Ditto.

Rough Ashlar Freestone - 0 0 2 Per Ditto.

Ruble Causeway - - 0 0 1 Per Ditto.

Causeway, dressed - - 0 0 2 Per Ditto.

Pavement - - 0 0 2 Per Ditto.

Curb - - 0 0 2 Per Ditto.

Foreign Grave Stones - 0 6 8 Each.

Home Grave Stones - _ 0 s 4 Ditto.

Scythe Stones - - 0 0 1 Per Score.

Grind Stones - - - 0 0 4 Each.

Mill Stones - - 0 2 0 Ditto.

Spirits, Foreign - - 0 0 8 Per Barrel Bulk.

British - - 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Starch - 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Steel - - 0 2 G Per Ton.

Sugar, raw and refined, in Barrels - 0 1 8 Per Ditto.

Refined, loose - - 0 2 8 Per Ditto.

Soda, Bleaching Powder, Soda, and Alkali Nitrate of 0 1 8

Stucco - - 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

Smalts - - 0 0 6

Salmon, packed in Boxes - - 0 1 0

Unpacked - - - 0 0 9 Per Cwt.

Tallow - 0 2 0

Tamarinds - _ 0 0 4

Tanners Waste and Scrows - 0 0 6 Per Ton.

i ar - - 0 0 4 Per Barrel.

1*2° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiii. 293

£ s. d.

- 0 0 6 Per Chest.

Thread ... - 0 0 6 Per Barrel Bulk.

Tin of a!! Kinds - 0 2 8 Per Ton.

Tobacco (except Cigars) - 0 0 8 Per Barrel Bulk.

Tongues, smoked - 0 0 2 Per Dozen.

Pickled - 0 0 6 Per Barrel.

Tortoiseshell - 0 0 8 Per Cwt.

Tow - - 0 1 6 Per 'I on.

Toys ... - 0 0 6 Per Barrel Bulk.

Treenails - - 0 0 4 Per 1,000 Feet.

Turmeric - _ 0 0 6 Per Barrel Bulk.

Twine - - 0 0 $ Per Cwt.

Tiles, Roof - - 0 1 3 Per 1,000.

Drain _ 0 1 0 Per Ditto.

Turnips - Tree Plants packed in Mats - - 0 0 6 Per Ton.

- 0 0 H Per Barrel Bulk.

Valonia - - - _ 0 2 8 Per Ton.

Vases or sculptured Marble - 0 2 0 Per Barrel Bulk.

Verdigris - 0 2 8 Per ion.

Vermilion - - - - 0 0 8 Per Cwt.

Vinegar - - -Vitriol. See Oil. " 0 0 6 Per Barrel Bulk.

Willow Reeds 0 0 1 Per Bundle.

Wine in Casks - 0 0 8 Per Barrel Bulk.

In Bottles - 0 0 4 Per Ditto.

Whalebone, dressed and undressed Wood, Foreign, viz.: " 0 2 0 Per Ton.

Batons - 0 1 6 Per Load of 50 Cubic Feet.

Boards, Oak or Wainscot - 0 2 0 Per Ditto.

Boards, Paling - 0 0 H Per 120.

Deals - - 0 1 6 Per Load of 50 Cubic Feet.

Deal Ends - 0 1 0 Per Ditto.

Fire Wood - 0 0 H Per Fathom.

Handspikes - 0 0 4 Per 120.

Laths - - - -Masts, Yards, or Bowsprits, viz: 6 Inches Diameter and under 0 0 8 Per Fathom.

8 Inches - - -8 Inches Diameter and under 0 1 0 Per Load of 50 Cubic Feet.

12 Inches - -* 12 Inches Diameter, and up- 0 1 6 Per Ditto.

wards - 0 2 0 Per Ditto.

Oak Planks - 0 1 8 Per Ditto.

Oars and Oar Rafters - 0 1 0 Per 120.

Rickers, Boat-hooks, and Hooks 0 1 0 Per Ditto.

Spars - - 0 1 6 Per Load of 50 Cubic Feet.

Cartwheel Spokes •Staves, Pipe, above SO Inches 0 0 3 Per GO Pieces.

long - - - - 0 1 1 Per 120.

50 Inches long and under - Ditto, Hogshead, 50 Inches long 0 0 8 Per Ditto.

and under [Local.] 4 0 E 0 4 Per Ditto.

294

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiii,

Per Weight, Number, or Measure.

£ s. d.

Wood, Foreign, viz.:

Staves, Barrel, and all under 50 Inches long - - - 0 0 1* Per 120.

Ditto, Pipe, from any of British Plantations, above Inches long - the 50 0 0 11 Per Ditto.

SO Inches long and under - 0 0 7 Per Ditto.

Fir - . 0 1 4 Per Load of 50 Cubic Feet.

Oak - . 0 1 8 Per Ditto.

Pine - - 0 1 4 Per Ditto.

Hardwood - 0 1 8 Per Ditto.

Ufers - - 0 1 0 Per Ditto.

Wainscot Logs - - 0 1 8 Per Ditto.

Delivered by Weight; viz.:

Bar Wood - 0 2 0 Per Ton.

Box Wood - 0 2 0 Per Ditto.

Brazil Wood - 0 2 8 Per Ditto,

Cam Wood . 0 2 8 Per 'l'on.

Ebony - - 0 2 0 Per Ditto.

Fustic - - - - 0 2 0 Per Ditto.

Lignum Vitae - 0 2 0 Per Ditto

Logwood - 0 2 8 Per Ditto.

Mahogany - 0 2 8 Per Ditto.

Nicaragua Wood - 0 2 8 Per Ditto.

Red Wood - 0 2 8 Per Ditto.

Sassafras . 0 2 8 Per Ditto.

Wood, Home, viz.:

Fir - 0 0 6 Per Load of 50 Cubic Feei.

Hardwood - 0 0 9 Per Ditto.

Fir, Planks and Deals - - 0 0 6 Per Ditto.

Hardwood, Planks and Deals . 0 0 9 Per Ditto.

Cartwheel Spokes - 0 0 H Per 60 Pieces.

Hogshead Staves - 0 2 0 Per 1,000. Per Ditto.

Barrel Staves - - 0 1 0

Pit Props - 0 0 1 Per Dozen.

Wool (other than Cotton Wool) . 0 0 3 Per Cwt.

Worsted Yarn. (See Yarn.)

Whitening - - 0 0 8 Per Ton.

Yarn, viz.:

Lint - 0 2 0 Per Ditto.

Cotton - 0 1 6 Per Ditto.

Tow - 0 1 3 Per Ditto.

Hemp - 0 1 3 Per Ditto.

Worsted - • 0 0 3 Per Cwt.

Yeast ... 0 0 9 Per Puncheon.

All Goods not specified in the above Schedule to be chargeable in proportion to other Goods of similar Hulk and Value above enumerated.

The Rates and Duties allowed for any general Description of Goods in the above Table shall not apply to such Articles falling under the general Description as are therein specially mentioned, and for which separate Rates and Duties are granted.

All

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cajj.xxiii.

All Passengers Luggage accompanying the Owners in Steam Vessels employed in the River Tay are exempted from Dues.

AH Linen and Cotton Cloth imported solely for the Purpose of being bleached and exported to be chargeable only with Three-pence per Barrel Bulk at Import, and the like Rate at Export.

All Goods having paid Dues Outward are exempted from Dues when brought Inwards, if they be returned Goods to the original Shipper, and in the original State.

All returned empty Boxes, Barrels, Bags, Sacks, Packages, and Pack Sheets are exempted from Dues.

Five Cubic Feet, not exceeding Two and One Half Hundred Weight, to be rated a Barrel Bulk; but when the Weight of Five Cubic Feet is greater than Two and One Half Hundred Weight, then Two and One Half Hundred Weight to be rated a Barrel Bulk.

In weighing or measuring Goods, the Weight or Measurement of the Packages is to be included.

All Goods shipped overside to pay Half Dues only.

Salmon imported from Fishings in the Tay to be exempted from Payment of any Dues on Import, provided the same be reshipped at the Port.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

: V'O'

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. xxiv.

An Act to amend an Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for embanking, draining, and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Ramsey in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Bemvick, Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, so far as relates to the Lower or Fifth District, and to annex other Lands thereto.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An 12G.3. c. 26. Act for embanking, draining, and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Ramsey in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Benwick, Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge, and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter’s Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuyden’s or the Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called the Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey; and by the said Act the 4 F said

298

Certain Parts of recited Act repealed.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiv.

said Fen Lands and Low Grounds are divided into Two separate Districts for embanking the River Nene, called respectively the " Upper District or Division " and the " Lower District or Divisionand by the said Act the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds are further divided into Five Districts for draining, called respectively the First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts or Divisions; and by the said Act separate Commissioners are appointed, so far as relates to embanking the said Upper District or Division, and also separate Commissioners for each of the said First, Second, Third, and Fourth Districts or Divisions, so far as relates to the draining of the same Districts or Divisions respectively, and also separate Commissioners so far as regards as well the embanking as the draining of the said Lower District or Division and the said Fifth District or Division, which are in fact one and the same District: And whereas the Commissioners of the said Lower or Fifth District or Division are by the said Act empowered to assess, rate, tax, and charge the several Owners and Occupiers of all and singular the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said District or Division by and with an equal and proportional Tax or Assessment not exceeding One Shilling per Acre for embanking, and also by and with an equal and proportional Tax or Assessment not exceeding Two Shillings per Acre for draining the same District or Division: And whereas the Funds and Monies authorized to be levied by the said recited Act by the Commissioners of the said Lower or Fifth District or Division for draining the same are insufficient to provide for the erecting and upholding of Engines and other Works of Drainage proper and sufficient for that Purpose, and for the due Execution of the said Act, so far as the same relates to the draining of the same District or Division j and it is expedient that the Commissioners should be empowered to levy and raise further Funds for that Purpose, and that the Fen Lands and Low Grounds mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, which adjoin and abut immediately upon the said District or Division, or some Part or Parts thereof, and which are not otherwise drained than as the Waters therefrom run or soak away into the said District or Division, should be included in the same District or Division, and the Owners and Occupiers thereof made liable to be taxed and charged by the Commissioners of the said Lower or Fifth District or Division, and that some of the Provisions of the said Act, so far as the same relate to the said District or Division, should be altered, amended, and enlarged; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of same, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts that certain Parts of the Lands and Grounds therein described shall be called " The Lower District or Division," and also so much thereof as enacts that certain Parts of the Lands and Grounds therein described shall be called " The Fifth District or Division and also so much of the said recited Act as empowers the Commissioners of the said Lower or Fifth District or Division, or any Five or more of them assembled at any of their Meetings, to divide the same District or Division into Three or more Subdivisions for draining the same, and for that Purpose to make

299

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CV.xxiv.

and erect Dams, Banks, Engines, and other Works for the Benefit of such Subdivisions; and also so much of the said Act as authorizes the Commissioners of the said Lower or Fifth District or Division to levy and assess a Tax not exceeding One Shilling per Acre on the several Owners and Occupiers of the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the same District or Division, for embanking the said lliver Nene against the said Lower or Fifth District or Division; and also so much of the said Act as authorizes the Commissioners of the said Lower or Fifth District or Division, or any Seven or more of them, to borrow, take up, and receive any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Four thousand Pounds on the Credit of the said Tax of One Shilling per Acre; and also so much and such Parts of the said Act as relate to Meetings of the Commissioners of the said Lower or Fifth District or Division, or to the Time and Place of holding the same, or to the Mode of calling or convening the same; and also so much and such Parts of the said Act as require Notices of the Days of Payment of the Rates, Taxes, and Assessments to be rated, taxed, or assessed upon the several Owners and Occupiers of the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said Lower or Fifth District or Division to be affixed on the Church Door of Ramsey; and also so much of the said Act as imposes a Penalty of Two-pence for every Shilling of the Taxes authorized to be assessed and levied by the said recited Act in case of Default in Payment thereof within Two Calendar Months after a personal Demand made thereof by the Collector; and also such Parts of the said Act as provide that the Plaintiff, in any Action for any Irregularity, shall not recover if Tender of Amends shall have been made as therein mentioned, and which renders the Plaintiff in case of a Nonsuit liable to Double Costs; and also so much of the said Act as exempts Mortgages, Assignments, or other Securities for borrowing Money, and Contracts and Agreements under the Hands or under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, and Transfers of Mortgages, Assignments, or other Securities and Bonds taken from any Officer or his Sureties in pursuance of the said recited Act for the due Execution of his Office, and any other Writing whatever concerning the Execution of the said recited Act, (except the Nomination or Appointment of Commissioners or Deputy Commissioners,) from Stamp Duty; and also so much of the said Act as directs that the Clerk, Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, or other Officers should account upon Oath; and also so much of the said recited Act as enacts that if any Person or Persons should wilfully and maliciously burn, cut, break down, destroy, or advise with, counsel, or employ any Person to burn, cut, break down, or otherwise destroy, any Bank, Mill, Engine, Floodgate, or Sluice, made or to be made for the Purpose of draining and preserving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and being thereof convicted, should be guilty of Felony, and be transported for Seven Years; and also all such Part and Parts of the said recited Act as relate to the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties by the said Act imposed, and to which any Person or Persons were thereby made liable; and also such Part of the said recited Act as limits the Time within which any Action, Suit, or Information may be commenced or prosecuted for anything done or to be done in pursuance of the said Act, and as concerns the Pleadings and Costs in any such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be and the same several

Parts

300 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiv.

Parts of the said recited Act, so far as the same relate to or concern the said Lower or Fifth District or Division, are hereby repealed.

Provisions of

II. And be it enacted, That the said recited Act, and all and recited Act every the Clauses, Enactments, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, to remain in penaities. Matters, and Tilings therein contained, so far as they respec-as'altered^y tively 'elate to tl,e said Lower or Fifth District or Division, or the this Act. Qualification or Appointment of Commissioners or Deputy Commissioners thereof, and so far as the same respectively stood in force at or immediately before the passing of this Act, shall henceforth remain and continue in force, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act, except only such Provisions of the said recited Act as are by this Act repealed, varied, or altered, or are inconsistent therewith.

New Titles

III. And be it enacted, That the said Lower or Fifth District or of District Division shall henceforth, as well for the Purposes of this Act as for and Commis- aq otjiei. purp0ses whatsoever, be called the " Ransonmoor Drainage District," and the Commissioners thereof, to be qualified, authorized, and appointed as by the said recited Act is provided and required with respect to Commissioners of the said Lower or Fifth District or Division, shall be called the " Ransonmoor Drainage Commissioners;" and when and so often as in this Act the Word District is herein-after mentioned or used, the same shall be held to mean the said Ransonmoor Drainage District, and when and so often as in this Act the Word Commissioners is herein-after mentioned or used, the same shall be held to mean the Ransonmoor Drainage Commissioners, unless there be something either in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Meaning or Construction.

Regulations

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall hold for Meetings a General Meeting for the Purpose of carrying this Act and the said sione°is'm S" rec'te^ Act, as hereby altered and amended, so far as the same relates to the said District, into execution, at some convenient Time and Place in Doddington aforesaid, on the Fourth Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, and shall hold a General Meeting in every Year on the Third Wednesday in the Month of May, at some convenient Place in Doddington aforesaid; and that Notice of the First and every subsequent General Meeting shall be given by Advertisement thereof inserted twice in some Newspaper of general Circulation in the Isle of Ely; and the said Commissioners assembled at the said First Meeting, and also at any General or Special Meeting, shall and may then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to meet at such other Time and Times as they or any Five or more of them respectively shall think fit; and the said Commissioners shall and may hold such Special Meetings at Doddington aforesaid as Five or more of the said Commissioners shall by Notice in Writing under their Hands appoint; and every such Notice shall state the Purpose and Object of the Meeting thereby convened, and such Notices shall be affixed on the Church Doors of Doddington and March aforesaid, and on the Church or Chapel Door of Benwick, Ten Days before the holding of the

Meeting

301

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiv.

Meeting thereby convened, and also be advertised once at least in some Newspaper of general Circulation in the Isle of Ely.

V. And be it enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, and Provisions of " The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," (except the Clause which disqualifies every Commissioner who for the Space of Six Months after his Appointment neglects to make and subscribe the Declaration therein-before required, or who for Six Months in succession is absent from all Meetings of the said Commissioners, and also except the Clauses relating to the Election and Rotation of the Commissioners, and also the Clauses and Parts of the Clauses which require and relate to monthly Meetings to be held by the Commissioners, and all Clauses relating to the Mode of convening and Notices to be given of Meetings, and also the Clause which requires the Clerk of the Commissioners to attend at their Office daily, and also so much of any Clause as requires a yearly Sum to be set apart in or towards the Discharge of any Principal Monies to be borrowed on Security of the Taxes, and also the Clause with respect to Mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners which prescribes the Form of Mortgage,) shall be and the same are hereby incorporated with and declared to be and form Part of this Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said District or any Five or more of them, at their first or any other General Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, yearly and every Year, over and above the Tax or Assessment of Two Shillings per Acre charged upon the Lands and Grounds lying within the said District by the said recited Act, to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all and singular the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the same District, by and with an equal and proportionable Tax or Assessment, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four Shillings per Acre in any One Year for every Acre of Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said District, which said additional Tax or Assessment shall, in case of Nonpayment thereof within the Time or Times appointed by the said recited Act as to the said Tax of Two Shillings per Acre thereby authorized to be levied, be liable to the same Penalty, and shall be assessed, levied, collected, paid, and recovered in the same Manner and by the same

"Ways and Means as in and by the said recited Act, as altered and amended by this Act, are in that Behalf contained or provided.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Occupier of any Part of the Fen Lands or Low Grounds within the said District shall refuse or neglect to pay to the Collector thereof the Taxes or Assessments with which the same Land shall be respectively taxed or charged by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, and which shall become due and payable during his Occupation thereof, for the Space of Two Calendar Months after the same shall have so become due and payable, every such Occupier shall forfeit and pay to such Collector the further Sum of Three Shillings and Four-pence for every Twenty Shillings which shall he so in arrear and unpaid, and so in proportion for any less Sum, to be levied by Distress and Sale of his or her Goods and Chattels in

Certain Clauses of 10 & 11 Vict, c. 16. incorporated with this Act.

Power to Commissioners to assess a further Tax, not exceeding 4s. per Acre per Annum.

Penalty on Nonpayment of Taxes.

302

Further Power for Recovery of Taxes and Penalties.

For Recovery of Arrears.

Power to borrow Money on the Credit of the Taxes.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiv.

such Manner as the Taxes and Assessments granted by the said recited Act or this Act are directed to be levied.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in case no sufficient Distress can be found on any Fen Lands or Low Grounds within the said District whereon to levy and raise any Taxes then due to the said Commissioners, and in arrear for the same Lands, or from the Occupier thereof, or the Penalties which may have accrued due by reason of the Nonpayment thereof within the Time herein-before in that Behalf provided, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to levy and raise the said Taxes so in arrear, and the Penalties (if any) then due in respect thereof, by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who was or were the Occupier or Occupiers of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds at the Time or respective Times when such Tax or Assessment, or Taxes or Assessments, became due and payable, whensoever and wheresoever the same Goods and Chattels shall be found, together with all the Charges of levying the same.

IX. And be it enacted, That in case no sufficient Distress can be found whereon to levy the said Taxes or Assessments so in arrear, and the Penalties (if any) then due in respect thereof, then such Parts of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds in respect of which such Taxes or Assessments shall have been made or assessed shall always remain a Security for Payment thereof; and all Corn, Hay, Cattle, and other Goods and Chattels, which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, kept, appraised, and sold, in manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of Taxes or Assessments, and the Charges of such Distress, and detaining, keeping, and selling the same, shall be fully paid and satisfied : Provided always, that Six Days at least before any such last-mentioned Distress shall be made the Amount of such Arrears and Penalties (if any) shall be demanded of the Occupier for the Time being of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds in respect of which such Taxes or Assessments so in arrear shall have been made or assessed, by leaving at his usual Place of Abode a Notice in Writing specifying the Amount thereof, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners; and any such last-mentioned Occupier, being a Tenant, and having paid the Amount of such Demand, shall be and is hereby empowered and authorized to deduct the same from the Rent then due or accruing due from him for the -Premises, or the same shall otherwise, after a Demand and Refusal by the Landlord to pay or allow the Amount thereof, be recoverable from such Landlord by Action at Law.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to borrow at Interest on the Credit of the said Paxes by the said recited Act or this Act directed or authorized to be imposed, or either of the same Taxes, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively', any Sum or Sums of Money which they may think necessary for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four thousand Pounds; and for securing the Repayment of the Sum or Sums so borrowed, with Interest, the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, may assign the several

303

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cup.xxiv.

several Taxes hereby or by the said recited Act directed or authorized to be imposed by them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, with all Powers or Remedies whatsoever for recovering and enforcing Payment thereof, to the Person who shall lend such Money, or some Person appointed by him; and any such Mortgage may contain any Provisions for continuing the Loan, and for the Payment of the Sum thereby secured by Instalments, and for reducing the Rate of Interest reserved on Payment thereof within such Period after the Time appointed for Payment thereof as shall be in that Behalf agreed upon, and may also contain any Power of Sale of the mortgaged Premises, and any Powers and Provisions in connexion therewith, and any such special Provisions as shall be in that Behalf agreed upon; and upon any such Loan any Receivers and Collectors may be appointed, and Provision may be made for the future Appointment of such Receivers and Collectors; and such Receivers and Collectors shall act under such Circumstances, and have such Powers, and be remunerated in such Manner, as shall be in that Behalf agreed upon; and it is hereby declared that the Receipts of the said Commissioners or any Five of them shall be sufficient Discharges for the Money borrowed under this Act, and that the Person advancing any such Money shall not be bound or concerned to see to the Application of the Money advanced by him, or be liable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof, or be concerned to inquire whether the Sum advanced by him ought to be raised; and it is hereby further declared, that any Purchaser under any such Power of Sale as aforesaid shall be seised of the Taxes purchased by him for an absolute Estate, free from any Equity or Power of Redemption whatsoever, and he and his Heirs and Assigns may recover the same by Distress and Sale, in like Manner as the said Commissioners might have done : Provided always, that every Mortgage shall contain a Covenant on the Part of the Mortgagee not to exercise such Power of Sale as aforesaid unless Default shall have been made in Payment of the Interest or some Part thereof for Six Calendar Months next after the Advertisements herein-after mentioned shall have been first inserted, and in Payment of the Principal Money for Twelve Calendar Months next after the Advertisements herein-after mentioned shall have been first inserted, nor until such Mortgagee shall, by Advertisement in the London Gazette, and twice in the same Month in some Newspaper of general Circulation in the Isle of Ely, have given Notice of his Intention to exercise such Power of Sale if such Interest shall not be paid within Six Calendar Months, and such Principal Monies shall not be paid within Twelve Calendar Months, as the Case may be, nor unless such Advertisement shall have been repeated Four Times during such Six Calendar Months or Twelve Calendar Months respectively.

XL. And for the Purpose of enabling the said Commissioners to secure the Benefit of a moderate Rate of Interest, be it enacted, That if the said Commissioners can borrow any Sum of Money at a lower Rate of Interest than any subsisting Securities given or made by them shall bear, it shall be lawful for them from Time to Time to borrow such Money as they shall think proper, on the Credit of all or any of the Taxes by the said recited Act or this Act authorized to be levied, at any lower Rate of Interest; and it is hereby declared that the Money to be borrowed for that Purpose, and the Interest for the same,

may

Power to borrow Money at a lower Rate of Interest, to pay off Securities bearing a higher Rate.

304

Power to borrow Money to pay off Sums previously borrowed.

Repayment of MonieSj borrowed.

Commissioners empowered to sell Mills

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cctp.xxiv.

may be secured by an Assignment by the said Commissioners or any Five of them of the said Taxes hereby or by the said recited Act directed or authorized to be levied by them, or either of such Taxes, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, with all Powers and Remedies whatsoever for recovering and enforcing Payment thereof, in like Manner and subject to the like Restrictions in all respects as is herein-before provided as to the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof; and any such Mortgage may contain any such Provisions or Powers as herein-before mentioned, or as shall be in that Behalf agreed upon, and any such Receivers or Collectors as aforesaid may be appointed or provided for; and it is hereby declared that the Receipts of the said Commissioners or any Five of them, making such Assignment as aforesaid, shall be sufficient Discharges for the Money borrowed under this Act, and that the Person advancing any such Money shall not be bound or concerned to inquire whether there shall be any subsisting Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest than the Sum advanced by him shall be made to bear, or whether the Sum advanced by him is a Sum properly raiseable, or to see to the Application of the Money advanced by him, or be liable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof; and it is hereby declared that any Purchaser under any such Power of Sale as aforesaid in any Mortgage under this Act shall be seised of the Taxes purchased by him for an absolute Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from any Equity or Power of Redemption whatsoever; and he, his Heirs and Assigns, may recover the same by Distress and Sale, in like Manner as the said Commissioners could have done.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to borrow at Interest, on the Credit of the 'Paxes hereby or by the said recited Act directed or authorized to be levied by them, or either of the said Taxes, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, any Sum or Sums which they may think necessary to be raised for the Purpose of paying off any Sum or Sums which may have been previously borrowed under both or either of the Powers herein-before contained; and all the Powers and Provisions herein-before given and contained as or in reference to the Monies which are hereinbefore authorized to be borrowed shall apply to the Monies to be borrowed under this Act, as if the same were here repeated and made applicable to this Act, and to the Monies hereby authorized to be borrowed.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in every successive Period of Six Years, to be computed from the Expiration of Three Years after the borrowing of any Principal Monies on Security of the said Taxes authorized to be levied by the said recited Act or this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, when and so often as any such Principal Monies shall be owing, appropriate and set apart a Sum of not less than Five hundred Pounds out of the bunds and Monies of the said Commissioners, to be applied by them in paying off all or any Part of such Principal Monies, or as a Sinking Fund to be accumulated for that Purpose.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall and may, if they think necessary, at any Time or Times hereafter, and from Time to Time, sell or cause to be sold all

and

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiv.

and every the Engines and Mills or other Works already erected by virtue of the said former Act, or which shall from Time to Time be erected by virtue thereof or of this Act, within the said District, and also all their Right and Interest in the Site of the said Engines and Mills or other Works, for the best Price that can be gotten for the same, and shall apply the Money arising from every such Sale to and for the Purposes of the said District.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Monies arising from the respective Rates or Assessments made or to be made by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, so far as relates to the said District, and all Penalties and Monies whatsoever to be received by the said Commissioners by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in defraying the Expenses of obtaining this Act, and in and about making, executing, and maintaining any of the Works, Matters, and Things which by the said recited Act or this Act are authorized to be made, done, or executed by the said Commissioners; and all Costs, Charges and Expenses incident thereto, and to the due Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act, and in Payment of such Sums of Money as shall be due to any Person or Persons on Security of the Taxes of the said District, and the Interest thereof, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any general, special, or adjourned Meeting to be held by them after the passing of this Act, to resolve and order that the Division heretofore made of the said District into Three Subdivisions for the Purposes of draining shall, from and after a Time to be therein specified, cease and be void, and at the Expiration of such Time the said Subdivisions shall be deemed to be ended and determined to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to make, do, cleanse, widen, cut, build, erect, purchase, repair, amend, reinstate, and execute, or cause to be made, done, cleansed, widened, cut, built, erected, purchased, repaired, amended, reinstated, and executed, all such Banks, Bridges, Pleadings, Cuts, Drains, Outlets, Mills, Engines, and Machinery, and other Works, Matters, and Things, as the said Commissioners of the said Lower or Fifth District were by the said recited Act authorized and required to make, do, and execute, or cause to be made, done, and executed, for all or any of the Purposes of the said recited Act, and to have and exercise all the Powers and Authorities, and shall be under and subject to all the Clauses, Enactments, and Provisions, mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of and concerning the said Commissioners of the said Lower or Fifth District or Division.

XVIII. And be it enacted, lliat if the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands lying within the said District to which any Droveway Dike, Outring Dike, or Division Dike doth or shall belong shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to rode, scour, cleanse, open, or repair any such Dike, or to make the same of a sufficient Depth, and of the Width of Nine Feet at the least, after Fourteen Days Notice in Writing given

305

and Works and the Sites thereof.

Application of Monies.

Subdivisions of the District maybe annulled.

Works to be done.

Penalty on Occupiers not cleansing Dikes.

306 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.wiv.

to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their Place of Abode from Time to Time for that Purpose, by the Clerk, Collector, or other Officer of the Commissioners, pursuant to any Order or Bye Law of the Commissioners, every such Occupier shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay the Sum of Sixpence for every Rod of the Dike so neglected to be roded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepened, and widened; and it shall be lawful from lime to lime for the said Commissioners to cause such Dikes, at the Charge and Expense of every such Occupier, to be roded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, and deepened, in a sufficient Manner, and made of the \\ idth aforesaid at the least, and where a Way shall have been made over any Dike without a sufficient Tunnel, to cause such Ways to be taken up, and such Dike to be made of a proper Width and Depth, and by Warrant under the Hands of Three or more of the said Commissioners to levy such Penalty, and also such Charges and Expenses, upon such Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to contract with and purchase of and from any Person or Persons interested in any Land within the said District or in the Schedule to this Act annexed, who may be willing to sell the same, a Piece or Pieces of Land, to be used as and for a Site or Sites of an Engine House or Engine Houses, and Residences of the Engine Drivers or other Servant or Servants of the said Commissioners, so that the total Quantity of Land for this Purpose to be held at any One Time by the said Commissioners shall not exceed Two Acres, and to cause the same, by proper Assurances, to be conveyed to the Use of the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, their Heirs and Assigns, upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes of the said recited Act as altered and amended by this Act.

XX. And be it enacted, That for the Purposes of the said Contracts Provisions of and Purchases lastly herein-before authorized all the Clauses, Powers, c.*8?incor- an<* Provisions of " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," porated with with respect to the Purchase of Lands by Agreement, and with respect this Act. to the Purchase Money or Compensation coming to Parties having

limited Interests, or prevented from treating, or not making Title, shall and the same are hereby declared to be incorporated with and form Part of this Act.

Annexation

XXI. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the of Lands in passing of this Act all and every the Fen Lands and Low Grounds du*o. C mentioned and specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall

thenceforth be deemed and taken to be within and to form Part of the saitl District; and the same Lands, and also the respective Owners and Occupiers thereof, shall have and be subject and liable to all such and the same Rights, Privileges, Clauses, Enactments, Powers, Provisions, Taxes, Penalties, Remedies, Matters, and Things as the said District, and the Fen Lands and Low Grounds therein, and the respective Owners and Occupiers thereof, had or was or were entitled or subject or liable to under and by virtue of the said recited Act, as altered and amended by this Act, immediately prior to or as if such Annexation had not been made.

Commissioners may purchase a Site for Engine and Buildings.

Certain

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiv.

XXII. And whereas the said Commissioners have heretofore cut, made, and executed divers Drains and other Works of Drainage in and for the Benefit of the said District, and are now possessed of divers Mills or Engines, and other Property and Effects : Be it enacted, That each and every Owner for the Time being of the said several Lands and Grounds mentioned and specified in the said Schedule to this Act annexed shall, in and for the first Year after the passing of this Act, be taxed and charged with and liable to the Payment of such further and additional gross Sum or Payment, over and above the rateable and proportional Taxes authorized to be assessed and imposed thereon by the said recited Act and this Act, by way of a proportional Payment and Contribution towards the said Cuts, Works, Mills, or Engines, Property and Effects, and the Value thereof, as the said Commissioners and the said Owners respectively shall mutually agree upon, or in case of Diagreement, then as shall be settled by Arbitration, in such and the same Manner as is directed and provided in and by the said " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," for the .Settlement of disputed Questions of Compensation by Arbitration, which said further and additional gross Sum or Payment shall, in case of Default in Payment thereof within Two Months after the Amount shall have been agreed upon or been ascertained, be recoverable by the Said Commissioners from the said Owners respectively, either by Action at Law, or, if the Amount does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, in the County Court of Cambridgeshire holden at March, or in the same Manm r as Rates and Taxes imposed and assessed under and by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act are authorized to be recovered, or by such other lawful Ways and Means as the said Commissioners may determine.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to empower the said Commissioners or any of them, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, to have, use, or exercise any Power or Authority over or to intermeddle with any of the Sewers, Drains, or Works already made by or belonging to, or hereafter to be made by or belonging to, the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called the Bedford Level, or to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators of the said Great Level, but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities which by virtue of an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Drainage of the Great Level of the Fens called the Bedford Level, or of any other Act or Statute whatsoever or otherwise, are now vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, shall for ever hereafter remain and continue and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been passed.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

307

Lands annexed to be charged with extra Payment for first Year.

Saving the Rights of the Corporation of Bedford Level.

[Public Act.]

The

308

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxiv

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers;

CONTAINING

A Description of the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds that are in future to be deemed within and Part of the Ransonmoor Drainage District.

No. on Plan, called Plan of Part of the Bedford Level and Lands adjacent, by J. G. Lenny, 1833. Occupiers. Owners. Quantity.

56

In the Hamlet of March in the Parish of Doddington. a. r. p.

| Redmore Allenby - * | Himself - - | 56 3 6

97

98

99

100

101

102

In the Hamlet of Wimblington in the said Parish of Doddington.

Wm. Sliepperson Elizabeth, the Wife of Abra- 43 0 24

The same ... ham Jobson Cole, and her Trustees. The same ... 23 3 15

The same ... Abraham Jobson Cole - 1 1 11

John Fryer Himself ... 7 0 0

Will"' Searle - Charles Culledge and Thos. Richards (Trustees of Johnson Bavin’s Will) 1 1 36

Thos. Cousins junr Joseph Bavin ... 5 3 28

Will" Searle - Charles Culledge and Thos. Richards (Trustees of Johnson Bavin’s Will) 9 2 6

Francis Bavin Himself ... 5 0 34

LONDON : Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

VICTORIAE REGINAE

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

n

Cap. xxv.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for lighting with Gas and supplying with Water the Town of Hartlepool and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Durham.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act for lighting with Gas and supplying with Water 9 & 10 Vict. the Town of Hartlepool and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County c. 115. of Durham, whereby the Company incorporated by the said Act were empowered to raise the Sum of Eighteen thousand Pounds by Shares, and Six thousand Pounds by Mortgage: And whereas the Company have accordingly raised the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds by Shares, and the whole of such Amount has been expended upon the Purposes authorized by the said Act, but no Money has been raised by Mortgage: And whereas the Company incorporated by the said recited Act have proceeded to put the said recited Act into execution, but the whole of the Works authorized thereby are not yet completed: And whereas it is expedient that the said Company-should be empowered to vary, extend, and enlarge their existing Works, and to construct and acquire other Works, and to raise a further Sum of Money for that Purpose: And whereas the Objects [Local.] 41 aforesaid

i

310

Recited Act repealed.

Incorporation of the Hartlepool Gas and Water Company.

Existing Works vest-

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxv.

aforesaid might be more conveniently effected if the said recited Act were repealed, and further Powers and Provisions granted and made instead thereof; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria shall be and the same is hereby repealed: Provided always, that all Offences which shall have been committed, and all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall have been incurred, previously to the Commencement of this Act shall and may be punishable and recoverable respectively under the said recited Act as if the same had not been repealed, and that all Acts, Matters, and Things made, done, or executed under or by virtue of and in accordance with the Provisions of the said recited Act prior to the Commencement of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

II. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act the several Persons and Bodies Corporate who at the Time of the passing of this Act are Proprietors of Shares in the joint Stock or Fund of the Hartlepool Gas and Water Company, or who may become the Proprietors of any Share or Shares therein under the Provisions of this Act, and the several Persons and Bodies who have already subscribed or who shall hereafter subscribe thereto, and their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns respectively, shall be and they are hereby united into a Company for the Purpose of manufacturing Gas, and for providing Gasometers, and all Apparatus, Machinery, and Buildings necessary for that Purpose, and for lighting with Gas the several Streets, Roads, Lanes, public Passages, Churches, Chapels, Places, and Buildings, and also the several Shops, Breweries, Taverns, private Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings, within the Limits of this Act, and also for selling and disposing of Coke, and of every Product, Refuse, or Residuum arising or to be obtained from the Materials used in or necessary for the Manufacture of Gas, in such Manner as the Company may think proper, and also for the Purpose of making, acquiring, and maintaining Waterworks for supplying the Inhabitants and other Persons within the Limits of this Act with Water, with proper Works and Conveniences belonging thereto, according to the Provisions of this Act and the several Acts incorporated herewith, and for other the Purposes herein and in the said incorporated Acts contained; and for the several Purposes aforesaid such Company shall be incorporated by the Name of " The Hartlepool Gas and Water Company," and by that Name shall be a Body Corporate, with perpetual Succession, and shall have Power to purchase and hold Lands, Works, and Premises, and to take Springs and Streams of Water, for the Purposes of the Undertaking, within the Restrictions herein and in the said incorporated Acts contained.

III. And be it enacted, That from and immediate!v after the passing of this Act all Gasworks, Pipes, Engines, Gauges, Tunnels,

Arches,

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.\xv.

Arches, and other Works, and all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Buildings, Easements, prescriptive and other Rights, Powers, and Privileges whatsoever, of or to which the Company hereby dissolved, or any Person in trust for them, were or are seised, possessed, or entitled at Law or in Equity immediately before the passing of this Act, and all Rates and Monies due or accruing to, and all Securities, Books, Accounts, Documents, Choses in Action, Effects, and Property belonging to the said Company, hereby dissolved at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby well and effectually vested in and shall belong to the Hartlepool Gas and Water Company hereby incorporated, for their absolute Use and Benefit, to hold to them and their Successors for the Purposes of this Act, and for such and the same Estates, Terms, and other Interests as under the said recited Act the Company hereby dissolved, or any Persons in trust for them immediately before the passing of this Act, had or would have continued to have had therein if the said recited Act had not been repealed, subject nevertheless to such Charges, Interests, and Liabilities as at the Time of the passing of this Act the same Premises were and are respectively subject to.

IV. And be it enacted, That all Conveyances, Assurances, Leases, Demises, Grants, Mortgages, Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, Awards, Securities, and other Instruments made, executed, or entered into by or between any Person or Persons and the Company hereby dissolved, or to, with, in favour of, or by or for any such Person or Persons, and the Company hereby dissolved respectively, shall and the same are hereby declared to be, remain, and continue in full Force and Effect, and the Company hereby incorporated and all such Person and Persons shall respectively be bound by and liable to execute and perform the same; and no Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, or other Proceeding commenced or pending by, with, or against the Company hereby dissolved shall become invalidated, made void, discharged, abated, discontinued, prejudiced, or affected by the Repeal of the said recited Act, but the same and each of them shall continue and remain in full Force and Effect, and the Company hereby incorporated shall be liable to all Debts and Engagements to which the Company hereby dissolved was or is liable at the Time of the Repeal thereof: Provided always, that the Repeal of the said recited Act shall not affect any Rights or Remedies which could at the Time of the passing of this Act be exercised by any Mortgagee or Creditor against the Company hereby dissolved.

V. And be it enacted, That all Rates, Rents, or Charges made or imposed under or by virtue of the said recited Act, and which at the Time of the passing of this Act shall be due and payable, or if this Act had not passed would have accrued due and payable, shall continue in force and be due and payable to the Company hereby incorporated, and may be collected and recovered by such Means and under such Restrictions and Regulations as any Rates, Rents, or Charges may be collected or recovered under or in pursuance of this Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That all Certificates, Sales, Transfers, and Dispositions before the passing of this Act made or executed of or in respect

311

ed in the Company.

Agreements, Deeds, &c. to remain in force, and Company liable to Debts, Sec.

Rates, &c. imposed under recited Act to continue in force under this Act.

Certificates and, Transfers to re-

312

main in

force.

Officers under former Act to account.

Present

Officers

continued.

8 & 9 Vict. cc. 16.18. and 10 & 11 Vict. cc. 15.17. incorporated with this Act.

Nothing to authorize Company to take Land, without Consent.

[Short Title.]

Limits of Act.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cup.xxv.

respect of any Share or Shares in the Joint Stock of the said Company under or in pursuance of the said recited Act shall remain in full force and virtue, and shall be and continue available in all respects

whatsoever.

VII. And be it enacted, That all Officers and Persons who at the Time of the passing of this Act shall have in their Possession or under their Control any Money, Books, Documents, Papers, Writings, Securities, Goods, Chattels, or other Effects under or by virtue of any of the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall account for and deliver up all such Money, Books, Documents, Papers, Writings, Securities, Goods, Chattels, and other Effects to the Company hereby incorporated, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Process, Pains, and Penalties for Refusal or Neglect, as if such Officers or Persons had been appointed, and had become possessed of such Money, Books, Documents, Papers, Writings, Securities, Goods, Chattels, or other Effects, under the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all Officers and Persons appointed under the recited Act shall continue in their respective Offices and Employments according to their respective Appointments until removed therefrom according to the Provisions of this Act, and all such Officers and Persons shall have the same Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and all such Officers and Persons and all Sureties shall be liable to the same Conditions, Penalties, Obligations, Restrictions, and Regulations, as if such Officers and Persons had been appointed and such Sureties had become bound under this Act.

IX. And be it enacted, That the several Acts of Parliament following, (that is to say,) " The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," "The Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847," and " The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847," except where the same shall be inconsistent with or repugnant to any of the Provisions of this Act, shall be incorporated with this Act, and shall be held to apply to the Company hereby incorporated, and to the Gasworks, Waterworks, Lands, Streams,‘Credits, and Effects authorized to be made or acquired by and vested in the Company hereby incorporated.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act" contained shall authorize the Company to take or use any Land for the Purpose of supplying the Inhabitants within the Limits of this Act with Gas, unless with the Consent of and by Agreement with the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers thereof.

XI. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use " The

Hartlepool Gas and Waterworks Act, 1849."

XII. And be it enacted, That the Limits of this Act shall be deemed and taken to extend to and include the Town of Hartlepool and the Neighbourhood thereof, which shall be taken to mean and to

extend

313

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. x\v.

extend to and include the whole of the Parishes of Hart and Stranton in the said County of Durham.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Capital of the Company shall Capital, be Thirty-four thousand Pounds, including the Capital of the Company under the said recited Act.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Number of Shares into which Number and the Capital shall be divided shall be Six thousand eight hundred, and g™°"snt of the Amount of each Share shall be Five Pounds.

XV. And be it enacted, That One Pound per Share shall be the Calls, greatest Amount of any One Call which the Company may make upon the Shareholders upon any Share, and One Month at least shall be the Interval between successive Calls.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company Power to to borrow on Mortgage or Bond any Sum or Sums not exceeding in b°rrow the whole at any one Time the Amount of One Third of the Capital Mortgage, in Shares or Stock of the Company for the Time being, but no Part

of such Sum or Sums shall be borrowed until the whole of the said Capital or Sum of Thirty-four thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed for, or Shares taken for the same, and One Half thereof shall have been actually paid up.

XVII. And in order to provide for the Recovery of the Arrears of Payment of Interest and Costs, or of the Principal and Interest and Costs, of any Arrears of Mortgage or Bond to be made by the Company pursuant to the ^be'enC " Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," at the respective forcedVy" Times at which such Interest, or such Principal and Interest, and Appoint-Costs, become due, be it enacted, That if such Interest, or any Part ment of a thereof, shall for Thirty Days after the same shall have become due, Receiver-and Demand thereof shall have been made in Writing, remain unpaid,

the Mortgagee or Obligee may sue for the Interest so in arrear by Action of Debt in any of the Superior Courts, or the Mortgagee may require the Appointment of a Receiver by an Application to be made as provided in the last-mentioned Act.

XVIII. And with respect to such Principal Money, Interest, and Recovery ot

Costs due to any Mortgagee, be it enacted, That if such Principal Principal, Money and Interest be not paid within Six Months after the same &c-

has become payable, and after Demand thereof in Writing, the °ent °"ey Mortgagee may sue for the same in any of the Superior Courts of Mortgage. Law or Equity, or if his Debt amount to the Sum of One thousand

Pounds he may alone, or if his Debt does not amount to the Sum of One thousand Pounds he may in conjunction with other Mortgagees whose Debts being so in arrear after Demand as aforesaid shall, together with his, amount to the Sum of One thousand Pounds, require the Appointment of a Receiver by an Application to be made as provided in the said " Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845."

XIX. And be it enacted, That the first General Meeting of the Ordinary Shareholders of the Company shall be held in the Month of July next Meetings

314

to be held y early.

Quorum of

General

Meetings.

Number of Shareholders to convene Extraordinary Meeting.

Scale of voting.

Number and Qualification of Directors.

Power to vary the Number of Directors.

First

Directors.

Quorum of Directors.

Committees of Directors.

Directors may declare Dividends half-yearly.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxv.

after the passing of this Act, and a General Meeting shall be held in the Month of July in each succeeding Year, or at such other stated Periods as shall be appointed for that Purpose by an Order of a General Meeting; and all Meetings, whether ordinary or extraordinary, shall be held within the Town of Hartlepool aforesaid.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Quorum of every Meeting of the Company shall be Eight Shareholders holding in the aggregate not less than One thousand Pounds in the Capital of the Company.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Number of Shareholders on whose Requisition an Extraordinary Meeting may be required to be convened shall be Ten, and such Shareholders shall hold in the aggregate not less than One thousand Pounds in the Capital of the Company.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Scale according to which Shareholders may vote in respect of their Shares shall be as follows; (that is to say,)

For Two Shares or more, and less than Five Shares, One Vote:

For Five Shares or more, and less than Ten Shares, Two Votes:

For Ten Shares or more, and less than Twenty Shares, Three Votes:

For Twenty Shares or more, an additional Vote for every Ten Shares beyond the first Ten Shares.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That (subject to the Provisions herein contained for increasing or reducing the Number of Directors) the Number of Directors shall be Ten, and the Qualification of a Director shall be the Possession in his own Right of Ten Shares in the Undertaking.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company from Time to Time to increase or reduce the Number of Directors of the Company, but the whole Number of Directors shall never be greater than Twelve nor less than Six.

XXV. And be it enacted, That all Persons who at the Time of passing this Act may be Directors elected or appointed under the Provisions of the said recited Act hereby repealed shall be the first Directors under and for the Purpose of executing this Act.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Quorum of a Meeting ot Directors shall be Four.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Number of Directors ot which Committees appointed by the Directors shall consist shall not be less than Three nor more than Five, of whom any Two in the Absence of the others shall be competent to act.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Directors, without the Direction or Sanction of a General Meeting, from Time to Time to declare and pay in the Interval between any Two ordinary annual General Meetings a Half Year’s Dividend out of the

Profits

315

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxv.

Profits of the Company to the Shareholders, but the Directors shall not make any Dividend whereby the Capital of the Company will be reduced.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Company shall annually elect Appoint, an Auditor for the Purpose of auditing the Accounts of the Company;

and in case the Office of such Auditor shall, before such Accounts have been audited by him, be vacant by Death or from any other Cause, the Company shall from Time to Time appoint an Auditor to supply such Vacancy.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the Remuneration of such Auditor Remunera-for each such yearly Audit shall not exceed the Rate of Two Pounds *jon..°^

Two Shillings per Day, nor the Sum of Four Pounds Four Shillings in u ltor' the whole, and the same shall be paid to him by the Company.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That for the Purposes of keeping Undertaking Accounts, and declaring and making Dividends, the said Undertaking to be <jon-shall be considered as divided into Two Branches, one of which shall divided ?n-include all Matters relating to or connected with the Supply of Water, to Two and the other shall include all Matters relating to or connected with Branches the Supply of Gas, and that the Company shall keep separate and and separate distinct Accounts of all Monies expended and received in respect of ^epCtof0"ts each Branch of the Undertaking, and that One Moiety of the whole each Branch, of the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of establishing the Company,

and of applying for and obtaining this Act, shall be charged against each Branch of the said Undertaking.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Scheme to be prepared Scheme to

pursuant to the " Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," pre- be prepared viously to declaring a Dividend, shall show the Amount of Profit Pr.evious to derived from each Branch of the Undertaking applicable to the show Profit' Purposes of Dividend. &c.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Newspaper in which Adver- Newspaper

tisements relating to the Affairs of the Company are to be inserted for insertion shall be some One or more Newspaper or Newspapers published in °.f Adver-the County of Durham. tisements.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That all Notices to be served by the Notices on Company on Shareholders shall be so served as to allow the Party Sharehold-served at least Five clear Days for observing or performing the Act, ers Matter, or Thing therein required or mentioned.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of better enabling Power for the Company to supply the said District with Water and Gas, it shall the Company be lawful for the Company to contract with and purchase or take on Purchase Lease from the Hartlepool West Harbour and Dock Company, and and oas^*''' for the Hartlepool West Harbour and Dock Company to sell or lease works of to the Company, a certain Spring or Stream of Water called the Old t*le Harile-Quarry Spring, and certain Gasworks and Waterworks constructed by P?°*.West the said Hartlepool West Harbour and Dock Company for the Supply ESTcm*

of pany.

316 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxv.

of their Docks and Works, and such of the Lands and Hereditaments of the said Hartlepool West Harbour and Dock Company near to the said Spring or Stream of Water, Gasworks and Waterworks, as are shown on the Plan and mentioned in the Book of Reference hereinafter referred to, and as the Company may require, upon such Terms and Conditions as shall be mutually agreed upon between the Parties; and it shall be lawful for the said Hartlepool W est Harbour and Dock Company to sell such Works, Land, and Hereditaments to the Company as last aforesaid, without previously offering the same to any other Person, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," or in the special Act relating to the said Hartlepool West Harbour and Dock Company.

Power to

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of better enabling Company to the Company to supply with Water the said Town of Hartlepool make Con- anc] j|ie Neighbourhood thereof, it shall be lawful for the Company other Per- and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time sons to sup- to make and enter into all such Contracts and Agreements as they ply them may think fit or deem expedient with any Person willing to contract with Water. wthem to supply them the said Company wholly or partially with » Water.

Power to

XXXVII. And whereas Plans and Sections showing the Line, make new Situation, and Levels of the intended Works, and also a Book of Works ac- Reference containing the Names of the Owners, Lessees, and Occu-cording to pierS) or reputed Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands and plans. Streams in or through which the same are intended to be made or to pass, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Durham: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, subject to the Provisions and Restrictions in this and the said incorporated Acts contained, to make and maintain the said Works in the Lines or Situation and on the Levels and upon the Lands delineated on the said Plans and Sections respectively, and described in the said Book of Reference, and to enter upon, take, and use such of the Lands, Streams, and Waters delineated on the said Plans and described in the said Book of Reference as the said Company shall deem necessary for that Purpose, or to acquire compulsorily or by Agreement any Easement, Liberty, Privilege, Power, or Authority in or over the same, or to agree for a Lease of such Lands, Streams, and Waters, and to take therefrom such Water as the Company may require for the Purposes of this and the said incorporated Acts.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company in making the said Works by this Act authorized, where Limits of Deviation are marked on the Plans, to deviate from the Lines delineated on the said Plans so deposited with the said Clerk of the Peace, provided that no such Deviation shall extend to a greater Distance than the Limits of Deviation delineated upon the said Plans, nor to a greater Extent in passing through a Town, Village, or Lands continuously built upon than Ten Yards, nor elsewhere to a greater Extent than One hundred Yards from the said Lines.

Power to deviate from Plans in certain Cases.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxv- 317

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, in addition to the Lands authorized to be compulsorily taken by £"rncd for them, to contract with any Party willing to sell or lease the same for additional the Purchase or Lease of any Lands and Streams not exceeding Accommo-Twenty Acres, to be taken and used in such Places as shall be deemed dauonworks eligible, for extraordinary Purposes; (that is to say,) for the Purpose of a erwor making and providing additional Tanks, Aqueducts, and other Buildings and Conveniences, or for making convenient Roads or Ways to the said Works, or for any other Purposes connected with the said Waterworks which the Company may think beneficial to the Undertaking.

XL. And be it enacted, That the several Persons empowered by Owners the said " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," to convey Lands g"antLease«. shall respectively have full Power to grant any Lease or Leases of any Lands and Streams, or any Easement, Liberty, Privilege, Power, or Authority in, upon, through, or over the same, for the Purposes of this Act, or any of them : Provided always, that in every such Lease to be granted by Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, and not having Power to lease such Lands and Streams except under the Provisions of this Act, there be reserved and made payable during the Continuance thereof the best and most improved yearly Rent or Sum of Money that can, under the Circumstances of the Case, be reasonably had or gotten for the same, without taking any Fine,

Premium, or Foregift for the same.

XLI. And be it enacted, That the Waterworks shall be completed Period with-within Five Years from the passing of this Act, and on the Expiration in which the of such Period the Powers by this or the said incorporated Acts '^becom-granted to the Company for executing such Works, or otherwise pieted. in relation thereto, shall cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the said Waterworks as shall then be completed: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to restrain the Company from extending their Mains and Pipes from Time to Time whenever it shall be necessary for the Purpose of supplying the Inhabitants within the Limits of this Act with Mater.

XLII. And whereas a Portion of the Works as laid down on the The Works Plans herein-before referred to are proposed to be laid down or 'lie Slake constructed in, under, or along certain Tidal Lands commonly called of ^artle-the Slake near to Hartlepool aforesaid : Be it enacted, That the Com- moV and pany shall not lay down or construct any Portion of such Works as last altered in aforesaid so as the same shall interfere with the Flux and Reflux of the such Man-Tide, nor shall the Company lay down or construct any Portion of the ner asthe Works in, under, or along the said Tidal Lands until 'they shall have ^ai" direct submitted to the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, a Plan and Working Drawing of such Portion of the said intended Works as shall be laid down or constructed in, under, or along such Tidal Lands, and such Plan and Working Drawing shall have been approved of by the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, under the Hand of the Secretary to the [Local.] 4 L Admiralty

318

Works below High-water Mark not to be executed without the Consent of the Admiralty.

Local Survey to made, if deemed expedient by the Admiralty, at the Cost of the Company.

If Works across Tidal Waters are abandoned Admiralty may remove them at the Expense of Company.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxv.

Admiralty for the Time being, and such Portion of the said intended Works shall be laid down and constructed only in such Manner as shall have been so approved of; and if at any Time hereafter any Docks, Cuts, Slips, or other Works of a like Nature, shall be made or constructed by the Owners of any of the Lands adjoining the said Tidal Lands, the Company shall from Time to Time, at their own Expense, and without any Claims for Compensation, alter and divert their Pipes and Works in such Manner as and when the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall from Time to Time, under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, direct or require.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Company to construct below High-water Mark, at ordinary Spring Tides, any Work whatever, without the previous Consent of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Time being, to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, and then only according to such Plan and under such Restrictions and Regulations as the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, may approve of, such Approval being signified as last aforesaid; and where any such Work shall have been constructed, it shall not be lawful for the Company at any Time to alter or extend the same without obtaining, previously to making any such Alteration or Extension, the like Consent or Approval; and if any such Work shall be commenced or completed contrary to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to abate and remove the same, and to restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Cost and Charge of the Company; and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due to the Crown, and be recoverable accordingly.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That if, after Working Drawings of the Works of the Company hereby authorized shall have been submitted to the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, it shall be deemed expedient by him or them to order a local Survey and Examination of such Works, or of the intended Site thereof, the Company shall defray the Costs of such local Survey and Examination, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due to Her Majesty from the Company, and if not paid upon Demand may be recovered as a Debt due to the Crown, with the Costs of Suit, or may be recovered with Costs as a Penalty is or may be recoverable from the Company.

XLV. And be it enacted, That if any Work to be constructed by the Company in, under, or across any Tidal Water, or if any Portion of the Work which affects any such Water or Access thereto shall be abandoned or suffered to fall into Disuse or Decay by the Company, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to abate and remove the same, or such Part or Parts thereof as he or they may at any Time

or

319

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxv.

or Times deem fit and proper, and to restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Cost and Charge of the Company; and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due from the Company to the Crown, and be recoverable accordingly.

XLVI. And with respect to the Supply of Water in pursuance of the Thirty-fifth Section of the " Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847," be it enacted, That the Water so to be supplied need not be constantly laid on under a Pressure greater than the Height of the Water in the Reservoir by this Act authorized from whence such Supply is obtained will give.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That the Company shall, at the Request of the Owner or Occupier of any Dwelling House or Part of a House in any Street in which any Water Pipe of the Company shall be laid, or of any Person who under the Provisions of this Act or any Act incorporated therewith shall be entitled to demand a Supply of Water for domestic Purposes, furnish to such Owner or Occupier or other Person a sufficient Supply of Water for their domestic Uses at the Rates herein-after specified; (that is to say,) Where the annual Value of such House shall not exceed Twenty Pounds per Annum, at a Rate per Centum per Annum not exceeding Seven Pounds Ten Shillings:

Where such annual Value shall exceed Twenty Pounds, and not exceed Forty Pounds, at a Rate per Centum per Annum not exceeding Seven Pounds:

Where such annual Value shall exceed Forty Pounds, and not exceed Sixty Pounds, at a Rate per Centum per Annum not exceeding Six Pounds Ten Shillings:

Where such annual Value shall exceed Sixty Pounds, and not exceed Eighty Pounds, at a Rate per Centum per Annum not exceeding Six Pounds:

Where such annual Value shall exceed Eighty Pounds, and not exceed One hundred Pounds, at a Rate per Centum per Annum not exceeding Five Pounds Ten Shillings:

And where such annual Value shall exceed One hundred Pounds, at a Rate per Centum per Annum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that a Supply of Water for domestic Purposes shall not include a Supply of Water for Baths, Water-closets, Fountains, ornamental Purposes, Horses or Cattle, or for washing Carriages, or for any Trade or Business whatsoever.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That the Company shall not charge more in any One Year than the several Rates herein-after specified in respect of Water-closets in or belonging to any private Dwelling House; (that is to say,)

Where the annual Value of any such private Dwelling House shall not exceed Ten Pounds per Annum, the Sum of Eight Shillings for each such Water-closet:

Where such annual Value shall exceed Ten Pounds, and not exceed Twenty-five Pounds, the Sum of Ten Shillings for each such Water-closet:

Constant Pressure to be afforded from Reservoir.

Rates at which Water is to be supplied for domestic Purposes.

What shall be deemed domestic Purposes.

Limiting Amount of Charge for Water-closets.

Where

320

Water for other than domestic Purposes to be supplied by Agreement.

Power to Undertakers to lease the Rates.

Persons using Water to provide Stopcocks.

Penalty for suffering Water to run waste.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxv.

Where such annual Value shall exceed Twenty-five Pounds, and not exceed Fifty Pounds, the Sum of Twelve Shillings for each such Water-closet:

Where such annual Value shall exceed Fifty Pounds, and not exceed One hundred Pounds, the Sum of Fifteen Shillings for each such Water-closet:

And where such annual Value shall exceed One hundred Pounds, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each such Water-closet.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to supply any Person with Water for other than domestic Purposes at such Rate and upon such Terms and Conditions as shall be agreed upon between the Company and the Persons desirous of having such Supply of Water.

L. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Undertakers to lease the whole or any of the Water Rates payable by virtue of this Act for any Term not exceeding Three Years, and upon such Terms, Covenants, and Conditions as the Undertakers shall think proper; and every Lessee shall have the same Powers, Rights, and Remedies for recovering and enforcing the Payment of the Water Rates granted by the Lease as are by this and the said incorporated Acts vested in the Company for that Purpose : Provided always, that no such Lease shall defeat or abridge the Power by the said Waterworks Clauses Act given to the Court of Quarter Sessions of directing the Reduction of the Rates, and the Company shall reduce the Rates in the same Manner as they would have done in case no Lease had been granted.

LI. And be it enacted, That every Person supplied with Water under the Provisions of this Act shall, when required by the Company, provide and affix such proper Tap, Stopcock, or other Apparatus to the Pipe conducting the Water from the Works of the Company as the Company shall direct, and shall keep such Tap, Stopcock, or other Apparatus in good Repair, so as effectually to prevent the Water from running to waste; and in case any such Person shall neglect to provide, when required by the Company, such Tap, Stopcock, or other Apparatus, or to keep the same in good Repair, it shall be lawful for the Company, or for any Person acting under their Authority, to cut off the Pipe or turn off the Water from the Premises of such Person until such Tap, Stopcock, or other Apparatus shall be provided or repaired, as the Case may require.

LII. And be it enacted, That if any Person supplied with Water by the Company shall wilfully or negligently do or suffer any Act, or permit or suffer any Pipe or Apparatus to be out of Repair, so that the Water supplied to him by the Company shall be wasted, or the Supply thereof improperly increased, he shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with the Value of the Water so wasted or improperly increased.

Company

LIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company wJtJrTincs, to rcPair any Place for Water> Pipe or Cock, that shall be out of

repair

12" & 13" VICTORIAE, Cty.xxv. 321

repair in any Dwelling House or other Building; and the Expenses &c., and re-of such Repair shall be payable by the Person occupying or using the same, and shall or may be recovered in manner by the said « Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847," provided for Recovery of the Water Rate.

LIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company Power to to agree with the Owners of any Lands, Works, or Premises which they°may think requisite or proper for the Purposes of supplying Gas f^stehe within the Limits of this Act, for the absolute Purchase, for a Con- works, sideration in Money, or for a Lease on such Terms as may be agreed on, of any such Lands, Works, or Premises, or such Part thereof as they shall think proper, so that the Area of such Lands or Premises shall not exceed Ten Acres in the whole.

LV. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in this Company and the said incorporated Acts contained, it shall be lawful for the Company from Time to Time to construct and maintain such Gas- Gas;vorksL works and Apparatus, and such Buildings with Approaches thereto, upon the Lands belonging to the Company or hereby authorized to be purchased by them, and to do all such other Acts as they shall think necessary for supplying the Inhabitants within the Limits of this Act with Gas, and to supply such Gas upon such Terms as shall be agreed upon between the Company and the Persons supplied therewith, and to sell and dispose of the Coke and other Residuum arising from the Materials used in the Manufacture of Gas, in such Manner as the Company may think proper.

LVI. And be it enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Regulating any existing Contract for the Supply of Gas to any public Lamps Supply of within the Limits of this Act, the Company shall afford such Supply from any Main situate within Twenty-five Yards of any such Lamp, public ° at a Price equal to the lowest Price charged for the Time being by Lamps, the Company to any private Consumer.

LVII. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in this Power to and the incorporated Acts contained, it shall be lawful for the Com- Undertakers pany to lay any Pipe, Branch, or other Apparatus from any Main or ‘olay PiPes Branch Pipes into, through, or against any Building for the Purpose Building5 of lighting the same, and to provide and set up any Apparatus necessary for securing to any Buildings a proper and complete Supply of Gas, and for measuring and ascertaining the Extent of such Supply.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Saving or the said incorporated Acts contained shall extend or be construed RiShts of to extend to prejudice, interfere with, or derogate from the Rights, (j0,nmis-Privileges, or Advantages of the Commissioners for improving the KeT&c.of* Pier and Port of Hartlepool. Hartlepool.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Company or in the said incorporated Acts contained shall extend or be deemed not to.inter-or construed to extend to authorize or empower the Company to p™ Wltth thfe enter upon, take, use, or purchase, or do any Act which shall affect the Co'rpo-[Loca/.] 4 M any ration of

322

Hartlepool

without

Consent.

Saving the Rights of the Crown.

Undertaking not exempt from Provisions of 11 & 12 Vict. c. 63.

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cup.xxv.

any of the Property of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Hartlepool without the Consent of the said Mayor and Burgesses, their Successors or Assigns, first had and obtained.

LX. And be it enacted, That nothing contained in this Act, or in the Acts herein recited or referred to, shall extend to authorize the Company to purchase, take, or use any Land or Soil, or any Rights in respect thereof, belonging to Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or any Two of them, first had and obtained for that Purpose, and which such Commissioners or any Two of them are hereby authorized and empowered to give, or to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities vested in or enjoyed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors.

LXI. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Company from the Provisions of "The Public Health Act, 1848," or of any general Act relating thereto, or to the Subject Matter thereof, which may pass during the present or any future Session of Parliament.

LXII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849-

8

i

i

H ' i -

1

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. xx vi.

An Act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Macclesfield in the County of Chester, and for other Purposes connected with the said Borough.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for better supplying the In/iabitants of the Borough 11 G. 4. of Macclesfield in the County of Chester with Water, and to establish l'V.t. c. the Rates payable fur the same, whereby, after reciting that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the said Borough were the Owners or reputed Owners of divers Springs of Water situate within the same Borough, and had for a considerable Number of Years then last past, and at much Expense, supplied the Inhabitants thereof with Water, to their great Accommodation and Benefit, Powers are given for extending the Works of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and which have accordingly been extended, so as to afford an additional Supply of Water as therein mentioned : And whereas at the Time of the passing of the said recited Act the Borough of Macclesfield was coextensive with the Township of Macclesfield only, but under the Provisions of the Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corpo- 5 & ^ rations in England and Wales, certain Parts of the adjoining Town- c. 76. [Local.] 4 N ships

124.

326 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvi.

ships of Sutton and Hurdsfield were for Municipal Purposes added to and now form Part of the Borough of Macclesfield: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act of the Eleventh \ ear of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth should be repealed, and that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the said Borough should be enabled to construct additional and more extensive Works for better supplying the said Borough with Water, and that Powers should be given for regulating the Markets and Fairs now held in the said Borough, and for establishing other Markets and Fairs therein, and for other Purposes relating to the Government of the said Borough, but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Recited Act by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act passed in repealed. the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth shall be and the same is hereby repealed from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, but without Prejudice to any Acts or Proceedings previously had, done, or transacted under or pursuant to the said Act.

Commence-

II. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take meat of Act. effect from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine.

Interpretation of Terms.

III. And be it enacted, That the following Words and Expressions in this Act and any Act or Part of any Act incorporated therewith shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction;

(that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females : The Word " Person " shall include a Corporation, whether aggregate or sole:

The Word "Lands" shall include Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of any Tenure:

The Word " Street" shall extend to and include any Road, Square, Court, Alley, and Thoroughfare within the Limits of this Act: The W'ord " Month " shall mean Calendar Month:

The Expression " Superior Courts " shall mean Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record at Westminster:

1 he Word "Oath" shall include Affirmation in the Case of Quakers, and any' Declaration lawfully substituted for an Oath in the Case of any other Person allowed by Law to make a Declaration instead of taking an Oath:

The Word "Justice" of the Peace shall mean Justice of the Peace acting for the Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of any such Justice arises; and where any Matter is authorized or required to be done by Two Justices, the Expression "Two

6 Justices"

327

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xsxi.

Justices" shall be understood to mean Two or more Justices met and acting together:

The Expression "Quarter Sessions" shall mean the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Chester:

The Word'" Cattle " shall include Horses, Asses, Mules, Sheep,

Goats, and Swine.

IV. And be it enacted, That all Officers appointed or acting under Officers the said Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King actmj; under George the Fourth, and who on the Day of the Commencement of c.i24.t’ocon-this Act shall hold Office thereunder, shall thenceforth continue

tinue until

to hold Office until they shall be removed under the Power herein- removed, after contained.

V. And be it enacted, That after the Commencement of this Act, Power to it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, if remove they shall think fit, at any Time or Times to remove from Office all officers, or any of the Officers appointed under the said Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth.

VI. And be it enacted, That all the Clauses and Provisions of Provision* of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847> with respect to the Accounta- 11 bility of Officers and the Remedies against them in case of their Accounta-" failing to account shall be incorporated with this Act, and shall apply bility of

to all Officers who on the Day of the Commencement of this Act existing Offi-shall hold Office under the said Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign ®ers’f° "PP^ of King George the Fourth.

VII. And be it enacted, That notwithstanding the repealing by Power to this Act of the said recited Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the recover Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth it shall be lawful j^L’ars of for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses from and after the 1 ates-Commencement of this Act to demand, recover, and receive ail Rates

and Rents, and Arrears of Rates and Rents, Penalties, and Sums of Money now due or owing to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses under or by virtue of the said first-recited Act, as fully and effectually and by the same Ways and Means as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, or the Committee appointed under the said recited Act, might have demanded, recovered, and received such Rates, Rents,

Penalties, or Sums of Money and Arrears in case this Act had not been passed.

VIII. And whereas the Macclesfield Waterworks Committee ap- Existing pointed under the said first-recited Act and the said Mayor, Aldermen, Debts to be and Burgesses respectively have, under the Powers vested in them Paid by

for that Purpose, contracted Debts on Mortgages and otherwise, CorPoration-and it is expedient to provide for the Payment of the said Debts: Be it therefore enacted, That after the Commencement of this Act all Mortgages, Bonds, Debts, and Sums of Money which before the Commencement of this Act were given, contracted, and were payable by the said Waterworks Committee, and Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses respectively in relation to the said first-recited Act or otherwise according to Law, shall, together with all Interest due or to

accrue

328 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvi.

accrue due thereon, be paid by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the said Borough, out of the Rents or Rates and other Property hereby or otherwise respectively made applicable for that Purpose, and shall have the same Priority as nearly as Circumstances will admit as they had previously to the Commencement of this Act, and shall be recovered in like Manner as the same could have been recovered from the said Waterworks Committee, and Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses respectively, previously to the Commencement of this Act.

Existing

IX. And he lt enacted, That from and after the Commencement of Contracts, this Act all Contracts, Assurances, and Proceedings made, commenced, &-c. to bind 0r entered into with, against, or by the said Waterworks Committee, dermen 'and aru* Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and all Penalties, Forfeitures, largesses!'11 and Obligations incurred by them respectively in relation to the Execution of the said Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, shall and may be carried on and enforced with, against, and by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses in the same Manner and as fully and effectually as if this Act had not been passed.

Actions, &c. X. And be it enacted, That no Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other not to abate. Proceeding whatsoever, commenced by or against the said Waterworks Committee, or the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, previously to the Commencement of this Act, shall thereupon abate or be discontinued or prejudicially affected by this Act, but on the contrary shall continue and take effect in favour of or against the same Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses as the same would have continued and taken effect against or in favour of the respective Parties if this Act had not been passed.

10& M Vict.

XI. And be it enacted, That "The Waterworks Clauses Act, c. 17. incor- 1847," shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act, and Ub™ActWl111 s*ia^ aPPb’ as weh to the Waterworks and Works connected therewith hereby authorized to be made as to the existing Waterworks of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and the Works connected therewith, except so far as the Provisions of the said Waterworks Clauses Act are expressly varied or altered by this Act, or are inconsistent with the Provisions or inapplicable to the Purposes of this Act.

8& 9 Vict.

XII. And be it enacted, That " The Lands Clauses Consolidation C. 18. incor- Act, 1845," shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act, r,rAecrh except sucl1 the Provisions of the same Act as are expressly varied or altered by this Act, or are inconsistent with the Provisions or inapplicable to the Purposes of this Act.

Not to take

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Lands by Act or in the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act contained shall except'for"' aut'l01‘ze t,lc saitl Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses to purchase, take, Waterworks. or use any Lands or other Hereditaments, except for the Purpose of the Waterworks and the Works connected therewith, herein-after described and compulsorily authorized, unless with the Consent of and by Agreement with the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers thereof.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvi. 3U

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act and the several Acts and ^‘trfuction Parts of Acts incorporated therewith shall be read and construed as if

the Words " Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough ol Macclesfield acting by the Council of the said Borough" were inserted therein, instead of the Words " Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses,

" Undertakers," "Commissioners," "Company," or other Designation, as the Case may be, wherever the same respectively occurs; and such Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses by such Council shall have, exercise, and execute the Powers, Authorities, and Duties hereby conferred, authorized, or required according to the Laws for the Time being in force with respect to Municipal Corporations in England and Wales.

[Short Title.]

XV. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in Deeds, Instruments, and legal and other Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Macclesfield Borough Waterworks Act, 1849-"

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Limits of this Act shall com- Limits of prise and include the whole of the Borough of Macclesfield, as defined

for Municipal Purposes by the said Act passed in the Session of ■^n<jc*!l'| L Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King Borough. William the Fourth.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Bur- Powers of gesses of the said Borough shall and may, subject to the Provisions the Mayor, of this Act and the Acts and Parts of Acts incorporated therewith, c‘ maintain the said existing Waterworks and Works connected therewith, and construct the additional Waterworks and Works connected therewith herein-after referred to, and supply the said Borough and the Inhabitants thereof with Water, and may, within the said Borough of Macclesfield, exercise all the Powers vested in them by this Act and the Acts and Parts of Acts incorporated therewith.

XVIII. And whereas Plans and Sections showing the Lines and Power to Levels of the intended new Waterworks, and also a Book of Reference make Water-containing the Names of the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers or wor,k.s ac‘ reputed Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands and Streams in depoJifert° or through which the same are intended to be made or to pass, have Plans, been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester:

Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, subject to the Provisions and Restrictions in this Act and the said Acts incorporated therewith contained, to make and maintain the said Waterworks, together with Reservoirs, Conduits,

Pipes, and other Works in the Line and on the Levels and upon the Lands delineated on the said Plans and described in the said Book of Reference, and to purchase, enter upon, take, and use such of the Lands, Streams, and Waters mentioned in the said Plan and Book of Reference as shall be necessary for that Purpose, and to agree for a Lease or User of all or any of such Lands, Streams, and Waters, and to take therefrom such Water as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses may require for the Purposes of this Act.

330

Owners may grant Leases.

Mayor, &c. may take Water from certain Brooks and their Tributaries.

Lateral

Deviations.

Mayor, &c. may also |turchase Streams, Water Lands, &c. by Consent.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvl

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Persons empowered by the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to convey Lands shall have full Power to make Leases or Grants of any Lands, Streams, and Waters, and the User thereof, and any Easement, Power, or Authority in or over such Lands, Streams, or Waters, for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that in all such Leases or Grants, when made by any Individual who shall be entitled to any other Estate than a Fee Simple for his own Use, or by any Corporation, there be reserved the best Rent or Remuneration that can reasonably be gotten for the Premises thereby demised or granted, payable half-yearly or oftener, and that no Premium, Fine, Grassum, or Foregift be taken for making the same.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses from Time to Time to take and store up in the said Reservoirs and Works constructed or so to be constructed as aforesaid the Waters of any Springs, Brooks, Rivulets, Streams, and Drains which may be intercepted or collected by any of the intended Works, and from Time to Time to draw off and use the Waters so stored up for the Purposes of this Act, and for the Purposes aforesaid to alter and divert the Course of the said Springs, Brooks, Rivulets, Streams, and Drains and their Tributaries to the Extent and in manner shown on the said Plans: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses to divert or intercept any Springs, Brooks, Rivulets, or Streams which at present directly or indirectly supply with Water the Macclesfield Canal or the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey.

XXI. And be it enacted, That in constructing the said Waterworks the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall not deviate from the Line of the Works laid down on the said Plans more than Eleven Yards : Provided always, that no such Deviation shall extend to a greater Distance than the Limits of Deviation delineated on the said Plans, and that the Works by means of such Deviation be not made to extend into the Lands of any Person not mentioned in the said Books of Reference without his previous Consent in Writing, unless the Name of such Person shall have been omitted by Mistake, and the Fact that such Omission happened from Mistake shall have been certified in manner provided by the " Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847," herein referred to.

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, if they shall think fit, to purchase by Agreement, or take upon Lease, or rent or hire, upon such Terms and for such Considerations as shall he agreed upon, the whole or any Part of any Waterworks, Reservoirs, Canals, Rivers, Cuts, Sluices, Aqueducts, Conduits, Brooks, Streams of Water, Ponds, Springs, Wells, Rivulets, Watercourses, Lands, and Hereditaments not mentioned in the said Plans and Books of Reference, or of any Rights therein respectively, for the Purpose of supplying the said Borough or any Part thereof with Water, and for making and providing Reservoirs, Banks, Aqueducts, Conduits, Buildings, Dams, Conveniences,

331

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvi.

veniences, and other Works for storing, protecting, conveying, and making available the same.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Quantity of Lands to be taken by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses for additional or extraordinary Purposes for the Waterworks and Works connected therewith hereby compulsorily authorized to be made shall not exceed in the whole Thirty Acres.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Powers of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses for the compulsory Purchase or taking of Lands and Hereditaments for the Purposes of the said Waterworks and Works connected therewith shall not be exercised after the Expiration of Three Years from the Commencement of this Act.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Waterworks hereby compulsorily authorized shall be completed within Five Years from the Time of the Commencement of this Act, and on the Expiration of such Period the Powers by this or the said incorporated Acts granted to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses for executing such Works, or otherwise in relation thereto, shall cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the said Waterworks as shall then be completed.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall be entitled to receive from every Person supplied with Water by them, under the Provisions of this Act and other Acts or Parts of Acts incorporated herewith, or any of them, such Rent or Sum of Money according to the annual Value of the Tenements supplied with Water as shall be agreed upon between the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses and such Person, according to the Scale following; (that is to say,)

Where the annual Value of such Tenement shall not exceed Twenty Pounds per Annum, the Water Rent shall not exceed per Annum One Shilling and Three-pence in the Pound upon such Value:

Where such Value shall exceed Twenty Pounds and shall not exceed Forty Pounds per Annum, the Water Rent shall not exceed per Annum One Shilling and Four-pence Three Farthings in the Pound upon such Value:

Where such Value shall exceed Forty Pounds and shall not exceed Sixty Pounds per Annum, the Water Rent shall not exceed per Annum One Shilling and Three-pence Halfpenny in the Pound upon such Value:

Where such Value shall exceed Sixty Pounds per Annum and shall not exceed Eighty Pounds per Annum, the Water Rent shall not exceed per Annum One Shilling and Two-pence Farthing in the Pound upon such Value:

Where such Value shall exceed Eighty Pounds per Annum and shall not exceed One hundred Pounds per Annum, the Water Rent shall not exceed One Shilling and a Penny in the Pound upon such Value:

Limiting Quantity of Lands to be taken.

Period for compulsory Purchase of Lands limited.

Period within which Works are to be completed.

Power to Mayor, &c. to receive Rents for Water.

And

3.32

Supply of Water for manufacturing Purposes.

Rates how to be recovered.

Definition of domestic Purposes.

Application of Water Rates.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvi.

And where such Value shall exceed One hundred Pounds per Annum, the Water Rent shall not exceed One Shilling in the Pound upon such Value:

Provided nevertheless, that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall not be entitled to receive from any Person in respect of a Supply of Water to any Dwelling House or Part of a Dwelling House more than the Sum of Ten Pounds in any One Year, and that they shall not be obliged to furnish a Supply of Water to any Person for any less Sum than Five Shillings per Annum.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That in case of Manufacturers or other Persons requiring a Supply of Water for the Purposes of any Trade or Business whatsoever, or for any Purpose other than domestic Purposes, such Supply shall be furnished at such Rent or Rate, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as may be agreed upon between the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses and such Persons respectively,

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all Arrears of Rates or Rents may, when the same do not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, be recovered, with Costs, either by Distress or Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons respectively liable to pay the same, wdierever such Goods and Chattels may be found, in like Manner as Rent reserved on common Demises or under the Provisions of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, subject to such Appeal to the Quarter Sessions as is thereby provided; and when such Arrears shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, the same may be recovered in the Manner provided by the said Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847,

XXIX. And be it enacted, That a Supply of Water for domestic Purposes shall not include a Supply of Water for Horses, Cattle, or for washing Carriages, or for any Trade or Business whatsoever.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all Monies arising from the said Water Rates or Rents, and from Arrears of Water Rates or Rents, and Penalties and Debts connected therewith, due to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, shall, subject to the Mortgages for the Time being affecting the same, be applied as follows:

Firstly, in paying the Interest due on any Mortgages or other Securities now owing on the said existing Waterworks and Water Rates or Rents, or any of them:

Secondly, in paying the Interest of any future Mortgages or Securities on the said present and any future Waterworks and Water Rates or Rents, or any of them, and the Expenses of maintaining, conducting, carrying on, and regulating such Waterworks, and other the Works and Matters hereby authorized:

1 hirdly, the Residue of such Monies shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the said Borough, to be carried to the Account of " The Borough Fund," and shall be applied and disposed of as Part of such Fund, according to the Provisions of the said Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth.

t

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvi. 333

XXXI. And be it enacted, That all Pipes and other Conduits to Gas Pipes be laid or used for the Conveyance of Gas in, under, through, along, "a"*|t"it|fin across, or round any Street or other Place within the Limits of this T|iree Feet Act shall be laid at the greatest practicable Distance, and, if the Width of Water of such Street or other Place will allow thereof, at the Distance of Pipes-Three Feet at least from the nearest Part of any Pipe or Conduit already laid down or hereafter to be laid down for the Conveyance of Water in, under, through, along, across, or round any of the said Streets or other Places, except in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to lay any Gas Pipe across any Water Pipe or Conduit for the Conveyance of Water, in which Cases such Gas Pipe shall be laid above such Water Pipe at the greatest practicable Distance therefrom, and shall form therewith a Right Angle, or as nearly so as may be, and every such Gas Pipe so crossing any Water Pipe or Conduit for Water shall be of such Length that no Joint thereof shall be nearer to any such Water Pipe or Conduit for Water than Three Feet at least, and that in laying down such Gas Pipes the Undertakers or other Persons or Corporation supplying Gas shall in no case join Two or more Gas Pipes together previous to their being laid in the Trench, but shall lay each Pipe as near as may be in its Place in the Trench, and shall in such Trench properly form the joining with the other Pipes to be added thereto with proper and sufficient Materials, and shall also make and keep all such Pipes, and all Pipes communicating therewith, and all the Screws and Joints thereof respectively Air-tight, so as to prevent the Gas from escaping therefrom.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That as Compensation to the Owners Compensa-and Occupiers for the Time being of the Mills and Works of tion to -V'11' Messieurs Isaac Smith, Samuel Smith, and William Pritchard, or any Co's^a/0' of them, and of Messieurs Charles Wood and Richard Wood, situate Water, in Sutton aforesaid, and which may be affected by the Waterworks hereby compulsorily authorized, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall and they are hereby required to discharge from and out of the intended Reservoir, to be called the Bottoms Reservoir, on each and every working Day, for the Supply of the said Mills and Works, a Quantity of Water equal at least to Three Cubic Feet per Second for Twelve Hours of every working Day.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of ascertaining Mayor, the actual Quantity of Water as Compensation so passing out of the to construct said Bottoms Reservoir, and for the Purpose also of securing and G?ug^.an.d making available for the said Waterworks the Surplus or Flood Waters " °r *' only of the Streams called the Walker Barn Brook or Stream and Pyegreave Brook or Stream, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall and they are hereby required, at their own Costs, to make and construct and for ever thereafter maintain all proper Weirs,

Gauges, and other Works, and which Weirs, Gauges, and Works shall be made and constructed, if the Owners for the Time being of the said Mills and Works shall so require, under the Direction and Superintendence of Two Engineers, one to be appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and the other by the said Owners for the Time being of the said Mills and Works, with Power to such

4 P

Engineers

334 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cajo.xxvi.

Engineers in case of Difference to choose an Umpire between them, and their or his Decision shall be final and conclusive, and all Expenses of such Arbitration shall be paid by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, or Owners, as the said Arbitrators or Umpire shall direct.

Owners ami

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owners Occupiers of ancj Occupiers of the said Mills and Works to have Access at all Access to"6 Times by themselves, their Agents or Servants, to the said Weirs, Gauges. Gauges, and Works of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, for the Purpose of viewing and examining the same, and of ascertaining, measuring, and gauging the Quantity of Water passing through or over the same; and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall at all Times provide a proper Person, at their own Expense, to attend to their said Weirs, Gauges, and Works, and to regulate the letting out of the Compensation Water from the said Bottoms Reservoir.

Penalty for Failure to supply the stipulated Quantity of Water.

Application of Monies arising from Sale of superfluous Lands.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That in case of any Neglect or Default by or in consequence of which the Quantity of Compensation Water required as aforesaid to be discharged from the said Bottoms Reservoir shall not be sq discharged therefrom, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall, for every Day on which such Neglect or Default shall occur, forfeit and pay, by way of Penalty, to the Occupiers of the said Mills and Works who may sue for the same in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts, the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, but such Penalty shall not be incurred if the Want of such Discharge of Water shall arise from unavoidable Cause or Accident or necessary Repairs; and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall make good, repair, and restore the Works with all convenient Speed.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That all Monies which shall come to the Hands of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses in consequence of the Sale of any superfluous Lands and Hereditaments under the Provisions of this Act and of the Acts incorporated therewith, or any of them, shall he applicable to all or any of the Purposes herein authorized, and, subject thereto, shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the said Borough, to he carried to the Account of "The Borough Fund," and shall be applied and disposed of as Part of such Fund according to the Provisions of the said Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth.

to & ll Vict.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the "Markets and Fairs v. 14. Clauses Act, 1847," shall be incorporated with this Act, and shall wkhThuT1*"'" aPP'y as we^ to the existing Market Places and Places for holding ACt. * Fairs and the Markets and Fairs there holden, as also to all other Market Places and Places for holding Fairs and the Markets and Fairs to be holden within the Limits of this Act, except so far as the Provisions of the said Markets and Fairs Clauses Act are expressly varied or altered by this Act, or are inconsistent with the Provisions or inapplicable to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, when and as they shall think

s it

Power to enlarge the

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvi.

it expedient so to do, to enlarge and improve all or any of the present Market Places or Places for holding Fairs, or in lieu thereof or in addition thereto to set up, make, and maintain on any Land which may belong to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, or which they are hereby empowered to purchase and may purchase tor such Purpose, or on any waste or open Spaces of Land within the Limits of this Act, such other Market Places and Places for holding Fairs for the Sale of Meat, Fish, Provisions, Agricultural Produce, Cattle and Animals, and of all other marketable Commodities, with such Erections, Buildings, Stalls, Standings, Slaughter-houses, and other Conveniences therein, and Avenues and Approaches thereto, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall think expedient and necessary.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That when sufficient new Market Places and Places for holding Fairs shall have been provided as aforesaid it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses either to discontinue the Use of the present Market Places and Places for holding Fairs as such, and to sell and dispose of the same, or to use and convert the same for any other Purpose whatsoever, or to continue the same as such Market Places and Places for holding Fairs as aforesaid, notwithstanding the setting up, making, erecting, building, and establishing of such other Market Places and Places tor holding Fairs as aforesaid.

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, if they shall think fit, to purchase by Agreement, or to take upon Lease, or rent, or hire, and upon such Terms and for such Considerations as shall be agreed upon, any Lands or Hereditaments which they may think proper for the Purpose of improving the said existing Places for holding Markets and Fairs, and of making such new Places for holding Markets and Fairs as aforesaid, and for making proper Approaches thereto, and for providing Slaughter-houses and other Conveniences connected therewith.

XLI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses from Time to Time to demand and take from any Person occupying or using any Ground, Building, Stall, Stand, Shamble, Pen, or Place in any existing or future Place for holding any Market or Fair, or bringing into any such Market or Pair any Cattle or Animals, or other marketable Commodities, Articles, Matters, or Things specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed! such Stallages, Rents, Payments, and Tolls as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the Stallages, Rents, Payments, and Tolls specified in the said Schedule.

XLII. And be it enacted, That all Monies arising from the said Stallages, Rents, Payments, and Tolls, Markets, and Fairs, or any Lease thereof, as herein-after mentioned, or from any Debts or Sums of Money which on the Commencement of this Act shall be due to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses in respect of or in reference

to

335

present Market Places, or to erect others.

When new Markets provided, Council may discontinue old ones.

Power to take Lands for Markets • nd Fairs by Agreement.

Tolls to be taken for the Markets and Fairs.

Application of Tolls for Markets.

33G 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvi.

to the existing Stallages, Rents, Payments, and Tolls, Markets, and Fairs, shall, subject to the Mortgages for the Time being affecting the same, be applied as follows:

Firstly, in payment of the Interest due on any Mortgages or other Securities now owing on the existing Stallages, Rents, Payments and 'lolls, Markets and Fairs, and the Lands, Buildings, and Premises connected therewith, or any of them:

Secondly, in paying the Interest of any future Mortgages or Securities on the said existing and any future Stallages, Rents, Payments and Tolls, Markets and Fairs, and the Lands, Buildings, and Premises connected therewith, or any of them, and the Expenses of maintaining, conducting, carrying on, and regulating the said present and future Markets and Fairs, and the present and future Places for Markets and Fairs, and other the Works and Matters hereby authorized:

Thirdly, the Residue of such Monies shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the said Borough, to be carried to the Account of " the Borough Fund," and shall be applied and disposed of as Part of such Fund, according to the Provisions of the said Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth.

Power to let

XLIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said the Markets, Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses from Time to Time to demise and t'canTTl'ree let the said Markets and Fairs, Stallages, Rents, Payments, and Tolls, and the Lands, Buildings, Premises, and Matters connected therewith, or any of them, for any Period not exceeding Three Years, upon such Terms as shall be agreed upon between the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses and the Person to whom such Lease may be made.

Certain Pro-

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the Powers and Provisions of visions of "The Towns Police Clauses Act, 1847," with respect to Obstruc-c'^ra'to Ct t'ons and Nuisances in the Streets, with respect to Fires, with respect apply to this to Places of public Resort, and with respect to Hackney Carriages, Act. shall be applicable to and be exercised in the said Borough of Mac-

clesfield and within the Limits of this Act, and that the Words "the Commissioners" in the said Police Clauses Act, 1847, shall in reference to this Act be construed to mean the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses acting by the Council of the said Borough.

Power to

XLV. And be it enacted, That every Inspector of Provisions, or enter Houses other Officer appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Bur-Butchers* gcsses for that Purpose, may and he is hereby empowered, at all Meat. reasonable Times, with or without Assistants, to enter into and inspect any House, Shop, Building, Stall, or Place kept or used for the Sale of Butchers Meat, Poultry, Came, Flesh, or Fish, or as a Slaughterhouse, and into any other House, Shop, Building, or Place in which any Butchers Meat, Poultry, Game, Flesh, or Fish intended for Sale for the Food of Man shall be, ami also to inspect any Basket or other Receptacle containing any Butchers Meat, Poultry, Game, Flesh, or Fish intended or hawked or carried for Sale for the Food of Man, and

to

337

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvi.

to examine any Animal, Carcase, Meat, Poultry, Game, Flesh, or Fish which may be therein respectively; and if the same appear to him to p?we!*° . be intended for the Food of Man, and to be unfit for such Food, the ^eunfi® same may be seized, and if it shall appear to a Justice of the Peace, for'use. upon the Evidence of a competent Person, that any such Animal,

Carcase, Meat, Poultry, Game, Flesh, or Fish is unfit for the Food of Man, he shall order the same to be destroyed, or to be so disposed of as to prevent its being exposed for Sale or used for such lood, and every Person to whom such Animal, Carcase, Meat, Poultry,

Game, Flesh, or Fish belongs, or in whose Custody the same is found, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence; and every Person who shall obstruct or hinder any such Penalty on Inspector or other Officer in making any such Entry, Inspection, or obstructing Seizure as aforesaid shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five nsPector-Pounds for every such Offence.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the Clauses of the " Towns Im- Visions of provement Clauses Act, 1847," with respect to ruinous and dangerous 10 & ll Vict. Buildings shall be incorporated with this Act. c- 34" in‘ ,

1 corporated.

XLVII. And whereas the estimated Expense of making the new p°*er to Waterworks for better supplying the said Borough with Water is borrow Fourteen thousand Pounds, and other Monies will be required for Mortgage, carrying the other Purposes of this Act into execution: Be it enacted,

That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses from Time to Time to borrow, at Interest, upon the Security of the Borough Rate of the said Borough and of any Property vested in or belonging to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, or which may be acquired by them under or by virtue of this Act, or otherwise howsoever, or on any One or more of such Securities, (but subject to the Mortgages and other Debts already charged thereon,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty-nine thousand Pounds, and in the event of all or any Part of such Monies being paid off by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, to re-borrow the same toties quoties, and for securing the Repayment of the Monies so to be borrowed, with Interest, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses may make and execute any Mortgage, Bond, or other Security.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That every such Mortgage or Security Form of shall be by Deed duly stamped, in which the Consideration shall be Mortgage, truly stated, and every such Deed shall be under the Common Seal of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Council not shall extend to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses to take, to sel1 or appropriate, use, sell, demise, mortgage, or alienate for the Purposes of ™ortsa§e this Act, without the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of Her without Con Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, any Lands, Tenements, sent of the or Hereditaments which they could not have taken, appropriated, Treasury, used, sold, demised, mortgaged, or alienated without such Approbation before the passing of this Act, anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. J

338

Mortgages to be without Preference.

Register of Mortgages to be kept, and to be open to Inspection.

Transfer or Assignments of Mortgages.

Register of Transfers to be kept.

Interest on Mortgages to be paid half-yearly.

Power to borrow Money at a less Rate to pay off Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest.

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxvi.

L. And be it enacted, That all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Securities shall hereafter be made, or who shall be entitled to the Monies thereby secured, shall, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, be Creditors on the Property and Funds which may he included in such Mortgages or Securities equally one with another without any Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing such Monies, or the Dates of any such Mortgages or Securities respectively, and the Principal Monies and Interests secured by such Mortgages or Securities, and all Expenses incident thereto, shall he provided for and paid by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and in the same Manner, in all respects as other Debts and Expenses incurred by Municipal Corporations are by Law directed to be levied, raised, and paid.

LI. And be it enacted, That a Register of such Mortgages and Securities shall be kept by the Town Clerk of the said Borough, and within Fourteen Days after the Date of any such Mortgage or Security an Entry or Memorial of the Number and Date thereof, and of the Names of the Parties thereto, with their proper Additions, shall be made in such Register, and such Register may be perused at all reasonable Times by any Person interested therein without Fee or Reward.

LII. And be it enacted, That from Time to Time any Party entitled to any such Mortgage or Security may transfer his Right and Interest therein to any other Person by a Deed duly stamped, wherein the Consideration shall be truly stated.

LIII. And be it enacted, That within Thirty Days after the Date of every such Transfer it shall be produced to the Town Clerk of the said Borough, who thereupon shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made in the same Manner as in the Case of the original Mortgage or Security, and for such Entry the Town Clerk may demand a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, and after such Entry every such Transfer shall entitle the Transferee, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage or Security in all respects, and no Party having made such Transfer shall have Power to make void, release, or discharge the Mortgage or Security so transferred or any Money thereby secured.

LIV. And be it enacted, That, unless otherwise provided by any Mortgage or Security, the Interest of the Money borrowed upon every such Mortgage or Security shall be paid half-yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto.

LV. And be it enacted, That if the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses can at any Time borrow or take up any Sums of Money for any of the Purposes of this Act at a lower Rate of Interest than any Mortgages or Securities given by them, and which shall be then in force, shall bear, then it shall be lawful for them from Time to Time to borrow such Sums of Money as they shall think proper, at such lower Rate as aforesaid, in order to pay off and discharge any Mortgages or Securities bearing such higher Rate of Interest, and in such Manner and on such Security, and subject to such Regulations, as are i herein

339

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. x\vi.

herein contained with respect to Monies borrowed on Mortgage or Security.

LVI. And be it enacted, That when and as often as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall, under the Provisions of this Act, be enabled and think it expedient to pay off One or more out of the Number of such Mortgages or Securities upon which the same Rate of Interest shall be payable, or a Part of the Money secured on any such Mortgage or Security, if the Person holding such Mortgage or Security shall consent to accept such Part, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall cause a Notice, signed by the Town Clerk of the said Borough, to be given to the Person entitled to the Money to be paid off, and such Notice shall express the Principal Sum proposed to be paid off, and that the same will be paid, together with the Interest due thereon, at a Place to be specified in such Notice, at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Date of giving such Notice, and at the Expiration of such Period the Interest of the Principal Money to be paid off shall cease, unless such Principal Money and Interest be not paid on Demand pursuant to such Notice, but such Principal Money and the Interest thereof to the End of the said Six Months shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

LVII. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of providing a Fund for paying off' the Principal Monies for the Time being owing by virtue of any Mortgage or Security made in pursuance of this Act, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall once in every Year, out of the said Borough Fund and other their Property and Income, or some or one of them, or some Part thereof, set aside such Sum of Money as they shall think proper, not being more than Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount of such Principal Monies, and the Sum so from Time to Time to be set aside, and also all other Monies which shall be applied by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses in augmentation of the said Fund, shall be applied in the Manner herein directed in payment, so far as the same will extend, of such Principal Monies, or the same shall be invested in the Public Funds, or on Government or Real Security, in the Names of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and the Dividends and Interest of the Monies so invested, when and as the same shall become due, shall be received and invested in like Manner, in order that the said Monies so set aside and invested may accumulate at Compound Interest, and when the accumulated Fund shall amount to a Sum which in the Opinion of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses can be conveniently applied for that Purpose, the Stocks, Funds, or Securities whereon the same shall be invested shall be sold or otherwise be converted into Money, and the Monies arising from any such Sale and Conversion shall be applied in the Manner by this Act directed in payment, so far as the same will extend, of the said Principal Monies, and so from Time to Time until the whole of the said Principal Monies shall have been discharged.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Party have committed any Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding in the Execution of this Act or any Act incorporated therewith, or by virtue of any

Power

Mode of paying off Mortgages.

Sinking Fund to be formed to pay off the Money borrowed.

Tender of Amends.

340 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvi.

Power or Authority thereby given, and if before Action brought in respect thereof such Party make Tender of sufficient Amends to the Party injured, such last-mentioned Party shall not recover in any such Action; and if no such Tender have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant by Leave of the Court where such Action is pending, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he thinks fit, and thereupon such Proceedings shall be had as in other Cases where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

Recovery of

LIX. And be it enacted, That the Clauses of the " Railways Penalties. Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and Penalties, and to the Determinations of any other Matter referred to Justices, shall be incorporated in this Act for all or any of the Purposes thereof.

Application

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding

of Penalties, anything in this Act or any Act or Part of any Act incorporated therewith contained every Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act or any Act or Part of any Act incorporated therewith, or by any Bye Law made in pursuance thereof respectively, shall, except where the Application thereof is otherwise specially provided for, be paid to the Treasurer of the said Borough to the Credit and on account of the Borough Fund of the said Borough.

Persons LX I. And be it enacted, That every Person who, upon any

Evide/3'86 Examination upon Oath under the Provisions of this Act or any Act liable to6 or Eart of any Act incorporated therewith, shall wilfully and corruptly Penalties of give false Evidence, shall be liable to the Penalties of wilful and Perjury. corrupt Perjury.

Water Rates, LX 11. And be it enacted, That all Water Rates or Rents due to Amount not sa*c* Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and all Damages, Costs, disputed, and Expenses, the Amount whereof shall not be disputed, may be may be recovered in the same Manner as is by this Act, or by any Act or recovered as Part of any Act incorporated herewith, provided where the Amount by other thereof shall be ascertained and determined by Two Justices.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall issue any Warrant of Distress for the Recovery of any Sum of Money payable under this Act, or any Act or Part of any Act incorporated therewith, to order that the Costs of the Proceedings for the Recovery of such Sum of Money shall be paid by the Person liable to pay such Sum of Money, and such Costs shall be ascertained by such Justice, and shall be included in the Warrant of Distress for the Recovery of such Sum of Money.

Rates may

LXIV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act, or any Act be recovered or Part of any Act incorporated therewith, contained shall prevent the in the County saic] Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses from recovering any Sum of Money which shall be due to them for Water Rates, Stallages, Rents, Tolls, or otherwise, or for Damages, Costs, or Expenses by Action, or

proceeding

Costs of Proceedings may be included in the Warrant of Distress.

341

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxv 1.

proceeding in such Manner as is by Law provided for the Recovery of Debts not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall Saving extend or be construed to extend to take away, defeat, lessen, alter, yxeee™et'^ns-or affect in anywise howsoever any of the Rights, Privileges, and Exemptions from the Payment of Rates, Tolls, and Duties now enjoyed by the Freemen of the Borough of Macclesfield.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Saving the take away, diminish, alter, prejudice, or affect any of the Properties, Winchester? Rights, Privileges, Powers, Franchises, or Authorities of or belonging Midfield, and to or vested in the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Lincolnshire Company, in relation to the Macclesfield Canal or otherwise how- Railway

LXVII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in the Saving the Acts incorporated therewith contained shall extend to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, Privileges, or Staffordshire Authorities vested in the North Staffordshire Railway Company, but Railway all their Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, under their Company, several Acts of Parliaments are hereby expressly reserved.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Undertaking be deemed or construed to exempt the said Mayor, Aldermen, and J!ot c*empt Burgesses from the Provisions of the "Public Health Act, 1848," v'°ions™t: or of any general Act relating thereto, or to the Subject Matter n&i2 Vict. thereof, which may pass during the present or any future Session of c. 63. Parliament.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expenses Expenses incurred or to be incurred by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Act-for the Purpose of obtaining and passing this Act, and connected therewith, shall be paid out of the Borough Fund and Borough Rate of the said Borough.

[Public Act.]

LXX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

4 R

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvi.

SCHEDULE of Tolls, Stallages, and Payments referred to and authorized to be taken in the present or future Markets and Fairs by the foregoing Act.

Freemen to be entitled to their ancient Exemptions.

From the Occupier of each Shop, according to the Size and Dimensions of the same; viz.

For each and every Superficial Foot thereof, inside Measure, s. d. If taken by the Year, not exceeding the Sum of - 6 8

by the Half Year, not exceeding the Sum of 3 4 by the Quarter, not exceeding the Sum of - 1 8

For each Market Day, or other Day in the Week, not exceeding the Sum of - - - 0 1

From the Occupier of each Butcher’s Stall, according to the Size and Dimensions of the same; viz.

For each and every Superficial Foot thereof.

If the Stall or Passage in front thereof be covered over from the Weather,

If taken by the Year, not exceeding the Sum of by the Half Year, not exceeding the Sum of by the Quarter, not exceeding the Sum of If not covered over as above,

If taken by the Year, not exceeding the Sum of by the Half Year, not exceeding the Sum of by the Quarter, not exceeding the Sum of If otherwise taken or occupied,—

If covered over as above,

For each Market Day, or other Day in the Week, not exceeding the Sum of If not covered over as above,

For each Market Day, or other Day in the Week, not exceeding the Sum of

From the Occupier of each Stand for Vegetables or other Articles raised above the Ground with progressive Steps or Benches, according to the Size and Dimensions of the same; viz.

For each and every Superficial Foot thereof,

If the Stand and Passage in front be covered over from the Weather,

If taken by the Year, not exceeding the Sum of 5 0 by the Half Year, not exceeding the Sum of 2 6 by the Quarter, not exceeding the Sum of 1 3

0 I

0 1

343

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xx\i.

If not covered over as above, 5- d-

If taken by the Year, not exceeding the Sum of 4 0

by the Half Year, not exceeding the Sum of 2 0

by the Quarter, not exceeding the Sum of 1 0

If otherwise taken or occupied,—

If covered over as above,

For each Market Day, or other Day in the

Week, not exceeding the Sum of - - 0 1

If not covered over as above,

For each Market Day, or other Day in the

Week, not exceeding the Sum of - - 0 1

From the Occupier of each other Stand or Bench, according to the Size and Dimensions of the same; viz.

For each and every Superficial Foot thereof,

If the Stand or Bench, and the Passage in front thereof, be covered over from the Weather,

If taken by the Year, not exceeding the Sum of 5 0

by the Half Year, not exceeding the Sum of 2 6

by the Quarter, not exceeding the Sum of 1 3

If not covered as above,

If taken by the Year, not exceeding the Sum of 4 0 by the Half Year, not exceeding the Sum of 2 0 by the Quarter, not exceeding the Sum of 1 3

If otherwise tajten or occupied,—

If covered over as above,

For each Market Day, or other Day in the

Week, not exceeding the Sum of - - 0 1

If not covered over as above,

For each Market Day, or other Day in the

Week, not exceeding the Sum of - 0 1

From the Occupier of each Compartment or Space on the Surface of the Ground, according to the Size and Dimensions of the same; viz.

For each and every Superficial Foot thereof,

If the Compartment and the Passage surrounding the same be covered over from the Weather,

If taken by the Year, not exceeding the Sum of 3 10 by the Half Year, not exceeding the Sum of 111 by the Quarter, not exceeding the Sum of 0 11^ If not covered as above.

If taken by the Year, not exceeding the Sum of 3 0 by the Half Year, not exceeding the Sum of 1 (j by the Quarter, not exceeding the Sum of 0 9

If otherwise taken or occupied,—

If covered over as above,

For each Market Day, or other Day in the Week, not exceeding the Sum of - - 0 1

If not covered over as above,

For each Market Day, or other Day in the Week, not exceeding the Sum of - - . o 0|

From

344

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvii

From the Occupier of each Standing in the Fish Markets, according to the Size and Dimensions of the same; viz.

For each and every Superficial Foot thereof, s. d.

If taken by the Year, not exceeding the Sum of 8 6

by the Half Year, not exceeding the Sum of 4 3

by the Quarter, not exceeding the Sum of 2 2

If otherwise taken or occupied,

For each Market Day, or other Day in the Week,

not exceeding the Sum of - - 0 1

And for every Bull, Cow, Ox, Steer, or Heifer, if sold by the Carcase - - - - - -26

And for every Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or Pig, if sold by the Carcase - - - - - -10

And so in proportion for every less Quantity than the entire Carcase.

And for the following Articles (if not exposed for Sale on any of the Stalls or Standing Places to be taken as above) the following Sums of Money for each and every Day of the Week; that is to say,

Fruit, single Horse Cart full - - - - 1 0

Hamper, Basket, Whisket, or Tub under One Bushel Imperial Measure - - - - 0

Hamper, Basket, Whisket, or Tub, exceeding One Bushel, but not exceeding One and a Half Bushel 0 1 Hogshead - - - - 0 4

Tierce - - - - - -03

Chest - - - - - - -02

Box - - - - - - 0 1

And so in proportion for every Excess.

Green Vegetables of all Sorts,

A Cart-load, according to Bulk, from id. to - 1 0

A Cart-load when loaded on the Wings higher than the Body, according to the Bulk, from Is. to - 1 6

Hamper, Basket, or Tub, not exceeding One Bushel Imperial Measure - - . - 0 0|

For a greater Quantity, per Bushel - - 0 0|

Poultry,

A large Basket - - - - 0 4

A small ditto - - - - - 0 2

Bacon or Pork, for every Flitch - - - - 0 2

In every Tierce, Barrel, or other Package, per Cwt. - 0 2

Cheese, for every Hundred Weight - - - 0 2

Butter and Eggs, in Boxes or Hampers, from 2d. to - 0 4

A large Basket - - - .-02

A smaller ditto 01

A Crate of Eggs 04

Fish, a Cart-load - ... . -06

Hamper or Pannier, Box or other Package - - 0 1

345

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

Earthenware and Glasses, when set out for Sale upon the Ground, according to the Quantity and the Quality of the Space or Ground covered with the same, not exceeding 50 superficial Square Feet, from 6d. to -Flowers, Flower Roots and Plants, a large Basket A smaller ditto -

Calicoes, Cloth, Linen, and Articles of Dress, each Skip or Basket, according to the Size thereof and Quantity of Goods, from 2d. to -

Provisions, a Basket, Barrow, or small Board, from 2d. to -Coopers Ware, a Skip, according to Size, from 2d. to Pastry, Spices, and Confectionery, a large Basket or Board A smaller ditto ditto ....

Coals, Turf, and other Fuel, a Cart-load -Pottery Ware, a Cart-load - ...

Shows and public Exhibitions, from 2d. to Books, old Iron, and Smallware, a Cart-load or Stall Flower Baskets, or Boards, according to Quantity and Quality, from 6d. to Nuts, for a Cart-load, from id. to ...

Basket

White Sand, Brooms, and Besoms, for a Cart-load

Basket

Oats, per Sack of S Imperial Bushels ... Wheat, Barley, Peas, and Beans in the Grain, per Sack of Four Imperial Bushels ...

Flour, for every Load consisting of Twelve Score Pounds in Weight -

Oatmeal, ditto - ditto

Carrots, for every 240 Pounds

For every Cart-load, loose Turnips, per Load of Sixteen Pecks -

Cart-load

Celery, per Five Dozen - ...

Onions, per Basket, under Three Pecks From Three to Four - ditto For every Three Pecks more - - - .

Potatoes, Peas, and Beans, per Load Bag Per Half Load Bag, and less Quantity A Half Load Sack, (containing 126 Pounds)

A Load Sack.

A Cart-load, not exceeding Twelve Sacks Ditto, exceeding Twelve Sacks -Italian Images and Pictures, a large Board or Basket

A smaller one - - ...

From every Person standing or walking in any open Space in the Market Place and exposing to Sale any Cutlery, Hardware, Mercery, Smallware or Goods of any Kind, per Day -

The above-mentioned Tolls and Stallage in the said Markets and Fairs to be paid and payable in respect of the Occupation of any Stall, Stand, Bench, [Local.] 4 5

s. d.

4 0

0 2

0 1

0 3

0 4

0 3

0 2

0 1

0 4

0 4

1 0

1 0

1 0

0 6

0 1

0 4

0 1

0 3

0 4

0 4

0 3

0 1

1 0

0 1

1 0

0 1

0 04

0 i

0 0>

0 ]

0 04

0 04

0 i

1 0

1 6

0 2

0 1

0 2

Com-

34<i 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.wvi.

Compartment, or Space of Ground as well by the s. d. original Taker or Occupier thereof for a Part or Portion of the Day as by any subsequent Taker or Occupier of the same for any other Part or Portion of the Day or Space of Time.

Hay and Straw, for each and every Cart Load of Hay,

Straw, Grass, Vetches, or other Article, Commodity, or Thing exposed for public Sale, if drawn by One Horse or other Beast, per Day the Sum of - - - 0 4

Ditto, ditto, when retailed - - - - 0 8

And when any of the preceding Articles are brought in a Waggon instead of a Cart, double the Amount of the Tolls fixed and appointed to be taken by virtue of this Act when brought in a Cart shall be taken.

During the ancient Fairs holden in each Year in all the Markets, double the Amount of the Tolls and Stallage which may be fixed and appointed to be taken by virtue of this Act according to the above Schedule, as far as respects the Shops, Stalls, Stands, Benches, Compartments, or Spaces of Ground occupied by the Day, and which may not be let or taken by the Year, Half Year, or Quarter, but not otherwise; and for Land occupied during such Fairs for Shows or public Exhibitions, as follows, viz.

For every Foot of-Frontage where not exceeding 30 Feet in Depth, per Foot - - - - - 5 0

Where exceeding 30 Feet, but not exceeding 60 Feet in Depth, per Foot - - - ..76

Where exceeding 60 Feet, but not exceeding 90 Feet in Depth, per Foot - - - ..89

Where exceeding 90 Feet in Depth, per Foot - - 10 0

Tolls to be taken in the Cattle Market and Fair. For the Exposure to Sale of Horses or other Beasts,

Cattle or Pigs, as follows; (that is to say,)

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding . - . 0 4

For every Colt or Filly ... . - .02

For every Mule or Ass - . - - 0 1

For every Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, or Steer - .02

For every Calf - - . . . -01

For every Score of Sheep or Lambs - - - 0 10

For every Score of Pigs - - - . - 0 10

And so in proportion for any greater or smaller Number; and One or more, not exceeding Five, to be paid for as a Quarter of a Score.

Tolls

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvi.

Tolls to be taken for Weighing and Measuring.

For weighing every Piece of Meat or Thing not weighing s. d.

more than Twenty Pounds Avoirdupois - - 0 0£

For weighing every Piece of Meat or Thing weighing more than Twenty Pounds and not exceeding 240 Pounds - - -- - -01

And so in proportion for any greater Quantity than 240 Pounds Weight - - - - - 0 2

For measuring every'Quantity of Goods and Things sold

by Measure, not exceeding One Bushel - - 0 0£

For measuring every Quantity more than One Bushel, and

not exceeding Two Bushels 0 1

And for every Bushel beyond Two Bushels - - 0 0£

Tolls to be taken for Weighing Machines.

For weighing every Cart Load of Hay or Straw - - 0 4

, , of Green Clover or Grass 0 3

, , of Coal or Manure - - 0 2

For weighing any other Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage 0 3

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

An Act for enabling the Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Completion of their Railways, to guarantee Interest on certain Shares, and for other Pur-

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, called " The Leeds and Thirsk Railway Act, 1845 And whereas Three several Acts were passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her said present Majesty, called respectively "The Leeds and Hartlepool Railway Act, 1846," " The Leeds and Thirsk (St. Helen's Branch Deviation) Railway Act, 1846," and " The Leeds and Thirsk Railway (Knaresborough Extension) Act, 1846 :" And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her said present Majesty, called " The Leeds and Thirsk Railway (Crimple Deviation and Carlton Junction) Act, 1847:" And whereas Four several Acts were passed in the last Session of Parliament, called respectively " The Leeds and Thirsk Railway (Alteration of Levels of Leeds and Hartlepool Railway, &c.) Act, 1848," " Th & Leeds and Thirsk Railway (Harrogate and Puteley Brandi, and East and West Yorkshire Junction Railv * lalgamation) Act, 1848," "The Leeds and Thirsk

Cap. xxvii.

poses.

[26th June 1849.]

4 T

Railway

350

Provisions of recited Acts extended to this Act

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvii.

Railway (Melmerby and Northallerton Junction) Act, 1848," and "The Leeds Central Railway Station Act, 1848:" And whereas under the Provisions of the said Leeds and Thirsk Railway Act,

1845, the Leeds and Hartlepool Railway Act, 184G, the Leeds and Thirsk Railway (Knaresborough Extension) Act, 1846, and the Leeds and Thirsk (Saint Helen’s Branch Deviation) Railway Act,

1846, the Company was empowered to raise for the Construction of the Railways and Works thereby authorized various Sums amounting in the whole to the Sum of One million three hundred and seventy-one thousand Pounds by Shares, and Four hundred and fifty-five thousand nine hundred and thirty-three Pounds by Loans, exclusive of the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds which by the said Leeds Central Railway Station Act, 1848, the Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company was authorized to raise as its Contribution towards the Expense of the Works by such last-mentioned Act authorized, and exclusive also of the Sum of Four hundred and nine thousand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds which by the said Leeds and Thirsk Railway' (Melmerby and Northallerton Junction) Act, 1848, and the said Leeds and Thirsk Railway (Harrogate and Pateley Branch and East and West Yorkshire Junction Railway Amalgamation) Act, 1848, the said Company was authorized to raise for the special Purposes of executing the Works in the said Two last-named Acts mentioned, and none of which Works have been yet executed, r.or has any Money been called up under the Powers of the said Two last-mentioned Acts or either of them : And whereas the said Company has raised the Sum of One million two hundred and fifteen thousand two hundred and twenty-two Pounds, or thereabouts, by Shares, and the Sum of Four hundred and twenty-one thousand nine hundred and thirty-three Pounds, or thereabouts, by Loans, and the whole of such Amounts has been expended upon the Works or for the Purposes by such Four first-recited Acts authorized: And whereas it is expedient that the said Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company should be empowered to raise a further Sum of Money for the Completion of the Railways authorized by the said Acts or some of them: And whereas the original Line of the Leeds and Thirsk Railway authorized by the said first-mentioned Act, with such Deviations or Alterations therein as have been sanctioned by subsequent Acts of Parliament relating to the said Company, will shortly be completed and opened for Traffic; and it is expedient that from and after such Completion so much of the Three last-mentioned Acts as enacts that it shall not be lawful for the Company to guarantee Interest or give any Preference in the Receipt of Dividends upon or in respect of the Shares to be created under the Authority thereof should be repealed : And whereas it is also expedient that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts should be explained, amended, and enlarged : But the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions contained in the said recited Acts, so far as the same are or may be applicable and now in force, and except such

4 of

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvii. 351

of them as are by this Act repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for, shall extend to this Act, and to the several Purposes thereof, and to the several Matters and Things hereby authorized to be done, as fully and effectually as if the said Provisions were re-enacted in this Act in reference to such Purposes, Matters, and Things; and the said recited Acts and this Act shall be construed and read together as forming One Act.

II. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of enabling the said Power to Company to complete the Railways and Works by the said recited Acts authorized it shall be lawful for them to raise the bum ot Pour by Creatioil hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by the ofnew Creation of new Shares or Stock, in addition to the Sums of Money Share?, which they are authorized to raise by their former Acts and the said "Leeds Central Railway Station Act, 1848;" and the new Shares or Stock to be created by virtue of this Act shall be considered Part of the general Capital of the Company, and the Shares so to be created shall be of such Amount, and shall be issued at such Times, in such Manner, and to such Persons, and with such Priority in the Payment of Dividends in preference to the Holders of other Shares in the Company (except as herein-after mentioned), not exceeding after the Rate of Seven Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the nominal Amount thereof, and with such other Rights and Privileges, as any General Meeting of the Company specially convened for the Purpose may determine: Provided always, that all and every Part of such Sum of Money so to be raised shall be applicable only to the Objects and Purposes by this Act authorized.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Priority in the Saving Payment of Dividends which may be assigned to any Shares to be Riga's of created by virtue of this Act shall not prejudice or affect any Priority Holders of in the Payment of Dividends which may have been assigned to any Preference other Shares in the Company by or in pursuance of any Act passed Shares, prior to the passing of this Act, but the Holders of such last-mentioned Shares shall be entitled to receive Dividends upon or in respect of such Shares to the Extent to which the same may have been guaranteed, in preference to the Holders of any other Shares in the said Company.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That Five Pounds per Calls.

Share shall be the greatest Amount of any One Call which the Company may make on the Shareholders in respect of the Money by this Act authorized to be raised, and Three Months at the least shall be the Interval between successive Calls.

V. And be it enacted, That after Shares for the whole of the Power to Capital in Shares by this and the said recited Acts limited or autho- borrow rized to be raised by the said Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company *Ioney on shall have been taken, and One Half of such Capital shall have been paid up, it shall be lawful for the Company to borrow on Mortgage or Bond such Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be authorized to be borrowed by Order of a General Meeting of the Company, not exceeding in the whole, in addition to the Sums authorized to be

borrowed

352

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxii.

borrowed by the said Company by the said recited Acts, the Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, and to secure the Repayment of the Sum so to be borrowed, with Interest, by Mortgage or Bond of the Undertaking, as by the " Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," provided, and subject to the several Provisions therein contained with respect to the borrowing of Money on Mortgage or Bond : Provided always, that all and every Part of such Sum of Money so to be borrowed shall be applicable only to the Objects and Purposes by this Act authorized.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Mortgages or Bonds granted by the Company before the passing of this Act, and which shall be in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall during the Continuance thereof have Priority over any Mortgages or Bonds to be created by virtue of this Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That every Mortgage, Bond, or other Security for Money, and every Transfer of any Share, Stock, Mortgage, Bond, or other Security for Money, to be granted or made by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall be by Deed duly stamped, wherein the Consideration for the same shall be truly stated, anything herein or in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Restriction

VIII. And be it enacted, That when and so soon as the original m certain of Ljne of the Leeds and Thirsk Railway authorized by the said first-'" mentioned Act, with such Alterations or Deviations therein or there-

from as shall have been sanctioned by any subsequent Act relating to the said Company, shall have been completed and opened for Traffic, so much of each of the said Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, called respectively " The Leeds and Thirsk Railway (Harrogate and Pateley Branch and East and West Yorkshire Junction Railway Amalgamation) Act, 1848," and "TheZeecfc and Thirsk Railway (Melmerby and Northallerton Junction) Act, 1848," and " The Leeds Central Railway Station Act, 1848," as enacts and declares that in the Creation of the new Shares or Stock by such Acts respectively authorized to be created by the Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company it shall not be lawful for the Company to guarantee Interest or give any Preference in the Receipt of Dividend upon or in respect of such new Shares or Stock, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be thenceforth repealed.

Former Mortgages to have Priority.

Morlgages, Transfers, &c. to be stamped.

the recited Acts against

granting

preference

Shares

repealed.

Power for

IX. And be it enacted, That when and so soon as such original Company to Line of Railway, with such Alterations and Deviations therein or crT"'shares'^ ^lere^10"1 as before mentioned, shall have been completed and opened inu‘ 'arC!" for Traffic, the Proprietors of any Shares which may be or may have been created by the said Company under the Authority and for the Purposes of " The Leeds and Thirsk Railway (Harrogate and Pateley Branch and East and West Yorkshire Junction Railway Amalgamation) Act, 1848," "The Leeds and Thirsk Railway (Melmerby and Northallerton Junction) Act, 1848," and " The Leeds Central Railway Station Act, 1848," respectively, shall be entitled to receive such Amount of Interest or Dividend in respect of such

Shares

353

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxvii.

Shares or any of them, in preference to the Holders of all other Shares in the Company (except any Shares to which any Priority in the Payment of Dividends may have been assigned by or in pursuance of any Act passed prior to the passing of this Act), not exceeding after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum on the nominal Amount of such Shares or any of them, and to such other Rights or Privileges in respect thereof, as a General Meeting of the Company may have directed or may hereafter direct.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Com- Interest not pany, out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the said Railway Company authorized to be raised by Calls in respect of |)aiJ up Shares, or by the Exercise of any Power of borrowing, to pay Interest or Dividend to any Shareholder on the Amount of the Calls made in respect of the Shares held by him in the Capital by this Act authorized to be raised: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall be deemed to prevent the said Company from paying to any Shareholder such Interest on Money advanced by him beyond the Amount of the Calls actually made as shall be in conformity with the Provisions in the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, in that Behalf contained.

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Deposits for

Company, out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating future Hills

to the said Railway Company authorized to be raised for the Purposes n°it(it"ubteot of such Act or Acts, to pay or deposit any Sum of Money which by t|‘,e any Standing Order of either House of Parliament, now in force or pany'* hereafter to be in force, may be required to be deposited in respect Capital, of any Application to Parliament for the Purpose of obtaining an Act authorizing the said Company to construct any other Railway or execute any other Work or Undertaking.

XII. And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of Railway the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to proride for Company to the Conveyance of the Mails by Railways; and another Act was besabjectt<l

passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, on & 2

intituled An Act for regulating Railways; and another Act was c. 98.," passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled 3& + V|ct. An Act for the better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance -'I^V of Troops; and another Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the c. 55 'Ct' Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to attach certain Con- 7 & 8 Vict. ditions to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to be c-85- an(l authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Par- 9 &4° Vi.ct-liament, and for other Purposes in relation to Railways; and CC'°" another Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways; and another Act was passed in the same Session, intituled An Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways; Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be held to exempt the said Railways or the said Company from the Provisions of the said several Acts respectively, but that such Provisions shall be in force in respect of the said Railways and Company so far as the same are applicable.

354

Railways to be subject to Provisions of future general Acts.

Expenses of Act.

Short Title of Act.

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cup.xxvii.

XIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Railways by the said recited Acts authorized to be made, or the Company, from the Provisions of any general Act relating to such Acts, or of any general Act relating to Railways, or to the better and more impartial Audit of the Accounts of Railway Companies, now in force or which may hereafter pass during this or any future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Rates of Fares and Charges authorized by the said recited Acts.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and attending the passing of this Act or incidental thereto shall be paid by the said Company out of the first Monies that shall come to their Hands, and in preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

XV. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments and other Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to refer to and describe it by the Title of " The Leeds and Thirsk Railway Act, 1849."

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA RKGIN/E.

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for making a short Railway to connect the lane of the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway with the Line of the London and Southwestern Railway; and for other Purposes.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, called " The Reading, Guildford, and 9 & 10 Vict. Reigate Railway Act, 1840," whereby " The Reading, Guildford, c. 171. and Reigate Railway Company" svere incorporated and authorized to make the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway from near the Line of the Great Western Railway and Berks and Hants Railway at Reading through Guildford to Reigate, and crossing the Line of the London and South-western Railway at or near Farnborough in the County of Southampton : And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, called " The Reading, Guildford, 10& 11 Vict. and Reigate Railway Amendment Act, 1847:" And whereas it is c. 241. expedient that a Railway should he made to connect the Line of the said Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway with the Line of the London and South-western Railway, and that further Power [Local.] 4 X should

358 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxviii.

should be given for facilitating the Construction of the Line of the said Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway, but the same cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Provisions of That all the Provisions in the said recited Acts contained, so far as the recited Acts same are applicable and now unrepealed and in force, and are not extended to jnconsistent with or altered by the Provisions of this Act, or of the "Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," or of the "Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," as extended to this Act, shall extend to this Act, and to the several Objects and Purposes thereof, as fully and effectually as if the same Provisions were re-enacted in this Act with reference to such Objects and Purposes.

8 & 9 Vict.

II. And be it enacted, That the Provisions of " The Lands Clauses cc. 18. & Consolidation Act, 1845," and of the " Railways Clauses Consolidation Crated with ^ct> 1845," in so far as the same may be applicable and are not incon-fliis' Act. 1 * sistent with the Provisions herein-after contained, shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act.

[Short Title.]

III. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway (Connexion with London and South-western Railway) Act, 1849."

Power to

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Reading, make branch Guildford, and Reigate Railway Company, with and out of any Monies Railway. which they are authorized to raise by the said recited Acts or either of them, and which will not be required for the Purposes of such Acts or either of them, to make the Railway herein-after mentioned, with all proper Works and Conveniences connected therewith; (that is to say,)

A Railway commencing by a Junction with the Line of the said Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway as at present authorized to be made in the Parish of Farnborough and County of Southampton, and terminating in the Chapelry of Frimley in the Parish of Ash in the County of Surrey by a Junction with the Line of the London and South-western Railway.

Railway to V. And whereas Plans and Sections of the said proposed Railway be made showing the Lines and Levels thereof respectively, and also Books of deposited10 Reference to such Plans containing the Names of the Owners and Plans. Lessees, or reputed Owners, Lessees, and of the Occupiers of the Lands which may be required to be taken for the Purpose thereof, have been deposited with the respective Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Surrey and Southampton : Be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions and Powers of Deviation contained in this and the said " Railways Clauses Consolidation Act," the said Railway shall be made in the Line or Course and upon the Lands delineated on the said Plans, and described in the said Books of Reference, and according to the Levels defined on the said Sections, and it shall be lawful

s for

359

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxviii.

for the said Company to enter upon, take, and use such of the said Lands as shall be necessary for the respective Purposes thereof.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company Land for to purchase and take any Quantity of Land not exceeding Five Acres "‘'"p*.' for extraordinary Purposes connected with the Railway and Works by pos's this Act authorized to be made.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Powers of the Company for the Period compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of this Act shall not

be exercised after the Expiration of Two Years from the passing of bg taken™ ° this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Railway by this Act authorized Period for to be made shall be completed within Two Years from the passing of

this Act, and on the Expiration of such Period the Powers by this and 0

the said recited Acts granted to the Company for executing the said Railway, or otherwise in relation thereto, shall cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the said Railway as shall then be completed.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Railway by this Act authorized To form Part

shall form Part of the Undertaking of the Reading, Guildford, and of theUnder-Reigate Railway Company, and as such shall be subject to the Pro- ' c

visions of the said recited Acts relating thereto, so far as the same Guildford, may be applicable. &c. Railway

Company.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company Xolls. to demand and receive in respect of the Use of the Railway by this Act authorized to be made, and of the Engines and Carriages employed thereon, any Tolls and Charges not exceeding the maximum Rate of Tolls and Charges which they are authorized to demand and receive in respect of the Use of the said Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway, and of the Engines and Carriages employed thereon, under and by virtue of the said Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway Act, 1846.

XI. And be it enacted, That every Passenger travelling upon the Passengers said Railway may take with him his ordinary Luggage, not exceeding Luggage. One hundred Pounds in Weight for each First-class Passenger, Sixty Pounds in Weight for each Second-class Passenger, and Sixty Pounds

in Weight for each Third-class Passenger, without any Charge being made for the Carriage thereof.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Deposits for Company, out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to future Bills the said Railway Company authorized to be raised for the Purposes of not to be such Act or Acts, to pay or deposit any Sum of Money which, by any l)aid out of Standing Order of either House of Parliament now in force or here- {wsTani-after to be in force, may be required to be deposited in respect of any tal. Application to Parliament for the Purpose of obtaining an Act authorizing the said Company to construct any other Railway or execute

any other Work or Undertaking.

360

Company not to interfere with London and Southwestern Railway, except for the Purposes of Junction.

Saving Rights of London and Southwestern Company.

Powers to carry Line of Railway across certain Roads on the Level.

Company to erect a Station or Lodge at the Points of crossing, and to abide by the Regulations of the Commissioners of Railways.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cajj.xxvYu.

XIII. And be it enacted, That notwithstanding anything in this Act contained it shall not be lawful for the Company, without tile Consent of the London and South-western Railway Company under their Common Seal first had and obtained, to acquire any Right or Property in any of the Lands of the same Company, but only the Right, subject to the Provisions of this Act, of forming and maintaining upon the Lands of the same Company such Works as shall be necessary and proper tor effecting a Junction by means of the Railway hereby authorized to be made with the Line of the said London and South-western Railway; and all such Works shall be formed and from Time to Time repaired and maintained, and all such Openings in the Ledges and Flanches of the same Railway as may be convenient for effecting such Junction shall be made at the Expense of the said Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway Company, under the Superintendence and Direction and to the Satisfaction of the principal Engineer for the Time being of the said London and South-western Railway Company.

XIV. And be it enacted, That, save as herein is expressly enacted, nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prejudice, alter, or take away any Rights, Powers, Privileges, or Authorities vested in the said London and South-western Railway Company.

XV. And whereas in the Construction of the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway it has been found expedient to carry the said Railway across the several Highways numbered on the Plans referred to in the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway Act, 181-6, as follows; that is to say, 46 in the Parish of Buckland, 37 in the Parish of Betchworth, 87 and 113 in the Parish of Dorking, 39 in the Parish of Abinger, 40, 65, 66, and 68 in the Parish of Shiere, 28 and 57 in the Parish of Albury, 21 in the Parish of Saint Martha, 1, 9, 30, 31, and 47 in the Parish of Shall'ord, 38, 68, and 100 in the Parish of Ash, all in the County of Surrey, on the Level with such Highways: Be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions contained in the said Railways Clauses Consolidation Act in reference to the crossing of Roads on the Level, it shall be lawful for the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway Company to carry the Railway by the first-recited Act authorized to be made across and on the Level of the said Highways respectively.

XVI. And be it enacted, That for the greater Convenience and Security of the Public the Company shall erect and permanently maintain either a Station or Lodge at the Points where the said Railway crosses the before-mentioned Roads on the Level, and the said Company shall be subject to and shall abide by all such Rules and Regulations with regard to the crossing of such Roads on the Level, or with regard to the Speed at which Trains shall pass such Roads, as may from lime to Time be made by the Commissioners of Railways; and if the said Company shall fail to erect or at all Times maintain any such Station or Lodge, or appoint a proper Person to watch or superintend the crossing at any such Point or Station, or to observe or abide by any such Rule or Regulation as aforesaid, they shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds, and also to a daily Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Day such Offence shall

continue

361

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxviii.

continue after such Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall have been incurred.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Railways, if it shall appear to them to be necessary for the public Safety, at any Time, either before or after the Railway hereby authorized to be carried across the said Roads on the Level shall have been completed and opened for public Traffic, to require the Company within such Time as the said Commissioners shall direct, and at the Expense of the Company, to carry any or either of the herein-before mentioned Roads either under or over the Railway by means of a Bridge or Arch in lieu of crossing the same on the Level, or to execute such other Works as under the Circumstances of the Case shall appear to the said Commissioners best adapted for removing or diminishing the Danger arising from any such level Crossing.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company permanently to stop up the several Roads numbered on the Plans referred to in the said " Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Act, 1846," as follows; that is to say, SI in the Parish of Albury in the County of Surrey, and 15, 20, and 26 in the Parish of Sandhurst in the County of Berks.

XIX. And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by Railway; and another Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating Railways; and another Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance of Troops; and another Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Construction offuture Railways authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament, and for other Purposes in relation to Railways; and Two other Acts were passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled respectively An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways, and An Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways; and another Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to give further Time for making certain Railways: Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be held to exempt the Railway by this and the said recited Acts authorized to be made, or the said Company, from the Provisions of the said several Acts respectively, but that such Provisions shall be in force in respect of the said Railway and Company so far as the same shall be applicable thereto.

XX. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Railways by this or the said recited Acts authorized to be made from the Provisions of any general Act relating to Railways now in force, or which may hereafter pass

Commissioners of Railways may require a Bridge to be erected in lieu of level Crossing.

Power to stop up certain Roads.

Railway Company to be subject to Provisions of 1 & 2 Vict, c. 98.,

3 & 4 Vict, c 97.,

5 & 6 Vict, c. 55.,

7 & 8 Vict, c. 85.,

9 & 10 Vict, cc. 57-105., and 11 & 12 Vict. c. 3.

Railways to be subject to Provisions of future generalActs.

362 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxviii.

during this or any future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Rates of Fares and Charges authorized by this Act.

Expenses of

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expenses

Act. of and attending the passing of this Act or incidental thereto shall be paid by the said Company, pari passu with the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of every other Act of Parliament passed in the present Session to which they may be liable, out of the first Monies which shall come to their Hands, and in preference to every other Payment whatsoever.

[Public Act.]

XXII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGIKE.

Cap. xxix.

An Act to vest the Stainforth and Keadby Canal in the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Dunn Navigation Cut at or near Stainforth in the West Riding of the County of York to join and communicate with the River Trent at or near Keadby in the County of Lincoln, and also a collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dunn in the Parish of Thorne in the said Riding, and by the said Act " The Company of Proprietors of the Stainforth and Keadby Canal Navigation " were incorporated: And whereas the Provisions of such Act have been amended and enlarged by Two other Acts passed respectively in the Thirty-eighth and Forty-ninth Years of the same Reign: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for making the River Dun in the West Riding of the County of York navigable from Holmstile in Doncaster up to the utmost Extent of Tinsley Westward, a 1'ownship within Two Miles of Sheffield, and another Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Dunn from a Place called Holmes-[ Local.] 4 Z stile

33G.3-c.ll7.

12G.1. c. 38.

13G.1.C. 80.

366 12° & 13° VICTOR IJE, Cap. xxix.

stile in the Township of Doncaster in the County of York to Wilsick House in the Parish, of Barmby Dunn in the said County.- And whereas the Provisions of such Acts have been amended and enlarged by certain Acts of Parliament passed respectively in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Sessions of Parliament held in the First and Second Years and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth : And whereas by the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second a Company was incorporated under the Style of " The Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River DunAnd whereas the Stainforth and Keadby Canal and the Navigation of the River Dun form, with the Aid of the Sheffield Canal, whereof the last-named Company of Proprietors are Lessees, a continuous Water Communication between the Trent and Humber on the one hand, and Sheffield and the manufacturing District of the West Riding of Yorkshire on the other, and it is expedient that the first-named Canal should be vested in the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, so that the said Canal and Navigation may be placed under one uniform System of Management: And whereas it is expedient that the Tolls now levied upon the said Canal should be diminished, and that certain of the Provisions in the said recited Acts should be amended : And whereas it hath been agreed between the said Canal and Navigation Companies that the said Navigation Company should enter into possession of the said Canal on the First Day of January last, and also that the said Canal and its Appurtenances shall be absolutely vested in the said Navigation Company, provided that the Authority of Parliament can be obtained for that Purpose : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Stainforth and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing and Keadby of this Act the said Company of Proprietors of the Stainforth and ^Ehln*N*e<* Keadby Canal Navigation shall be and the same is hereby dissolved, v'igation ant* the aforesaid Stainforth and Keadby Canal, and all Cuts, Reser-Company. voirs, Aqueducts, Feeders, Water Tanks, Basins, Pens, Dams, Embankments, Weirs, Locks, Sluices, Culverts, Drains, Soughs, Tunnels, Arches, Sewers, Bridges, Fences, Gates, Ways, Roads, Railroads, Towing Paths, Landing Places, Docks, Quays, Wharfs, Houses, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, Cranes, Weighing Machines, Engines, and other Works, to the same Canal, Cuts, Branches, and Communications respectively belonging, and all and every other the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Easements and Appurtenances whatsoever, of or to which the said Canal Company by virtue of their said recited Acts or by any other Means whatsoever was seised, possessed, or entitled, at Law or in Equity, on the First Day of January last, shall belong to and the same are hereby vested in the said Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun; subject nevertheless to the existing Debts, Rents, Annuities, Covenants, Liabilities, Engagements, Contracts, Obligations, and Incumbrances respectively affecting the same, or to which the said Canal Company was subject or liable, on the said First Day of January.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxix.

11 vui aiivi iiuiiiww.«wy i -- ' «/ . ucnuiiii an

shall perform and conform and be liable to, all Covenants, Conditions, Liabilities Agreements, Directions, Duties, Liabilities, Debts, Charges, and of Canal Restrictions to which the said Canal Company was at the Time of ComPau"yto the passing of this Act or but for this Act would have been or become p,[evpassing subject or liable, and shall indemnify the several Proprietors of Shares of this Act. in the said Canal, and the several Annuitants under this Act, their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns,

Estates and Effects, from and against all such Covenants, Conditions,

Agreements, Directions, Duties, Liabilities, Debts, Charges, and Restrictions, and all Costs, Charges, and Expenses to be occasioned or incurred by reason thereof, or of the Nonperformance or undue Performance of the same or any of them.

III. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the Chattels and passing of this Act all the Goods, Chattels, Boats, Barges, Trucks, Choses in Machines, Ropes, live and dead Stock, Bonds, Deeds, Securities, p"].t'°"®|an Choses in Action, Books, Writings, Maps, Plans, and other Personal Estate of the Estate, Chattels, and Effects of which the said Canal Company was Canal Com-possessed, or to which it was entitled, at Law or in Equity, on the Pa"y yesteti same First Day of January, so far as the same are capable of being 1"^av^ation transferred at the passing of this Act, shall be vested in and belong to P ' the said Navigation Company, for their absolute Benefit, subject as herein-after mentioned; and all Persons and Corporations who immediately before the passing of this Act owed any Sum of Money to the said Canal Company, or to any Person on their Behalf, shall pay the same, together with all Interest (if any) due or to accrue due thereon, to the said Na\igation Company; and all Debts and Monies which immediately before the passing of this Act were due and owing by or recoverable from the said Canal Company, for the Payment of which they were or but for the passing of this Act would have been liable, shall be paid, with all Interest (if any) due or to accrue due thereon, by or be recoverable from the said Navigation Company; and all Conveyances, Leases, Contracts, Agreements, Mortgages, Bonds,

Covenants, Securities, Debts, and Liabilities made, entered into, or incurred before the passing of this Act, to, with, in favour of, or by or for the said Canal Company, or any Person on their Behalf, shall be and remain as good, valid, and effectual in favour of, against, and with reference to the said Navigation Company, and may be proceeded on and enforced in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said last-named Company had been the Party to and had executed the same, or had been named or referred to therein, instead of the said Canal Company or Person.

IV. And be it enacted, That on the passing of this Act all the t’owersgiven Rights, Privileges, Powers, and Authorities by the said Canal Art* by the Canal

— • | * J 7 wtlMn K LVy Ci II vl Uc 1116 N ^V|

vested m the said Navigation Company, and may lawfully be used, tion Com-exercised, and enjoyed by the last-mentioned Company or the Company-mittee thereof, or their Law Clerk, Officers, Agents, or Servants respectively, and the Corporate Seal of the said Navigation Company

shall

3(>8

Certain Provisions of Canal Acts extended.

Actions, &c. not to abate, and Pcnalties to be recoverable.

Officers to account.

I

As to Monies paid into the

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxix.

shall be used, when necessary, in reference thereto, in like Manner as though the said Navigation Company had been originally named in the said Canal Acts instead of the said Canal Company.

V. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions, Enactments, Matters, and Things which by the Three first-recited Acts are to be obeyed, done, and performed by the said Canal Company, the Committee of Management, or the Clerk or other Officers or Servants thereof, and which are not repealed or rendered unnecessary by this Act or otherwise, shall from and after the passing of this Act be applicable to, and shall be obeyed, done, and performed by the said Navigation Company, and the Committee, Law Clerk or other Officers, and the Servants thereof, as though the same Provisions, Enactments, Matters, and Things had been originally prescribed and enacted concerning the last-named Company, instead of the Canal Company; and the Seal of the said Navigation Company may be used in all Matters requiring the same, in like Manner as the Seal of the said Canal Company was by the said Canal Acts authorized to be used.

VI. And be it enacted, That no Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceedings whatsoever, commenced either by or against the said Canal Company previously to the passing of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued or prejudicially affected by this Act, but, on the contrary, the same shall continue and take effect, both in favour of and against the said Navigation Company, in the same Manner in all respects as the same would have continued and taken effect in relation to the said Canal Company if this Act had not been passed; and all Penalties incurred for any Offence against the Provisions of the said Canal Acts or of any or either of such Acts previously to the passing of this Act shall and may be sued for, and all Offences which may have been committed before the passing of this Act against the Provisions of the said Acts, or any or either of them, shall and may be prosecuted, by and against the said Navigation Company, in such and the like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the same might have been sued for and prosecuted by and against the said Canal Company if this Act had not been passed, the said Navigation Company being in reference to the Matters aforesaid in all respects substituted in the Place of the said Canal Company.

VII. And be it enacted, That all Officers and Persons who after the passing of this Act shall have in their Possession or under their Control any Books, Documents, Papers, Writings, or Effects belonging to the said Canal Company, or to which the said Canal Company may be entitled, shall be liable to account for and deliver up the same to the said Navigation Company, or to such Person or Persons as they may appoint to receive the same, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Process, Pains, and Penalties for Refusal or Neglect, as though such Officers and Persons had been appointed by and become possessed of such Books, Documents, Papers, Writings, or other Effects for the said Navigation Company.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which, under the Provisions of the said Canal Acts, any Sum of Money has already

been

l

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxix.

been paid by the said Canal Company into the Bank of England, or to any Trustee or Trustees, on account of the Purchase of any Land or any Interest therein, or for any Compensation or Satisfaction, or on any other Account, such Sum, or the Stocks, Funds, or Securities in or upon which the same shall have been invested, by the Order of the Court of Exchequer or the Court of Chancery, or otherwise howsoever, and the Interest and Dividends thereon and the annual Produce thereof, shall be applied and disposed of pursuant to the said Canal Acts, and all the Clauses, Provisions, and Authorities contained in such Acts in relation to such Monies, Stocks, Funds, and Securities, and the Interest and Dividends thereon and the annual Produce thereof, shall for the Purposes of this Act be construed and taken as if the said Navigation Company were named in such Canal Acts instead of the said Canal Company.

IX. And be it enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament for the Benefit or Protection of the said Canal Company shall be of the like Force, Operation, and Effect, and shall appertain and attach to and be exercised and enforced by the said Navigation Company in as full and effectual a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the same Powers and Provisions would have appertained and attached to or might or could have been exercised and enforced by the said Canal Company in case this Act had not been passed.

X. And whereas the Undertaking of the Stainforth and Keadby Canal Navigation is divided into Two hundred and twenty-nine Shares: Be it enacted, That in consideration of the said Canal and Works, Property and Effects thereof, or of the Company of Proprietors thereof, and the Powers and Privileges appertaining thereto, being vested in the said Navigation Company, upon the Terms and in Manner in this Act mentioned, the said Navigation Company, their Successors and Assigns, shall yearly and every Year for the Term of Seven Years, unless in the meanwhile the Principal Sum herein-after mentioned has been paid, according to the Powers herein-after contained, well and truly pay or cause to be paid unto every Person who at the Time of the passing of this Act was the Proprietor of or entitled to any One or more of the said Two hundred and twenty-nine Shares, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, a fixed Payment or yearly Sum of Seven Pounds for and in respect of each such Share held by them respectively, and that such Pavment shall be computed and reckoned as from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine (from which Time the said Navigation Company shall have and be entitled to the Gains, Profits, and Proceeds of the said Canal, and the Works, Property' Effects, Powers, Privileges, and other the Matters and Things appertaining thereto), and shall from Time to Time be paid to the Persons for the Time being entitled thereto in net Monies, free and clear of all Deductions and Abatements whatsoever (except any Income or Property Tax, or other Tax in the Nature thereof, legally chargeable thereon,) in manner following; (that is to say,) by equal half-yearly Payments on the First Day of January and the First Day of July in each Year, the first of such half-yearly Payments to be due, or considered,

36£

Bank of England.

Provisions in other Company’s Acts in favour of Canal Company to remain in force.

Annual Payments to the Canal Proprietors until Principal Sum paid.

370

Receiver may be appointed for the Annuities in arrear.

As to Payment of Principal of Purchase Money.

Receiver may be appointed in case the Principal Money not paid.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxix.

deemed, or taken to be due, on the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine; and any Receipt or Receipts for the said first half-yearly Payment shall be a good Discharge for the same, or for so much thereof as shall be therein expressed to be received, notwithstanding that this Act may not at that lime have passed into a Law.

XI. And be it enacted, That in case Default shall be made in Payment of the said annual Payment or any Part thereof at the respective Times and in the Manner herein-before directed in that Behalf, and in case the same shall not be paid within Twenty-one Days next after Demand thereof in Writing shall have been delivered to the said Navigation Company, or to their Solicitor or Agent for the Time being, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York (not being interested in the Matter in question), on Application to them from Time to Time made by or on behalf of any One or more Person or Persons who shall then be entitled, together or alone, to an aggregate Amount of Arrears not being less than One hundred Pounds, whose annual Payment shall be so in arrear, by an Order under the Hands of such Justices to appoint some fit and proper Person to receive the Tolls, Rates, and Duties leviable and recoverable at any Office of the Navigation Company, until such annual Payment, together with the Costs of obtaining such Order, and of recovering and receiving such Tolls, Rates, and Duties, shall be fully paid (subject and without Prejudice nevertheless to the Claims and Demands of Mortgagees whose Securities bear Date prior to the passing of this Act for Recovery of the Principal Monies and Interest due to them respectively), and the Money so to be received by such Person so appointed as aforesaid is hereby declared to be so much Money received by or to the Use of the Party or Parties to whom such annual Payment shall then be due and in arrear as aforesaid, and after such annual Payment and Costs shall have been so satisfied the Power of such Receiver shall cease.

XII. And be it enacted, That on the Second Day of January which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six the said Navigation Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall well and truly payor cause to be paid unto every Person holding or entitled to hold on that Day the Certificate herein-after mentioned, the Principal Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, for which Sum of Money every Person receiving the same shall sign a Receipt, which may be in the Form set forth in the Appendix to this Act marked (A.), or to the like Effect, which Receipt shall be duly stamped, and shall be prepared and the Stamp thereof provided by the said Navigation Company.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in case Default shall be made in Payment by the said Navigation Company of the said Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds for and in respect of all and every or any of the Two hundred and twenty-nine Shares in the said Canal on or before the Second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, and in case the same shall not be paid within Three Months after Demand thereof in Writing shall have been delivered to the said Navigation Company, or their Solicitor or Agent for the Time being,

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxix. 371

being, (such Demand to be made at any Time on or subsequent to the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five,) it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons having made such Demand who shall be entitled, together or alone, to an aggregate Amount of One thousand Pounds in respect of Certificates given or granted under the Provisions of this Act, to recover the same by levying upon or receiving the Tolls, Rates, and Duties leviable and recoverable upon the said Canal and Navigation, under the like Powers or Authorities, and in like Manner in all respects, as herein-before is provided with respect to the recovery and enforcing the Payment of the annual Interest herein-before provided to be paid : Nevertheless it is hereby enacted, That this Power, and the said Power herein-before given for the Recovery of the said annual Interest when in arrear, shall not be held or taken in any way to supersede or lessen any Remedies to which the Persons entitled to such Principal Money or annual Interest would have been entitled, either at Law or in Equity, in case this present Power, and the said Power for the Recovery of the said annual Interest, had not been hereby given.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful Powertopay for the said Navigation Company (having given Three Months offCertifi-previous Notice of such their Intention) to pay to any Person holding

or entitled to hold a Certificate given or granted under the Provisions herein-after contained the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, in discharge thereof, at any Time before the said Second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six; and that upon Payment or Tender of the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds to such Person, together with a proportionate Part of the said annual Payment or Sum calculated from the last half-yearly Day of Payment up to the Day of Payment or Tender of the said Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, such Person shall sign a Receipt for the same according to Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect; and that after such Payment or Tender as aforesaid the said annual Payment of Seven Pounds shall absolutely cease.

XV. And be it enacted, That, on Demand by any Person holding Certificate or entitled to hold on the Day of the passing of this Act a Share in of Canal the said Stainforth and Keadby Canal Navigation, the said Company Securities-of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun shall cause a Certificate in respect of each Share according to the Form set forth

in Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, to be delivered, free of Expense, to such Person; and such Certificate shall have the Common Seal of the said Navigation Company affixed thereto, and shall specify the Number by which every such Certificate shall be known in the Books kept by the said Navigation Company.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Person who under the Pro- Canal Ceni-visions of this Act shall become the Proprietor of such Certificate flcates to be shall stand and be possessed thereof upon the same Trusts and for heId °" ,he the same Purposes, and with and under the same Powers and Pro- asThe ShT* visions respectively (subject nevertheless to the Provisions of this in respect™' Act), as the Share in the said Canal represented by such Certificate wl,ich they was at the passing of this Act held upon and subject or liable to, are Sramed-and so as to give Effect to and not revoke any Will or other testamentary

372 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxix.

tamentary Disposition, Contract, Settlement, Trust, Charge, or Agreement affecting the same Share made previously to the passing of this Act.

Canal Certificates Personal Estate, and chargeable on Dun Navigation Company and their Property.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the said Certificates shall be deemed to be Personal Estate, and not of the Nature of Ileal Estate; and that, notwithstanding the Dissolution of the said Canal Company, or any Clause, Matter, or Thing in this Act contained, the several Persons for the Time being holding or entitled to hold the said Certificates shall have and be deemed to have a Lien and Charge upon the said Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, their Successors and Assigns, and the Works, Undertakings, Property, and Effects for the Time being of the said Navigation Company, and upon the Tolls, Gains, and Profits thereof, reserving always to the existing Mortgagees a Priority over the Persons entitled to such Lien or Charge.

Certificate to

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Certificates shall be

be Evidence, admitted in all Courts as primd facie Evidence of the Title of the Party to whom the same shall be granted, his or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, to the Monies therein specified, nevertheless the Want of such Certificate shall not prevent the Party for the Time being entitled to such Monies from disposing thereof.

Transfer of

XIX. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Regulations herein Canal Certi- contained, every Person entitled to such Certificate may sell and ficate lobe transfer the same, and the Monies thereby secured; and every such stamped *' Transfer shall be by Deed duly stamped, in which the Consideration shall be duly stated; and such Deed may be according to the Form in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect.

Transfer of

XX. And be it enacted, That the said Deed of Transfer (when Canal Certi- duly executed) shall be delivered to the Law Clerk of the said Navi-fica.tes l0,be gation Company, and be kept by him, and the Clerk shall enter a ire . Memorial thereof in a Book to he called " The Register of Transfers under the Stainforth and Keadhy Canal Purchase Act, 1819," and shall endorse such Entry on the Deed of Transfer, and for every such Entry and for each such Endorsement the Navigation Company may demand any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence.

Old Transfer

XXI. And be it enacted, That the said Navigation Company shall Books and preserve and keep at the Office or Place of Business of the said Papers re- Navigation Company all Register and Transfer Books, Dividend share/in Lists> and other ^ooks> Papers, and Documents showing the Trans-Canal to be mission of Shares in the said Canal, and the Proprietors thereof or kept, and the Titles thereto; and that every Annuitant under this Act, and, if Access given suc|, Annuitant be a Corporation, the Clerk or Agent of such Cor-thereto. poration, may at ail convenient Times peruse and examine all such Books, Lists, and other Papers and Documents gratis, and may require a Copy of the same or any of them, or of any Part thereof respectively, and for every One hundred Words so required to be copied the said Navigation Company may demand a Sum not exceeding Sixpence.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.wis. 373

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said Navigation Company shall not be bound to see to the Execution of any Trust, whether express, boun'clsee implied, or constructive, to which any of the said Canal Certificates to t|ie Exe-may be subject; and the Receipt of the Party in whose Name any cution of such Certificate shall stand in the Books of the said Navigation Com- Trusts, pany, or, if it stands in the Name of more Parties than One, the Receipt of One of the Parties named in such Books, shall from Time to Time be a sufficient Discharge to the said Navigation Company for any Sum of Money payable in respect thereof; notwithstanding any Trusts to which the same may then be subject, and whether or not the said Navigation Company have had Notice of such Trusts; and the said Navigation Company shall not be bound to see to the Application of the Money paid upon such Receipt.

XXIII. And in order to enable the said Navigation Company to Power to pay off and discharge the Monies mentioned in and secured by the ^Mortgage said Certificates, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said for paying" Navigation Company to borrow on Mortgage or Bond any Sum or off the Canal Sums not exceeding in the whole Thirty-four thousand three hundred Certificates, and fifty Pounds, and to secure the Payment thereof, with Interest, in

the same Manner as any Sum or Sums which the said Navigation Company may have been authorized to raise on Mortgage or Bond:

Provided always, that the Mortgages or Bonds executed by the Navigation Company, or in existence at the Time when the same Company shall borrow the said Sum of Thirty-four thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds or any Part thereof, shall have Precedence of and be deemed prior Charges to the Bonds or Mortgages executed for securing the said Sum.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the said Navigation Company shall Stamp Duty within Six Months after the passing of this Act pay to the Receiver to be paid. General of Inland Revenue, for the Use of Her Majesty, for and in on Purc,iase-respect of the Purchase and Transfer by this Act effected, the Sum of

Three hundred and fifty Pounds, being the Amount of the ad valorem Stamp Duty which would have been payable if the same Sale and Transfer had been made by Deed duly stamped for denoting the proper Stamp Duty payable thereon by Law.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Books and Books to be other Documents by the Three first-recited Acts or either of them Evidence, authorized or directed to be kept, and which would have been Evidence

if this Act had not been passed, shall still be admitted as Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity and elsewhere.

XXVI. And whereas by a certain Section or Clause of the said first- As to Rates recited Act the said Canal Company were empowered to ask, demand, <>" the Canal, take, receive, and recover the several Rates therein mentioned for the Tonnage of the several Kinds of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, and other Things which should be navigated, carried, oi conveyed in, upon, or along the said Canal: And whereas it is expedient to make such Provisions in respect of the said Rates as are heiein-after contained : Be it therefore enacted, That the said Navigation Company, their Successors and Assigns, shall and they are [Local.] 5 B hereby

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Caj).x\ix.

hereby required, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, so to’ reduce the said Rates for Tonnage of the several Kinds of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, and other Things which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed in, upon, or along the said Canal as that the said Rates shall never exceed the Amounts specified in Schedule (DO to this Act annexed, anything in the said first-recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Extending

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Provisions certain Pro- contained in the said first-recited Act touching fractions of Miles, visions of Tons, and Quarters of Tons shall extend and apply to the Rates and Act'tosucl! other Charges to be demanded and received by the said Navigation Hates. Company, their Successors and Assigns.

Contractsfor

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases Purchase of in which the said Canal Company previously to the passing of this Land to be Act ]iave> unc]er the Powers and Provisions of the said first-recited good' Act, entered into any Contract for the Purchase of or have taken or used any Land which at the Time of the passing of this Act shall not be effectually conveyed to the said Canal Company, and the Purchase Money in respect of which shall not have been duly paid by the said Canal Company, such Contract, if subsisting, shall be completed, and such Land shall be conveyed to the said Navigation Company, or as they shall direct.

Certain Pro-

XXIX. And whereas it is expedient that certain of the Provisions visions of of " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," should be extended

8 & 9 Vict, to all Cases in which by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of

tended *o them the said Navigation Company may agree for the Purchase of

Navigation any Lands for the Purposes of the said Navigation or the said Canal:

Company. lie it therefore enacted, That the several Clauses of " The Lands

Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," with respect to the Purchase of Lands by Agreement, and the Purchase Money or Compensation coming to Parties having limited Interests, or legally prevented from treating, or not making Title, and the Conveyances of Lands, shall be extended to and shall apply to all Cases in which the said Navigation Company may purchase or acquire by Agreement Lands under the Powers of the said recited Acts or of any of those Acts: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall enable the said Navigation Company to purchase, take, or use any of such Lands, except with the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled for the Time being to receive the Rents thereof.

Certain Pro-

XXX. And whereas it is by the said firstly-recited Act enacted, vision in that no Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought or commenced -t-r11 a8ainst any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of that Limitation Act until Pwenty Days Notice of the Cause of such Action in Writing of Actions be given to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors repealed. of the said Canal, or to One or more of their Committee, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender of the same hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damage then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing 3 such

375

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxix.

such Damage shall cease, and not afterwards; and every such Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought and laid in the County of York or Lincoln, as the Case may be or require, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information shall and may plead the General Issue, and give that Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of that Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action, Suit, or Information was brought or laid before Twenty Days Notice in Writing as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cases the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and thereupon, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in any other Case of Law : And whereas it is expedient that the said Enactment should be repealed, and that other Provision should be made instead thereof: Be it therefore enacted, That the same Enactment shall be and it is hereby repealed, and all the Provisions and Enactments touching the Matters aforesaid made in a certain Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to Double Costs, Notices of Action, Limitations of Actions, and Pleas of the General Issue, under certain Acts of Parliament, shall apply to all such Actions, Suits, or Informations, and Causes of Action, Suit, or Information.

XXXI. And whereas it is enacted by the said recited Acts passed in the Twelfth and in the Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King George the First, that if any Action, Suit, or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything that he, she, or they shall do or cause to be done in pursuance of those Acts, or for executing any of the Powers or Authorities, or any of the Orders or Directions, made, given, or directed by or under those Acts, every Person so sued or prosecuted in any Court whatsoever shall and may plead the General Issue, and give those Acts and the special Matter in Evidence; and if in any such Suit the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors, shall become Nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit, or if Judgment shall pass against him, her, or them upon any Verdict, or upon Demurrer, or by Default, then and in every or any of the said Cases the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as where Costs are by Law awarded; and it is also enacted by the said recited Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, that no Deed creating any Proxy shall be filed or entered in the Book of the said Navigation Company until Affidavit of the due Execution thereof by all the Parties who shall make such Proxy shall be

Certain Provisions of I2G.1.C. 38, and 13 G. 1. c. 20. as to pleading General Issue repealed.

Provision of 6 G. 2. c 9. as to making Affidavit of due Execution of Pros v Deeds repealed.

37() 12’ & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxix.

be made by One of the subscribing Witnesses thereto, before some Master in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, or Justice of the Peace, and shall be delivered to the Committee of the said Company, or their Treasurer or Agent, to be tiled and kept together with the Instrument in Writing creating such Proxy; and that if any Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done or to be done in pursuance of the Acts therein recited or of that Act, or in the Execution of the Powers or Authorities or any of the Orders and Directions in such Acts mentioned, every such Action, Suit, or Information shall be commenced and brought within Three Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County wherein the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted shall or may plead the General Issue, and give that Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of the said Acts; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County than wherein such Cause of Action shall arise, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against him or them, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law : And whereas similar Provisions to that which is lastly recited, having Reference to the Limitations of Actions, are inserted in certain other of the said recited Acts; viz, that passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and those passed in the Sessions of Parliament held in the First and Second Years and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth: And whereas it is expedient that such several Provisions should be repealed, and that other Provisions should be made in the Stead thereof: Be it therefore enacted, That the same Enactments be and they are hereby repealed, and that all the Provisions and Enactments touching the Matters aforesaid contained in a certain Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to Double Costs, Notices of Action, Limitations of Actions, and Pleas of General Issue, under certain Acts of Parliament, shall apply to all such Actions, Suits, and Informations, and Causes of Action, Suit, and Information.

Expenses of

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and

Act. Expenses of obtaining this Act shall be paid by the said Navigation

Company.

[Short Title.]

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in all legal Instruments and other Documents and Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to describe it as " The Stainforth and Keadby Canal Purchase Act, 1849."

12° & 13" VICTORIA, Cap. xxix. 377

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That in this Act the following Words Definition of and Expressions shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to erras' them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant

to such Constructions; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females:

The Word " Person " shall include Corporation:

The Word " Lands " shall extend to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of any Tenure:

The Expression " the Canal," or " the said Canal," shall mean the Stainforth and Keadby Canal Navigation, and Works connected therewith:

The Expression " the Canal Company " shall mean the Company of Proprietors of the Stainforth and Keadby Canal Navigation:

The Words " Canal Acts " shall mean the recited Acts relating to the said Stainforth and Keadby Canal:

The Words " the Navigation Company," or " the said Navigation Company," shall mean the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun.

[Public Act.]

XXXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

5 C

[ Local.

378

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.wix.

SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Stainfortli and Keadby Canal Certificate, No. or Nos.

Received this Day of 18 of the

Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, the Sum of £ in full Payment and Discharge of the Sum [or several Sums] of One hundred and fifty Pounds secured by the above-mentioned Certificate [or Certificates].

SCHEDULE (B.)

Stainfortli and Keadby Canal Certificate, No. [or Nos.

This is to certify, That [state the Name and Addition of the Person or of each of several joint Persons, as the Case may be,'] is [or are], under the Provisions of " The Stainforth and Keadby Canal Purchase Act, 1849," entitled to receive from the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, payable on the Second Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, and in the meantime the annual Payment or Sum of Seven Pounds, payable by half-yearly Payments of Three Pounds Ten Shillings on the First Day of January and the First Day of July in each Year, subject to the Provisions of the said " Stainforth and Keadby Canal Purchase Act, 1849."

Given under the Common Seal of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, the Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

SCHEDULE (C.)

I [or We] of in consideration of paid to me [or us] by of

do hereby transfer to the said One [or if more than

One state the Number] Certificate [or Certificates] for One hundred and fifty Pounds, payable on the Second Day of January in the Year of

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxix.

of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, and the annual Sum of Seven Pounds in the meantime [if more than One add each], numbered created by " The Stainforth and Keadby

Canal Purchase Act, 1849," to hold the same to the said his [or their] Executors, Administrators, or Assigns [or Successors and Assigns, as the Case may be], subject to the Provisions of the said Act; and I [or we] the said hereby agree to

accept the same accordingly.

Witness our Hands and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

SCHEDULE (D.)

For Coal, Culm, Charcoal, Road Materials, Manure, Lime, and Limestone, One Halfpenny per Ton per Mile:

For Iron, Slate, Stone, Bricks, Tiles, and Clay, One Penny per Ton per Mile:

For Grain, Timber, General Merchandize, and all other Articles not before enumerated, One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

O : * >;iii 1' jj.’iY

ANNO DUODECIMO & DEC1MO TERTIO

VICTORIA IUXtIN E.

Cap. xxx.

An Act for enlarging, improving-, and maintaining-the Harbour of Kirkcaldy in the County of Fife, for regulating- the Petty Customs of the Burgh of Kirkcaldy, and for other Purposes relating- to the said Harbour and Burgh.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation ioG.t. c. 9D. of the Harbour of Kirkcaldy in the County of Fife : And whereas the said Act is about to expire, and it is expedient that further Provision should be made for the Management, Improvement, and Regulation of the said Harbour, and of the Ferry, if any, between Kirkcaldy and Leith and Newhaven on the opposite Side of the Firth of Forth, and for making and maintaining new and additional Piers, Quays, Docks,

Tidal Basins, and other Works and Accommodations at the said Harbour : And whereas it is expedient that the Rates and Duties or Petty Customs levied by the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Kirkcaldy under the Provisions of the said recited Act should be continued and equalized, or that in lieu thereof new Rates and Duties should be levied; but as these Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most [Local.] 5 D Excellent

382

Recited Act repealed, and this Act to take effect.

8 & 9 Vict, c. 19. and 10 & 11 Vict, cc. 16. & 27. incorporated with this Act.

[Short Title.]

Appointment of Commissioners.

Incorporation of Commissioners.

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxx.

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and this Act shall commence and take effect: Provided always, that notwithstanding the Repeal of the said recited Act it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed in virtue thereof, and their Officers and Servants, who shall be in Office and acting at the Time of the passing of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and required to put this Act into execution in so far as relates to the Harbour until the First General Meeting of the Commissioners appointed by this Act shall be held as herein-after provided.

II. And be it enacted, That in so far as not inconsistent with or not otherwise provided or not altered and varied by this Act " The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," " The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," and " The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847," shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act: Provided always, that nothing in this Act or in the said Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the Commissioners to erect and keep any Watch-house, Boat-house, Hut, or Weighing Materials for the Use of the Officers of Revenue, or provide or keep a Life Boat, Mortar, or Rockets, or a Tide or Weather Gauge and Barometer, until they shall be required so to do by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, and upon such Requisition being made the Clauses relating thereto contained in the said Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act shall as regards this Act be in full Force.

III. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, Deeds, and Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Kirkcaldy Harbour and Petty Customs Act, 1849."

IV. And be it enacted, That the Provost and the Two Bailies of the Burgh of Kirkcaldy for the Time being, and Six other Inhabitants resident within the Burgh, qualified and to be elected as hereinafter provided, and Two Commissioners of Supply for the County of Fife nominated as herein-after provided, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for executing and carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act in so far as the same relate to the Harbour; and the Commissioners and their Successors in Office are hereby united and incorporated as a Body Politic and Corporate by the Name and Style of " The Commissioners of Kirkcaldy Harbour," and shall by that Name have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, with Power to change, break, and make new the same, and by that Name may sue and be sued, and acquire, hold, and dispose of Lands and Property, heritable and moveable, real and personal; and the Provost of the Burgh for the Time being shall ex officio be Chairman of the Commissioners.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

V. And be it enacted, That on the First Tuesday of September after the passing of this Act the Persons qualified for the Time being to vote in the Election of Councillors for the Burgh, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to alter and amend the Laws for the Election of the Magistrates and Councils of the Royal Burghs in Scotland, and who are duly entered in the Roll of Voters of the Burgh by the said Act appointed to be kept, shall meet in the Town House or Council Chamber of the Burgh at Twelve o’Clock Noon, of which Meeting, and the Time and Place for holding the same, Intimation shall be given by Advertisement signed by the Provost or acting Chief Magistrate of the Burgh, and printed and circulated in the Burgh at least Eight Days previous to the Day appointed for holding such Meeting, and then and there shall proceed to elect, by the Majority of the Votes of the Electors present at such Meeting, Six Persons, qualified as aforesaid, to be Commissioners for executing the Purposes of this Act relating to the Harbour.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Provost or acting Chief Magistrate shall, within Twenty-four Hours after any Meeting for the Election of Commissioners, give or cause to be given Notice in Writing of such Election to the several Persons elected, and call upon them severally to declare within Four Days after such Notice whether they accept or decline to accept the Office of Commissioner; and if any Person so elected shall not intimate his Acceptance of the said Office within Four Days after the Date of such Notice he shall be held as having declined to accept, and the Provost or acting Chief Magistrate shall immediately appoint a new Election of a Commissioner in place of the Person so declining at the Distance of not more than Four nor less than Two Days, and shall give Notice of the Day so appointed by Advertisement signed by him and printed and circulated as aforesaid; and such Elections shall be proceeded with in all respects in the same Manner in which the first Election of Commissioners is hereby directed to proceed until the Number of Commissioners herein appointed to be elected shall be completed.

VII. And be it enacted, That on the First Tuesday of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on the First Tuesday of December in every succeeding Year, One Third of the Commissioners so elected shall go out of Office by Rotation; and the One Third who shall go out of Office in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty shall consist of the Two Commissioners whose Names stand lowest on the Rotation List made out in the Manner prescribed by the said Commissioners Clauses Act; and in the succeeding Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one the One Third of the Commissioners who shall go out by Rotation shall consist of the Two Commissioners whose Names stand next lowest on the said Rotation List (the Majority of the Commissioners always determining, in case of Dispute, who shall be the Commissioners to go out of Office); and thereafter the One Third of the Commissioners annually going out of Office by Rotation shall consist of the Two Commissioners who have been longest in Office: Provided always, that it shall be no Objection to any Person being elected or acting as a Commissioner under this Act that he shall be a Member of the

Town

383

Election of Commissioners.

S & 4 W. 4. c. 76.

Notice to be given to Persons elected.

Elected Commissioners to go out of Office in rotation.

384 lc2° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xw.

Town Council of the Burgh at the Period of his Election, or shall become a Member of the said Town Council while in Office as a Commissioner : Provided also, that if any elected Commissioner who may be or become a Member of the said Town Council shall be chosen Provost or one of the Bailies of the Burgh, and so become ex officio a Commissioner under this Act, he shall thereupon go out ot Office as an elected Commissioner, and the Commissioners shall supply the Vacancy so created by electing in his Boom another Commissioner, qualified as aforesaid, within the Time, in the Manner, and to the Effect provided by the said Commissioners Clauses Act as to supplying occasional Vacancies.

Election <>i

VIII. And be it enacted, That on the First Tuesday of December Commission- j n the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on the First ceeiUng1 C" Tuesday of December in every succeeding Year, the Persons for the

Years.0 Time being qualified and enrolled as Electors as aforesaid shall meet

and elect in the Manner herein prescribed in relation to the First Election of Commissioners under this Act Two Persons, qualified as aforesaid, to be Commissioners in the Place of the Two Commissioners who shall go annually out of Office by Rotation; and the Provost or acting Chief Magistrate of the Burgh shall preside and be the Returning Officer at the first and all other Meetings for the Election of Commissioners under this Act, and in Cases of Equality of Votes shall have a casting Vote besides his Vote as a Member of the Meeting: Provided always, that no Person (except the said Provost or acting Chief Magistrate in the Case above mentioned) shall have more than One Vote in the Election of any One Commissioner, or upon any other Question which may be put to the Vote at any Meeting for the Election of Commissioners to be held as aforesaid.

N-i-uon

IX. And be it enacted, That Onesiphorus Tyndal Bruce'of Falkland, Commis- an<^ James Townsend Oswald of DunniMer, Two of the Commissioners.

sioners of Supply for the County of Fife, shall be the County Commissioners under this Act for the Period from the First Tuesday of September after the passing of this Act until the Thirtieth Day of April in the Tear One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and thereafter the Commissioners of Supply for the said County shall annually at their General Meeting held in the Month of April nominate and appoint Two of their Number to be the County Commissioners under this Act as herein-before provided; and the Two County Commissioners so nominated shall hold the said Office for One Year from the Day of their Nomination until the Day of the annual General Meeting of the said Commissioners of Supply in the Month of April in the Year following: Provided always, that no Person entitled ex officio to be a Commissioner shall be eligible or be nominated as a County Commissioner under this Act.

N. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall hold their First General Meeting in the Town Hall of Kirkcaldy on the Fourth Tuesday of September after the passing of this Act, or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be, and proceed to put this Act into execution in so far as relates to the Harbour; and the Commissioners shall hold an annual General Meeting in the said Town Hall on the Second Tuesday

of

Times ami Place of Meetings of Commissioners.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

of September in every Year thereafter, and shall also hold monthly Meetings for the Transaction of general Business at the said lown Ilall on the Second Tuesday of every Month, or at such other convenient Time and Place as the Commissioners shall from Time to lime appoint; and at all Meetings of the Commissioners the Chairman, or, in his Absence, the eldest Bailie of the Burgh if both Bailies shall be present, or either of the Bailies if only One shall be present, shall be Preses, and in the Absence of the Chairman and of both Bailies the Commissioners present at such Meeting shall elect their Preses for the Time.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be in the Power of any Three Special or more of the Commissioners, by a Requisition in Writing under their Hands, to require the Clerk to call a Special Meeting of the Com- canej_ missioners at any Time, and the Clerk shall thereupon be obliged to

call such Meeting, and to give at least Two clear Days Notice of the Time and Place appointed for holding the same.

XII. And whereas the Magistrates and Council of Kirkcaldy have Vesting

by Iloyal Charter the exclusive Right to the Piers, Port, and Harbour Property of of Kirkcaldy, and have been in use to levy Harbour Dues and other Rates and Duties within the Precincts thereof under the Provisions pe"ry in t],e of the said recited Act: And whereas the Magistrates and Council Commis-claim an exclusive Right of Ferry betwixt the said Harbour of sioners. Kirkcaldy and Leith or Newhaven on the opposite Side of the Firth of Forth, and to license Boats to ply at the same, and to take a fixed Rent for such Licence in commutation of the Shore and Anchorage Dues: Be it enacted, That the Right and Property of and in the said Harbour of Kirkcaldy, and the Piers, Jetties, Docks, Quays, Wharves,

Ways, Warehouses, embanked Ground, and all other Works and Buildings, Materials, Implements, Matters, and Things, connected with the said Harbour, (except the embanked Ground along the Back of the East Pier containing about One thousand five hundred Square Yards, to which the Magistrates and Council have acquired Right under Agreement with the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company,) and of and in all and every Right of Ferry which may belong to the Magistrates and Council, and all Right, Title, or Interest in the said Harbour and Ferry, and Property and Works connected therewith, which may belong to the Magistrates and Council as representing the Community of the Burgh, shall be and the same are hereby transferred from the Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in Office, and all others claiming in their Right or in the Right of the Burgh, or of the Burgesses or Community thereof, to and vested in the Commissioners, and in like Manner the whole Docks, Piers, Quays, Yards, Warehouses, and other Buildings and Works to be constructed or made under the Provisions of this Act shall be vested in and belong to the Commissioners, who shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to sell and dispose of all or any of the said Materials or other Articles and Things, or any Part of the same respectively, and also to sell or feu in perpetuity or let on Lease such Part of the Ground or other Heritable Property so vested in them as it may not be necessary to retain for the proper Purposes of the Harbour by public Sale at [Local.] 5 E ' such

386‘ 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

such Time and Place, and at such upset Prices, Feu Duties, or annual Rents, as the Commissioners shall fix and determine, the Day of such public Sale being previously advertised by Handbills circulated in the Burgh, and in any One Newspaper printed and circulated in the County of Fife at the Time, if there be any, Two several Times Ten Days at least before such public Sale: Provided always, that in case no Person shall offer for the Property exposed to Sale, or for any Part or Portion thereof, the Commissioners may adjourn from Time to Time the Sale as to the whole or as to the Part or Portion not disposed of for such Period not less than Ten Days as they may deem proper, and such Adjournment shall be advertised by Handbills, and twice in such Newspaper as aforesaid, at least Ten Days before the adjourned Day of Sale; and the whole Sums to be received by the Commissioners for the Property so sold, whether heritable or moveable, shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act relating to the Harbour, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Providing

XIII. And whereas the Rates and Duties levied at the Harbour Wh'-Debts have heretofore formed Part of the general Revenue of the Burgh, and affecting the have been applied indiscriminately to the Purposes thereof, and the Harbour. said Revenue has been relied on by Creditors and others who have treated and transacted with the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh for the Time being : And whereas the Magistrates and Council have, with the Sanction of the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act, from Time to Time borrowed, on the Security of the said general Revenue of the Burgh, various Sums of Money which have been expended in the Extension of the East Pier and otherwise improving the Harbour, and which Sums, as specified in the Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, amount to Eleven thousand and eighty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten-pence, and are still due and owing by the Burgh: And whereas it is just and reasonable that the Commissioners should relieve the Burgh of the said Debt, and that the same should be preferably secured upon the Harbour and the Rates to be levied thereat, and also that Compensation should be made to the Magistrates and Council for their Rights and Interests in the said Piers, Port, and Harbour hereby transferred to and vested in the Commissioners: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required to free and relieve the Magistrates and Council and the Burgh of the several Sums of Money specified in the Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed; and the said several Sums, with the Interest due or to become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be secured upon the Property of the Harbour and Works connected therewith, and upon the several Rates to be levied by the Commissioners, and all the Property vested in or belonging to them under the Provisions of this Act, and shall be preferable to the annual Payment to the Magistrates and Council herein-after mentioned, and to any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed under the Authority of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required to make Payment to the Commercial Bank of Scotland of the Sum of Five hundred Pounds in each Year towards the Liquidation of the Principal Sum due to the said Bank as specified in the said Schedule, and that over and above the yearly Interest of the said Principal

Sum:

387

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

Sum: Provided always, that the Commissioners may, if they think fit, pay off the Principal Sums due to the Creditors named in the said Schedule, or any Part thereof, from and out of the Monies to be borrowed by them under the Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall prejudice the Securities granted to the said Creditors, or any of them, for their respective Debts, or prevent them from having the same Recourse ns they now have against the Magistrates and Council, and the Property and Funds of the Burgh, for Payment of their said Debts.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commis- Al,m,a^"y' sioners and they are hereby authorized and required to make Payment *" t£e to the Magistrates and Council of the Sum of Three hundred Pounds Magistrates per Annum by equal half-yearly Payments on the Thirtieth Day of ar.rt Council. March and the Thirtieth Day of September in each Year, beginning the first Payment on the Thirtieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty for the Half Year preceding, and so on thereafter, with Interest from the Date of Payment, until paid, and which annual Payments and Interest thereon shall be and the same are hereby declared to be secured upon the Property of the Harbour and Works connected therewith, and upon the several Rates to be levied by the Commissioners, and all the Property vested in or belonging to them under the Provisions of this Act, and shall be preferable to any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed under the Authority of this Act:

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, if required, to make and grant to each of the Creditors named in the said Schedule (A.), and to the Magistrates and Council respectively, a Mortgage or Assignation in Security or other valid Deed for securing each of the said Debts, and the said annual Payments, with Interest thereon respectively, upon the said Harbour and Rates and Property, all which Mortgages and Assignations shall be preferable to any Mortgage or Assignation to be granted for Sums to be borrowed under the Authority of this Act.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commis- Power to sioners to borrow on Mortgage any Sums not exceeding in the whole borrow the Sum of Forty-eight thousand Pounds, and to make and grant Money on Mortgages and Assignations of the Property vested in the Com- MortSaSe-missioners, and the several Rates to be levied and taken by them under the Provisions of this Act, in Security of the Payment of the Sums so borrowed, and Interest thereon; and the said Sum of Eleven thousand and eighty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten-pence shall be included in and computed as Part of the said Sum of Forty-eight thousand Pounds.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commis- Commissioners to accept and take from any Bank or Banking Company Credit sioners may on a Cash Account to be opened and kept with such Bank or Banking borrow on Company in the Names of the Commissioners, according to the Usao? Cash Ac' of Bankers in Scotland, to the Extent of the Sum which the Com- C°Unt' missioners are authorized to borrow as aforesaid, or any Part thereof and to make and grant Mortgages and Assignations of the Property vested in the Commissioners, and the several Rates to be levied and

taken

388

Commissioners not personally liable.

Sinking Fund.

Commissioners to improve the lluibour.

Harbour and Works to be constructed according to deposited Plan.

If Admiralty order a local Survey, the same to be made at the liixpcnse of the Commissioners.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

taken by them as aforesaid, in Security of the Payment of the Amount of such Credit, or of the Sums advanced from Time to Time on such Cash Account, with Interest thereon : Provided always, that the whole Sum due and owing by the Commissioners on such Cash Account, and for Money borrowed by them on Mortgage as aforesaid, including the said Sum of Eleven thousand and eighty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten-pence, shall never, when taken all together, exceed the said Sum of Forty-eight thousand Pounds.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall not be held or adjudged to have rendered themselves or any of them personally or individually liable for the Payment of any Sums of Money, Principal or Interest, by reason of their having signed any Mortgage or Assignation in Security made or granted under the Authority of this Act and the Acts incorporated therewith.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That so soon as the Works by this Act authorized to be made are completed, the Commissioners shall every Year appropriate and set apart, out of the Rates to be levied and taken by them, a Sum equal to at least One Pound per Centum of the Sums which shall then be due and owing of the Monies borrowed under the Provisions of this Act as a Sinking Fund to be applied in the Repayment of the Principal Monies so borrowed.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, by themselves or their Officers and Servants, or others employed by them, to extend, enlarge, and improve the Harbour, to repair, deepen, and cleanse the same, and to make and maintain additional Piers, Quays, and all other Works and Buildings connected therewith which may be necessary for the Reception and Accommodation of Ships and Vessels resorting to the Harbour, and to make, widen, and maintain all necessary Roads and Accesses to the Harbour and Works.

XX. And whereas a Plan and Sections of the Harbour and of the intended Works showing the Situation and Levels thereof respectively, and the Limits within which the same are to be constructed, and also a Book of Reference containing the Names of the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands in, upon, or through which the same arc intended to be made, have been deposited with the Sheriff Clerk of the County of Fife: Be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions contained in this Act and in the Acts incorporated therewith, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to make and maintain the Piers, Quays, Hocks, Yards, and other Works described upon the said Plans in the Situation and upon the Lands delineated thereon and described in the said Book of Reference, and to enter upon, take, and use such of the said Lands as shall be necessary for these Purposes.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if after Working Drawings of the Works hereby authorized shall have been submitted to the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, it shall be deemed expedient by him or them to order a local Survey and Examination of such Works or of the intended Site thereof, the Commissioners shall

defray

38.9

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. XXX.

defray the Costs of such local Survey and Examination, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due to Her Majesty from the Commissioners, and if not paid upon Demand may be recovered as a Debt due to the Crown, with the Costs of Suit, or may be recovered, with Costs, as a Penalty is or may be recoverable from the Commissioners.

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any Work to be constructed by the Commissioners, or any Portion of such Work, shall be abandoned or suffered to fall into Disuse or Decay by the Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to abate and remove the same, or such Part or Parts thereof as he or they may at any Time or Times deem fit and proper, and to restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Cost and Charge of the Commissioners, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due from the Commissioners to the Crown, and be recoverable accordingly, with Costs of Suit.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the proper Officers of Customs to lay down such Moorings within any Part of the Harbour as may be necessary for the mooring thereat any Boats used for the Service of the Customs, and to moor any such Boats at such Moorings, and to make fast such Boats to any Part of the Harbour that they may consider necessary, and to keep and continue such Boats so moored or made fast as long as may be necessary for the Service of the Customs.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Powers granted by this Act and the Acts incorporated therewith for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of this Act shall not be exercised after the Expiration of Five Years from the passing of this Act.

XXV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to demand and take for every Vessel using or entering the Harbour or Precincts thereof any Sum for every Ton Measurement of such Vessel not exceeding the Rates specified in Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed, and all such Rates shall be payable by the Master of such Vessel; and the Rates on any Vessel entering the Harbour or Precincts thereof light or in Ballast shall be paid within Twenty-four Hours after Arrival, and the Rates on any other Vessel shall be paid upon Arrival or before the Cargo is discharged.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to demand and take for all Goods specified in the Schedule (C.) hereunto annexed which shall be shipped or unshipped, received or delivered, within the Harbour or Precincts thereof, any Sums not exceeding the Rates specified in the said Schedule (C.) with respect to such Goods respectively; and as to all such Goods as arc not specified in the said Schedule the Commissioners may demand and take a Rate equal to the Rate for the Time being payable in respect of Goods of a similar Nature, Package, and Quality; and all such Rates shall be payable by the

[.Local] 5 F Owner

Works abandoned may be removed by the Admiralty at Expense of Commissioners.

Officers of Customs may lay down Moorings, and make fast their Boats within the Harbour.

Period for compulsory Purchase of Lands limited.

Anchorage

Dues.

Rates on Goods.

390

Exemptions from Hates on Goods.

Dues for the Use of Sheds, &-c.

Meters and Weighers may be licensed.

Commissioners may license Pilots.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

Owner of such Goods : Provided always, that all Goods shipped overside or sent direct from one Vessel into another shall pay One Half of the Rates specified in the said Schedule (C.), but no Goods landed or deposited in the Sheds, or remaining on the Quays over Night, shall be entitled to this Exemption.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That all Goods upon which the Rates specified in the said Schedule (C.) have been paid on being unshipped in the Harbour shall be exempted from Payment of Rates on being again shipped, unless such Goods shall have changed Owners or undergone some Process of Manufacture; and all Grain sold in the Stock Market upon which the Rates or Petty Customs specified in the Schedule (E.) hereunto annexed shall have been paid shall, when shipped at the Harbour, be exempted from Payment of the Rates specified in the said Schedule (C.); and all fresh Fish of every Description brought into the Burgh in small Boats for Sale exclusively -within the Burgh, and not sold for the Purpose of being cured, shall be exempted from Payment of the Rates specified in the said Schedule (C.)

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to demand and take for the Use of any of the Sheds, Cranes, Rails, and Weighing Machines which they may provide or erect at the Harbour of and from the Owner of any Goods deposited therein, or loaded, unloaded, or weighed by means thereof, any Sums not exceeding the Rates specified in the Schedule (D.) hereunto annexed.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to appoint and license a sufficient Number of Persons to be Meters and Weighers within the Harbour; and all Meters or Weighers who shall measure or weigh any Goods delivered out of or put on board any Vessel shall, within Six Hours after such Vessel has been discharged or loaded, attend at the Shore Dues Office and give an Account of such Goods; and every Meter or Weigher who shall fail so to give such Account, or shall give a false Account, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to compel any Officer of Customs to attend and give an Account of any Goods measured or weighed by him as such Officer.

XXX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to license and appoint a sufficient Number of Pilots for the Harbour, and also for conducting Vessels departing from or coming into the Harbour out of and into the Firth of Forth, and to iix the Rate of Pilotage to be paid to such Pilots, and to remove and displace them at pleasure; and such Pilots shall, before being licensed, be examined as to their Fitness and Capacity to be such Pilots by Three competent Persons, being Shipmasters well acquainted with the Coast, and shall be certified by such Persons to be fully qualified; and if any Person shall act as a Pilot within the Harbour or Precincts thereof without having obtained such Certificate, or without being licensed or appointed as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for each Offence a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always,

391

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Harbour from the Provisions of any general Act relating to Pilots which may pass during the present or any future Session of Parliament.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That all Masters of Vessels Inward bound, of such Tonnage as are by Law required to take Pilots, who shall refuse to take or receive a licensed Pilot, shall be liable to pay the full Pilotage in respect of such Vessels respectively, which shall be recoverable summarily.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to lease all or any of the Rates hereby authorized to be levied and taken by them on Goods shipped or unshipped, received or delivered, within the Harbour or Precincts thereof, by public Roup or Sale, for any Period not exceeding Three Years, upon giving Notice of such Roup at least Fourteen Days previous thereto by Advertisement inserted in any One or more of the Newspapers published in the County of Fife or in the Burgh of Kirkcaldy, and to fix the upset Price at which such Rates shall be exposed, and the Conditions of such Roup, as to them shall seem expedient; and in the event of all or any of such Rates being so leased, the Tenants or Lessees thereof shall have the same Powers as to levying, collecting, and recovering the same as are conferred on the Commissioners by this Act and the Acts incorporated therewith.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners from Time to Time to make such Rules and Regulations for the proper conducting of any Ferry, the Right to which may vest in them under this Act, as to them shall seem fit, and to grant Licence to such Vessels as shall be approved by them to ply at the said Ferry under such Conditions and Restrictions as to the N umber of Passages to be made, and the Number of the Crew to be carried by the Vessels so licensed, and the Hours and Times of sailing, as they shall consider proper; and if any Owner or Master of any Vessel plying at the said Ferry shall commit a Breach of any of the Conditions or Restrictions of such Licence, or shall neglect or refuse to conform to such Rules and Regulations as shall be made by the Commissioners from Time to Time for the Regulation of the' said Ferry, or if it shall appear to the Commissioners that any Vessel licensed by them as aforesaid has become unfit or inefficient for the Purpose of the said Ferry, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to suspend, withdraw, or revoke such Licence, and to prevent such Vessel, and the Owner and Master thereof, from continuing to ply at the said Ferry: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any Person to ply at the said Ferry between the said Places with any Vessel unless and until the same shall have been approved and licensed by the Commissioners as aforesaid: Provided also, that all the Rules and Regulations so to be made as last aforesaid shall be submitted to and approved by the respective Sheriffs of the Counties of Edinburgh and Fife before the same shall become valid and effectual under this Act.

Vessels not taking

Pilots to pay Pilotage.

Commissioners may lease Rates on Goods.

Commissioners may regulate Ferry, and license Vessels to ply thereat.

392

Rates payable at Ferry may be leased by the Magistrates and Council.

Application of Monies received by the Commissioners.

Power to Council to levy Petty Customs as specified in Schedule (E.)

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions herein contained as to the said Right of Ferry, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to let on Lease the exclusive Right and Licence to ply at the said Ferry by public Roup or Sale for any Period not exceeding Five Years, upon giving Notice of such Roup at least Fourteen Days previous thereto by Advertisement inserted in any One or more of the Newspapers published in the County of Fife or in the Burgh of Kirkcaldy, and to agree with the Person or Company to whom such exclusive Right and Licence shall be let for the Payment of a fixed Sum, by the Year or other shorter Period, as a Composition for the Rates payable by or in respect of the Vessels used for the Purposes of the said Ferry, and Goods and Passengers carried thereby; and in case no Bidder shall otter, or in case such exclusive Right or Licence shall not be let, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners by private Contract to let the exclusive Right and Licence to ply at the said Ferry to any Person or Company willing to undertake the same for any Period not exceeding Five Years, and to agree with such Person or Company for the Payment of a fixed Sum, by the Year or other shorter Period, as a Composition for the Rates payable by or in respect of the Vessels used for the Purposes of the said Ferry, and Passengers and Goods carried thereby, and that upon such Conditions and under such Regulations and Restrictions as the Commissioners shall judge expedient.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That all Monies which shall come into the Hands of the Commissioners from the Property vested in them, or the Rates to be levied or Sums to be borrowed by them under the Authority of this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in manner following; (that is to say,) first, in Payment of the Proportion of the Expenses of this Act pa3rable by the Commissioners as herein provided; secondly, in Payment of the Interest due and to come due from Time to Time upon the Debts specified in the Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed; thirdly, in Payment of the Sum of Five hundred Pounds yearly to the Commercial Bank of Scotland as herein-before provided; fourthly, in Payment to the Magistrates and Council of the said annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds as herein-before provided; and fifthly, in defraying the Expenses of maintaining and improving the Harbour, constructing the Works hereby authorized to be made, and otherwise carrying out the several Purposes and Provisions of this Act in relation to the Harbour and Works connected therewith as the Commissioners shall order and determine.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Council, and for such Person as they shall from Time to Time appoint and authorize for that Purpose, (in place of the Rates and Duties commonly called Petty Customs heretofore levied by the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh,) to demand and take for all Goods brought within the Limits of the Burgh, otherwise than by Vessels into the Harbour or Precincts thereof, and in the same Manner in which the Rates and Duties or Petty Customs have been in use to be levied in the Burgh, the Rates or Petty Customs specified in the Schedule (E.) hereunto annexed with respect to such Goods as are therein specified; and for

393

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

all such Goods as are not specified in the said Schedule the Magistrates and Council, or other Person authorized as aforesaid, may demand and take such Rates as may be fixed by the Magistrates and Council according to the Weight, Measure, Number, or Quantity of such Goods, as the Case may be; but no such Rate for Goods not specified shall exceed the highest Rate payable for the Time being in respect of Goods of a similar Nature, Package, or Quality specified in the said Schedule; and all such Rates shall be payable by the Owners of such Goods respectively: Provided always, that no such Rates shall be exigible for Goods in transitu on any Part of the Main Line of the Edinburgh and Northern Railway, although Part of such Main Line shall pass within the Territory of the Burgh, but this Exemption shall not extend to any Goods brought within the Limits of the Burgh from any Station of the said Railway: Provided also, that all Goods in transitu which shall be brought within and carried or taken directly out of the Limits of the Burgh without being exposed to Sale, delivered, or warehoused therein shall be exempted from Payment of such Rates.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That all Goods brought within the Limits of the Burgh which shall be directly exported by Sea at the Harbour without being warehoused or exposed in the Stock Market shall be exempted from Payment of the Rates specified in the said Schedule (E.); and all Goods brought within the said Limits for the Purpose of being shipped, and which shall be warehoused or deposited in Warehouses or Depdts licensed by the Commissioners, and upon which Goods the Rates specified in the said Schedule (C.) shall be paid upon being so warehoused or deposited, shall also be exempted from Payment of the Rates specified in the said Schedule (E.)

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Magistrates and Council may from Time to Time vary the said Rates or any of them in such Manner as they may think expedient, by reducing and again raising the same: Provided always, that such Rates shall not in any Case exceed the Sums respectively hereby authorized to be taken, and that the Rates shall be at all Times charged equally to all Persons and Companies in respect of the same Description of Goods.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Council, and for any Person authorized by them as aforesaid, in case of Delay or Refusal to pay any of the said Rates by the Owners of any Goods liable to Payment thereof, to seize, take, and detain such Goods until such Rates are paid; and in case of Delay or Refusal to pay the same for the Space of Three Days after such Seizure and Detention, it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Council, or any Person authorized by them as aforesaid, to cause the same to be appraised by Two or more properly qualified Persons, and afterwards to sell and dispose of so much and such Part of the Goods taken and appraised as shall be sufficient to satisfy the Rates due and unpaid, together with the Charges and Expenses of such taking detaining, and selling (as the same shall be ascertained by the Sellers Oilth), rendering to the Owner of such Goods the Overplus, if any be, on Demand; and in the event of any Dispute arising between

[Local] 5 G the

Exemptions from Petty Customs.

Power to vary Petty Customs.

For enforcing Payment of Petty Customs.

394

Penalty for Evasion of Petty Customs.

Power to lease or compound Petty Customs.

Right of gathering Sea Weed may be leased by the Magistrates and Council.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

the Magistrates and Council, or any Person authorized by them as aforesaid, and the Owners of such Goods, the Amount of the Rates due, and of such Charges and Expenses, shall be determined by the Sheriff upon Application made to him for that Purpose, and the Sheriff shall award such Costs to be paid by either of the Parties to the other as he shall think reasonable, which Costs, if not paid, shall be levied by Poinding and Sale, and the Sheriff shall issue his Warrant accordingly.

XL. And be it enacted, That the Owners of any Goods liable in Payment of the said Rates who shall at any Time wilfully evade the Payment of the same by any Means whatsoever shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the Magistrates and Council a Penalty not exceeding Three Pounds over and above Payment of such Rates, to be recovered in the Manner provided by the said Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for and of Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to Justices or the Sheriff: Provided always, that no Person shall for Nonpayment of any such Penalty be imprisoned for any Space exceeding Forty-eight Hours.

XLI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Council to lease the Rates specified in the said Schedule (E.) by public Roup or Auction for any Period not exceeding Five Years, upon giving Notice of such Roup at least Fourteen Days previous thereto by Advertisement inserted in any One or more of the Newspapers published in the County of Fife or in the Burgh of Kirkcaldy; and in case no Person or Company shall offer at such Roup, or in case the said Rates shall not be let by public Roup, it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Council to agree with any Person or Company for the Payment of a fixed Sum as a Composition for the Rates payable in respect of the Goods which may be carried by such Person or Company, and that for any Period not exceeding Five Years, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that in every Case where the said Rates shall be so compounded for it shall be a Condition of such Agreements that the Composition agreed upon shall be paid in advance by quarterly Instalments: Provided also, that in case of all or any of the* said Rates being so let or compounded for, the Tenants or Lessees thereof, or the Persons or Companies so compounding, shall have the same Powers and Privileges as to levying, collecting, and recovering the said Rates as are hereby conferred on the Magistrates and Council.

XLII. And whereas the Sea Weed or Sea Ware cast on the Beach within the Royalty of the Burgh is or is claimed to be Part of the common Good of the Burgh, but the Quantity so cast ashore is uncertain and irregular, and it is expedient that the Magistrates and Council should be empowered to lease the Right vested in the Magistrates and Council of gathering the same by public Roup or private Contract for such Period as they may think fit: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Council to lease the Right of gathering such Sea Weed or Sea Ware by public Roup, or by private Contract or Agreement in case of the same not being let when

exposed

395

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

exposed by public Roup, for any Period not exceeding Five Years, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the Complaint and Proceedings before the Sheriff or Justice or Justices before whom any Person shall be complained of or proceeded against for any Offence under the Provisions of this Act or the Acts incorporated therewith, and the Sentence or Conviction thereon, may be in the Form of the Schedule (F.) hereunto annexed, or as near as may be; and, except that such Complaint and the Sentence to be pronounced in relation thereto shall be in Writing, no other Writing or written Record of Evidence or Procedure shall be necessary, unless the Sheriff or Justices at the Hearing of the Complaint shall cause or allow the Procedure or Evidence to be taken down in Writing, or shall themselves tak Ne s of the same.

XLIV. And whereas Persons committing Offences against this Act may be transient Persons unknown to the Officers or Persons appointed and acting under the Authority of this Act: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Officers and Persons respectively to seize and detain any such unknown Persons committing any Offence against the Provisions of this Act or the Acts incorporated therewith, and to convey them before the Sheriff or any Justice or Justices without any other Warrant than this Act for so doing; and such Sheriff and Justice or Justices respectively are hereby empowered to proceed with all convenient Dispatch, and without the Necessity of serving a Copy of the Complaint, to the summary hearing and determining of the same.

XLV. And be it enacted, That nothing contained in this Act or in the Acts incorporated therewith shall extend to authorize the Commissioners to purchase, take, or use any Land or Soil, or any Rights in respect thereof, belonging to Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or any Two of them, first had and obtained for that Purpose, and which such Commissioners or any Two of them are hereby authorized and empowered to give, or to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities vested in or enjoyed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors.

XL\ I. And be it enacted, That nothing contained in this Act or in the Acts incorporated therewith shall extend to authorize the Commissioners to purchase, take, or use any Lands belonging to the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company, except in so far as the Magistrates and Council have already acquired Right to any such Lancfs under an Agreement entered into between them and the said Railway Company dated the Twenty-third Day of July One thousand eiffht hundred and forty-six.

XL\

II. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shs prejudice or affect the Rights of Parties in an Action of Declarator ar Damages now depending in the Court of Session in Scotland at tl Instance of Andrew Greig, Peter Greig, and Thomas Barclay, allegir

themselvi

Form of

Proceedings against Offenders.

For apprehending transient Offenders.

Saving the Rights of the Crown.

Lands of Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company not to be taken.

Saving Rights of Parties in Action of Declarator.

3 96

Interpretation of Terras.

Expenses of Act.

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

themselves to be registered Owners of the Steam Ship called " Benledi" of Leith, against the Magistrates and Council of Kirkcaldy.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That in addition to the Words and Expressions incorporated from the said " Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act," " Commissioners Clauses Act," and " Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act," the following Words and Expressions in this Act shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

The Expression " the Harbour " shall mean the Harbour of Kirkcaldy, and shall include the Docks, Piers, Quays, Yards, and whole Works and Buildings connected with the Harbour:

The Word " Burgh" shall mean the Royal Burgh of Kirkcaldy: The Word " Magistrates " shall mean and include the Provost and Bailies of the Burgh:

The Expression " Magistrates and Council " shall mean the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh for the Time being:

The Expression " the Commissioners " shall mean " the Commissioners of Kirkcaldy Harbour " incorporated by this Act:

The Word " Owners " when used in relation to Goods shall be understood to include any Consignor, Consignee, Shipper, or Agent for Sale or Custody of such Goods, as well as the Owner thereof.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That the Expenses of obtaining and passing this Act and incidental thereto shall be paid by the Magistrates and Council and the Commissioners in the following Proportions; videlicet, One Third of such Expenses by the Magistrates and Council out of the ordinary Funds and Revenue of the Burgh, and Two Thirds thereof by the Commissioners out of the first Monies which shall come into their Hands from the Rates to be levied or Sums to be received or borrowed by them under the Authority of this Act.

L. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxx.

397

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Sums borroiced by the Magistrates and Toum Council of Kirkcaldy, and expended in the Improvement of the Harbour.

The Commercial Bank of Scotland on current Account

The Trustees of the late John Thomson, Kirkaldy

Misses Elizabeth and Janet Beveridge, Kirkaldy

Mrs. Jean Paterson, Balbimie -

Mr. John Wemyss, Perth -

Mrs. Margaret Wemyss, Perth -

Mr. Thomas Bailie, Kaith ....

Misses Elizabeth and Cecilia Hutchinson, Pathhead

£ s. d. 7,956 13 10 380 0 0 900 0 0 100 0 0 200 0 0 250 0 0 100 0 0 1,200 0 0

£11,086 13 10

SCHEDULE (B.)

Rates on Vessels entering or using the Harbour.

All Vessels from Asia or Africa to the East of the Cape of Good Hope, including the Cape, or from South America

From the West Indies, West Coast of Africa, Cape de Verde Islands, Greenland and Davis’ Straits Fisheries From within the Straits of Gibraltar or North America -From the Baltic above the Sound, Archangel, Portugal, France and Spain, without the Straits of Gibraltar, Newfoundland, Madeira and Western Islands -From Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Holstein, Hamburgh, Bremen, Holland, Flanders, that is, without the Baltic and no farther South than Dunkirk From Ports in Great Britain and Ireland All Steam Vessels carrying Goods and Passengers All Vessels which have paid full Rates for Eight Voyages between Whitsunday in any one Year and Whitsunday in the following Year (Steam Vessels carrying Passengers and their Luggage only excepted), for each additional Voyage during that Period -[Zocah] 5 H

Per Ton.

£ s. d.

0 1 0

0 0 10

0 0 10

0 0 8

0 0 7

0 0 4

0 0 4

0 0 2

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

All Steam Vessels from Ports in the Firth of Forth, as far as Anstruther on the North and North Berwick on the South, carrying Passengers and their Luggage exclusively

All Lighters from any Vessel in the Roads shall be exempted from Rates, but if the Vessel do not enter the Harbour every Lighter shall pay for each Trip All Boats entirely open, landing or taking on £ s. d.

board Goods or dried or salted Fish, each - 0 1 6

All Drave or large Boats entering the Harbour

or Precincts thereof with fresh Fish, each - 0 1 0

Per Ton. £ s. d.

0 0 0}

0 0 2

SCHEDULE (C.)

Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the Harbour.

s. d.

Ale - per Hogshead 0 3

Ale, bottled - per Barrel Bulk 0 H

Alum - per Ton 1 0

Apples - - per Barrel of 3 Bushels 0 1

Ashes, Pot and Pearl per Ton 1 0

Bacon or Ham per Ton 1 0

Barilla - per Ton 1 0

Bark per Ton 0 8

Barley, Shelled or Pearl per Ton 1 0

Barley Dust per Quarter 0 Oi

Basket Rods per Bundle 0 1

Beef or Pork per Ton 1 0

Beef or Pork per Barrel 0 li

Biscuit - per Ton 1 0

Blacking per Barrel Bulk 0 14

Bleaching Powder per Ton 1 0

Blubber - per Ton of 252 Gallons 0 9

Bone Dust per Ton 0 6

Bones of Cattle per Ton 0 4

Bottles - per Gross 0 H

Bran per Bag 0 Oi

Brass per Ton 1 0

Bricks per 1,000 0 6

Brimstone per Ton 0 8

Brooms - per Dozen 0 Oi

Butter - per Ton 1 0

Candles • per Barrel Bulk 0 14

Carrots » per Ton 0 6

12° & 13° VICTOllIvE, Cap. xxx-

Casks, empty, not being returned Packages per Puncheon Other Casks in proportion.

Cattle—Bulls - - - - each

Cows and Oxen - each

Calves ... - each

Horses .... each

Pigs - - ... each

Sheep .... per Score

Lambs per Score

Cement per Ton

Chalk - - - - per Ton

Cheese per Ton

Chimney Cans .... per 100

Cider - - - * - per Hogshead

Cinders - - - - per Ton

Clay, Fire, manufactured - - per Ton

Clay, common - - ... per Ton

Cloth, Haberdashery, &c. - - per Barrel Bulk

Coaches, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages each Gigs, Carts, and other Two-wheeled Carriages each

3.99

Coals, Scotch, English, Smithy, and Culm Cocoa Nuts Coffee Codilla -Copper -Copper Ore Copperas -Cordage -Corks

Cork Wood

Corn, viz___Wheat and Malt

Barley, Beans, Peas, Tares, Oats, Rye, Buckwheat, and Indian Corn Cotton Wool -Crystal ....

Dissolved Bones and other artificial Manures Dogs, Sporting only -

Draff ....

Drugs - w ....

Earthenware Eggs

Feathers -Fish, dried and salted

Haddocks, Cod, Salmon, and all fresh Fish

not enumerated Flax

Flint Stones

Flour

Flour

per Barrel Bulk per Ton per Ton per Sack per Barrel

s. d. 0 2

per Ton per 100 per Ton per Ton per Ton per Ton per Ton per Ton per Barrel Bulk per Ton per Quarter

per Quarter per Ton per Barrel Bulk

per Ton each per Quarter per Barrel Bulk

per Crate per Barrel Bulk

per Barrel Bulk per Ton

0 04 0 1 o 04

0 4'

0 14 0 6

0 8

0 14

0 14

0 04 0 24

0 6 0 14

0 14

1 0

0 14 0 1

400

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxx.

Glass -Glue -Grease -

Groceries, viz. — Almonds, Figs, Cinnamon, rants, Pepper, Pimento, Plums, Prunes, sins, &c.

Guano -Gunpowder -

per Barrel Bulk per Ton per Ton Cur-Rai-

per Barrel Bulk per Ton per Barrel

s. d.

0 i*

1 0 1 0

0 H 0 6 0 li

Hardware per Barrel Bulk 0

Hats ... per Barrel Bulk 0

Hay per Ton 0

Hemp - per Ton 1

Herrings, fresh - per Cran 0

Do. cured - per Barrel 0

Hides—Ox, Cow, or Horse, salted or dried per Ton 1

Calf Skins - per 120 0

Sheep Skins per 120 0

Lamb Skins per 120 0

Honey ... per Ton 1

Hoops of Iron per Ton 1

Hoops of Wood - per 1,500 per Barrel Bulk 0

Hops ... 0

Horns, Slugs, and Tips - per Ton 1

Household Furniture, new per Barrel Bulk 0

Do. do. belonging to Parties changing their Residence only - per 10 Barrels Bulk 0

Husbandry Utensils per Ton 1

Do. do. per Barrel Bulk 0

n

i|

6

o

0|

i|

0

9

9

0

0

10

H

o

3

0

1*

Indigo

Iron, Bar, Bolt, Rod, &c. Pig or Old

Ore

Jute

per Barrel Bulk 0 2 per Ton 10

per Ton 0 6

per Ton 0 2

per Ton 1 0

Kelp

per Ton 0 6

Lard ... Lead, all Kinds -Leather, tanned and dressed Lemons ... Lime ... Limestone Lintseed Cakes -Loam or Moulding Sand -

per

per Ton per Ton per Ton per Barrel Bulk Chaldron of 16 Bolls per Ton per Ton per Ton

1

1

1

0

1

0

1

0

0

0

0

2

0

2

Machinery Machinery Madder -Madder Roots

per Ton 1 0

per Barrel Bulk 0 H

per Ton 1 0

per Ton 0 10

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

401

Manganese . per Ton s. 1 d. 0

Manure, Street . per Ton 0 1

Do. not enumerated - - per Ton 0 3

Marble - - - - per Ton i 0

Mats, single - per 100 0 3

Do., double . per 100 0 4

Meal ... • per Bag of 280 lbs. 0 1

Milk per Three large Pitchers 0 0i

Mill Waste . . per Ton 0 6

Molasses - - - per Ton 1 0

Musical Instruments • - per Barrel Bulk 0 H

Nuts • - • per Barrel Bulk 0 14

Oakum or old Junk . - per Ton 1 0

Ochre ... . - per Ton 1 0

Oils . • per Ton 1 0

Onions ... . . per 3 Bushels 0 1

Oranges ... - * - per Barrel Bulk 0 H

Paper ... . * per Ton 1 0

Passengers Luggage, not exceeding 4 Bulk, free. All above 4 Barrels Bulk Barrels • per Barrel Bulk 0 14

Peats ... . - per Ton 0 6

Pitch ... . * per Barrel 0 14

Plants of Trees or Shrubs . • per Barrel Bulk 0 14

Plaster of Paris - . * per Ton 1 0

Porter ... . • per Hogshead 0 3

Do., bottled . per Barrel Bulk 0 14

Potatoes ... . per Ton 0 5

Poultry, including Pigeons, Game, &c. per Dozen 0 °4

Any less Quantity • - . 0 o|

Rabbits, Hares, &c. . - per Dozen 0 1

Any less Quantity - . - 0 04

Rags, Linen . - per Ton 1 0~

Other Rags, old Ropes, &c. . - per Ton 0 8

Rape Cakes . * . - per Ton 0 6

Rice ... - - per Ton 1 0

Rosin - - . . . - per Barrel 0 H

Residuum of Bleachers - • per Ton 0 3

Salt ... . per Ton 0 8

Saltpetre ... Seeds, Flax and Rape * * per Ton - per Hogshead 1 0 0 3

Flax - • - - • per Barrel 0 14

Flax in Bulk Clover Garden Seeds, Hemp and Canary -Ryegrass [Local] 5 I * per Quarter 0 * per Ton 1 - per Ton 1 per Ton 1 per 8 Bushels 0 1 0 0 0 1

402

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

Shumach -Skins, Seals Slates, Under Size Sizeable Over Size Sulphur -Soap

Soaper’s Waste Soda

Spermaceti

Spirits, Foreign and British Stones, Rubble

Hewn Ashlar Freestone Rough Ashlar Do. -Pavement not exceeding 3 Inches thick Pavement above 3 Inches thick Scythe Stones Millstones Starch Steel Stucco Sugar

Tallow

Tanner’s Waste (Scrows and Hair)

Tar

Tea ...

Thread ...

Tiles, Roofing Tiles or Pipes for draining Tin of all Kinds -Tobacco ...

Tow ...

Treenails under 2 Feet in Length Do. exceeding do. do.

Turnips ...

Turpentine

Twine and Twisted Yam

Vegetables

Verdigris

Vinegar ... Vitriol ...

Whalebone

Whitening

Wine ...

Do., bottled Wood—Fir, Pine, and other enumerated Wood—Oak or Wainscoat Firewood

per Ton per 120 per 1,000 per 1,000 per 1,000 per Ton per Ton per Ton per Ton per Ton per Hogshead of 56 Gallons per Ton of 16 Cubic Feet per Ton of 16 Cubic Feet

s. d.

per Hogshead per Ton

per Ton per Ton per Hogshead per Barrel Bulk Descriptions not

per Load of 50 Feet per Load of 50 Feet - per Fathom

per 70 Feet 0

16 Cubic Feet 0

per Score 0

each 0

per Ton 1

per Ton 1

per Ton 0

per Ton 1

per Ton 1

per Ton 0

per Barrel 0

per Chest 0

per Ton 1

per 1,000 0

per 1,000 0

per Ton 1

per Ton 2

per Ton 1

per 1,000 0

per 1,000 0

per Ton 0

0 8 1 0 0 8

per Cartload 0 per Ton per Hogshead per Carboy

0 U 0 3 0 2 3 3 0£ 6 0 0

0 8 0

0

8

H

H

0

H

6

0

0

0

4

8

4

5 0

1

0

3

1

0

6 5 2

0 8 0 10 0 4

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

403

Laths and Lath wood per Fathom of 216 Cubic Feet

Handspokes - - - per 120

Oars --- - per 120

Spars under 22 Feet in Length, above 2| and under 4 Inches in Diameter - per 120

Spars 24 Inches in Diameter and under per 120 Spars 22 Feet in Length and upwards, and not exceeding 4 Inches in Diameter per 120 Spars of all Lengths above 4 and under 6 Inches in Diameter Spokes of Wheels not exceeding 2 .

Length -Exceeding 2 Feet in Length Wedges ....

Pipe Staves, and others in proporti Standard Hundred

5 0

per 120 10 0

in

per 120 0 3

per 120 0 4

per 1,000 0 8

>er

- 0 10

Lignum Vita;, Fustic, Logwood, Mahogany,

Rosewood, and other Kinds per Ton 1 0

Wool .... per Cwt. 0 1

Yam .... per Ton 1 0

Yeast .... per Hogshead 0 3

Zinc .... per Ton 1 0

All other Goods not particularly enumerated in

the above Table :—

Light Goods - - - - per Barrel Bulk 0 14

Heavy Goods - per Ton 1 0

In charging the Rates on Goods the gross Weight or Measurement of all Goods to be taken; and for any less Weights, Measures, and Quantities than those above specified, a Proportion of the respective Rates shall be charged.

Five Cubic Feet, not exceeding Two and a Half Cwt., to be rated as a Barrel Bulk; but when the Weight of Five Cubic Feet is greater than Two and a Half Cwt., then Two and a Half Cwt. to be rated as a Barrel Bulk.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Rates for the Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, Rails, and Sheds. 1st, Rates of Craneage.

All Goods or Packages not exceeding One Ton Exceeding One Ton and not exceeding Two Tons -i» Two Tons , Three Tons

s. d. * 0 2

- 0 3

- 0 5

404

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

Exceeding Three Tons and not exceeding Four Tons , Four Tons

, Five Tons

, Six Tons

, Seven Tons

, Eight Tons

, Nine Tons

, Ten Tons and upwards

2d, Weighing Machines.

For Goods weighed, One Penny for each Ton or Part of a Ton.

Four Tons s. - 0 d. 7

Five Tons • 0 9

Six Tons - - 0 11

Seven Tons - 1 1

Eight Tons - 1 3

Nine Tons - 1 6

Ten Tons - 1 9

- - 2 6

3d, Railway Dues.

For the Use of the Rails on the Quays of the Harbour, One Halfpenny per Ton.

4th, Shed Dues.

For each Ton of Eight Barrels Bulk, or for each Ton of Twenty Cwt., which shall remain in the Sheds or on the Quays of the Harbour for a longer Time than Forty-eight Hours, the Sum of Two-pence; and the Sum of One Penny per Ton for each Day during which the said Goods shall remain after the first Forty-eight Hours.

SCHEDULE (E.)

Bates or Petty Customs to be levied by the Magistrates and Town Council of Kirkcaldy.

Ale per Hogshead s. 0 d. 3

Ale, bottled - per Barrel Bulk 0 H

Alum - per Ton 1 0

Apples per Barrel of 3 Bushels 0 1

Ashes, Pot and Pearl - per Ton 1 0

Bacon or Hams - _ per Ton 1 0

Barilla - per Ton 1 0

Bark . per Ton 0 8

Barley, Shelled or Pearl . per Ton 1 0

Barley Dust - per Quarter 0 Oi

Basket Rods . per Bundle 0 1

Beef or Pork - per Ton 1 0

Do. - . per Barrel 0 H

Biscuit . per Ton 1 0

Blacking - - per Barrel Bulk 0 H

Bleaching Powder - per Ton 1 0

Blubber per Ton of 252 Gallons 0 9

Bone Dust - per Ton 0 6

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

405

s. d.

Bones of Cattle * . - per Ton - 0 4

Bottles * *■ * * . - per Gross 0 1 2

Bran * * * * . - per Bag 0 °2

Brass - per Ton 1 0

Bricks - * * * . - per 1,000 0 6

Brimstone ... per Ton 0 8

Brooms - * * * per Dozen 0 o£

Butter - • " per Ton 1 0

Candles - • per Barrel Bulk 0 H

Carrots - per Ton 0 6

Casks, empty, not being returned Packages per.Puncheon 0 2

Other Casks in proportion. . * c

Cattle for Sale: —

Bulls each 0 2

Cows and Oxen - * each 0 1

Calves ... each 0 0.i

Horses - - each 0 1

Pigs each 0 01

Sheep ... per Score 0 4

Lambs per Score 0 2

Cattle for slaughtering: —

Cows and Oxen when killed in the Slaughter-

house ... . each 0 6

Do. do. out of Slaughter-house each 0 9

Sheep, Calves, or Pigs killed in Slaughter-

house ... - each 0 14

Do. do. out of Slaughter-house each 0 2

Lambs slaughtered - - each 0 1

Carcass of Cow or Ox brought in for private

Use • each 0 6

Do. of Sheep, Calf, Pig, or Lamb each 0 1

Cement .... - per Ton 1 0

Chalk .... . per Ton 0 6

Cheese .... - per Ton 1 0

Chimney Cans ... . per 100 1 0

Cider .... * per Hogshead 0 3

Cinders - • • • per Ton 0 3

Clay, Fire, manufactured ' - ' . ' per Ton 0 3

Clay, common - - * - • . ' per Ton 0 1

Cloth, Haberdashery, &c. - per Barrel Bulk 0 H

Coaches, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages when brought in for Sale . each 0 6

Gigs, Carts, and other Two-wheeled Carriag es

when brought in for Sale - . ■ each 0 4

Coals, Scotch, English, Smithy, and Culm per Ton 0 2

Cocoa Nuts . ' per 100 0 3

Coffee - * - ■ . per Ton 1 0

Codilla * - . * . ' per Ton 1 0

Copper .... . per Ton 1 0

Copper Ore ... . - per Ton 0 6

Copperas - . per Ton 0 8

406

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxx.

Cordage

Cork - - ...

Cork Wood

Corn, viz__

Wheat and Malt *

Barley, Beans, Pease, Tares, Buckwheat, and Indian Com Cotton Wool - • »

Crystal ...

Dissolved Bones and other artificial Draff Drugs

Earthenware Eggs

Feathers -

Fish, dried and salted

Haddocks, Cod, Salmon, and all fres not enumerated

Flax

Flint Stones Flour Flour

Glass Glue Grease

Groceries, viz. — Almonds, Figs, rants, Pepper, Pimento, Plums sins, &c.

Guano Gunpowder

Hardware Hats Hay Hemp

Herrings, fresh Do., cured Hides—Ox, Cow, or Horse, saltec Calf Skins Sheep Skins Lamb Skins Honey

Hoops of Iron Hoops of Wood Hops

Horns, Slugs, and Tips Household Furniture, new

or dried

s. d.

per. Ton 1 0

per Barrel Bulk 0 1

per. Ton 1 0

per Quarter 0 H

, Rye, -

per Quarter 0 1

per Ton . 1 0

per Barrel Bulk 0 n

*es per Ton 0 6

per Quarter 0 o*

per Barrel Bulk 0 2*

per Crate 0 6

per Barrel Bulk 0 n

per Barrel Bulk 0 1£

per Ton 1 0

h Fish

per Barrel Bulk 0 1

per Ton 1 0

per Ton 0 3

per Sack 0 n

per Barrel 0 1

per Barrel Bulk 0 n

per Ton 1 0

per Ton 1 0

Cur- Rai-

per Barrel Bulk 0 i£

per Ton 0 6

per Barrel 0 1£

per Barrel Bulk 0 H

. per Barrel Bulk 0 1*

per Ton 0 6

per. Ton 1 0

per Cran 0 04

per Barrel 0 H

per Ton 1 0

per 120 0 9

per 120 0 9

per 120 0 44

per Ton 1 0

, per. Ton 1 0

per. 1,500 . 0 10

. per Barrel Bulk 0 H

per. Ton 1 0

. per Barrel Bulk 0

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

407

Husbandry Utensils » - - • . per Ton -

Do. do. - . - • - per Barrel Bulk

Hawker, Pedlar, or Travelling Merchant opening

a Sale-room - - . - - - - per Day.

Hawker, Pedlar, or Travelling Merchant having a Stall on the Street - . - - - . per Day

And, in addition, where such Hawker, Pedlar, or Travelling Merchant shall sell his Goods by Auction on the Street - per Day Hawker, Pedlar, or Travelling Merchant not having a Sale-room or Stall - . - . per Day

Indigo -

Iron, Bar, Bolt, Rod, &c. Pig or Old -

Ore

* per Barrel Bulk

- per Ton

- per Ton

• , per Ton

s. d.

1 0 0 ]£

1 0

0 6

2 0 0 2

0 2 1 0 0 6 0 2

Jute

per Ton I 0

Kelp

per Ton 0 6

Lard

Lead, all Kinds -Leather, tanned and dressed Lemons -Lime

Limestone Lintseed Cakes Loam or Moulding Sand

♦ - - per Ton 1 0

• - per Ton 1 0

- • per Ton 1 0

- • per Barrel Bulk 0 H

• per Chaldron of 16 Bolls 1 0

- • per Ton 0 2

- - per Ton 1 0

- * per Ton 0 2

Machinery

Do.

Madder -Madder Roots Manganese Manure, Street -Do., not enumerated Marble Mats, single Do., double Meal Milk

Mill Waste Molasses

Musical Instruments

- per Ton 1 0

* per Barrel Bulk 0 i£

- per Ton 1 0

• per Ton 0 10

- per Ton 1 0

- per Ton 0 1

- per Ton 0 3

- per Ton 1 0

• per 100 0 3

* per 100 0 4

-per Bag of 280 lbs. 0 1

per Three large Pitchers 0 0*

- per Ton 0 6

- per Ton 1 0

- per Barrel Bulk 0 i£

Nuts

Oakum or old Junk

Ochre

Oils

per Barrel Bulk 0 1*

per Ton 1 0

per Ton 1 0

per Ton 1 0

408

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

s. d.

Onions • - - * • per Three Bushels 0 1

Oranges • • * - - per Barrel Bulk 0 14

Paper . - . - • " per Ton 1 0

Passengers Luggage, not exceeding 4 Barrels Bulk, free.

All above 4 - - - - " per Barrel Bulk 0 14

Peats • per Ton 0 6

Pitch - - per Barrel 0 14

Plants of Trees or Shrubs - per Barrel Bulk 0 if

Plaster of Paris - * per Ton 1 0

Porter - - - per Hogshead 0 3

Ditto, bottled per Barrel Bulk 0 14

Potatoes - - per Ton 0 5

Poultry, including Pigeons, Game, &c. - per Dozen 0 °4

Any less Quantity - - - 0 04

Rags, Linen . • - per Ton 1 0

Other Rags, old Ropes, &c. - - per Ton 0 8

Rape Cakes - per Ton 0 6

Rice per Ton 1 0

Rosin per Barrel 0 14

Residuum of Bleachers - per Ton 0 3

Rabits, blares, &c. - - - per Dozen 0 1

Any less Quantity . 0 04

Salt • per Ton 0 8

Saltpetre - - per Ton 1 0

Seed—Flax and Rape * per Hogshead 0 3

Flax - per Barrel 0 14

Flax in Bulk per Quarter 0 1

Clover per Ton 1 0

Garden Seeds per Ton 1 0

Hemp and Canary - ' per Ton 1 0

Ryegrass - per 8 Bushels 0 1

Shumack per Ton 1 0

Skins, Seals per 120 0 6

Slates—Under Size per 1,000 0 5

Sizeable - ' per 1,000 0 8

Over Size , per 1,000 1 0

Soap - per Ton 1 0

Soaper’s Waste - - ~ per Ton 0 3

Soda per Ton 1 0

Spermaceti per Ton 1 0

Spirits, Foreign and British per Hogshead of 56 Gallons 0 6

Stones, Ruble - - per Ton of 16 Cubic Feet 0 14

Hewn Ashlar Freestone - per Ton of 16 Cubic Feet 0 3

Rough Ashlar Freestone - per Ton of 16 Cubic Feet 0 2

Pavement not exceeding 3 Inches thick per 70 Feet 0 3

Pavement above 3 Inches thick - per 16 Cubic Feet 0 3

Scythe Stones - - per Score 0 04

Millstones - - ’ - - - each 0 6

Starch • * • per Ton 1 0

Steel - * - per Ton 1 0

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

405)

5.

Stucco - per Ton 0

Sugar • per Ton 1

Sulphur ■ per Ton 0

Tallow - per Ton 1

Tanner’s Waste (Scrows and Hair) per Ton 0

Tar - per Barrel 0

Tea per Chest 0

Thread - per Ton 1

Tiles, Roofing per 1,000 0

Tiles or Pipes for draining per 1,000 0

Tin of all Kinds - per Ton 1

Tobacco - per Ton 2

Tow .... per Ton 1

Treenails under 2 Feet in Length per 1,000 0

Do. exceeding do. do. per 1,000 0

Turnips - per Ton 0

Turpentine ... per Hogshead 0

Twine and Twisted Yarn per Ton 1

Vegetables ... per Cartload 0

Verdigris ... per Ton 1

Vinegar .... per Hogshead 0

Vitriol - per Carboy 0

Whalebone ... per Ton 2

Whitening ... per Ton 0

Wine .... - per Hogshead 0

Do., bottled ... . per Barrel Bulk 0

Wood: —

Fir, Pine, and other Descriptions not enu-

merated - per Load of 50 Feet 0

Oak or Wainscoat per Load of 50 Feet 0

Firewood ... . per Fathom 0

Laths and Lathewood- per Fathom of 216 Cubic Feet 2

Handspokes - - per 120 0

Oars ... - per 120 2

Spars under 22 Feet in Length, above 2 A and

under 4 Inches in Diameter . per 120 2

Spars 21 Inches in Diameter and under per 120 1

Spars 22 Feet in Length and upwards, not exceeding 4 Inches in Diameter - per 120 5

Spars of all Lengths, above 4 and under 6

Inches in Diameter . per 120 10

Spokes of Wheels, not exceeding 2 Feet in

Length - - per 120 0

Exceeding 2 Feet in Length - per 120 0

Wedges ... - per 1,000 0

Pipe Staves and others in proportion per Standard 100 0

Lignum Vitae, Fustic, Logwood, Mahogany,

Rosewood, and other Kinds - per Ton 1

Wool ---. • per Cwt. 0

[Zoca/.] 5 L

d.

8

0

8

0

8

II

0

n

6

0

0

0

4

8

4

5

0

1

0

3

1

0

6

5

2

8

10

4

0

8

0

6

0

0

0

3

4

8

10

0

u

410

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

Yarn Ton 0 6

Yeast - per Hogshead 0 3

Zinc per Ton 10

All other Goods not particularly in the above Table: —

Light Goods Heavy Goods

enumerated

. per Barrel Bulk per Ton

0

1

0

In charging the Petty Customs the gross Weight or Measurement of all Goods to be taken 5 and for any less Weights, Measures, and Quantities than those above specified, a Proportion of the respective Rates shall be charged.

Five Cubic Feet, not exceeding Two and a Half Cwt., to be rated as a Barrel Bulk; but when the Rate of Five Cubic F eet is greater than Two and a Half Cwt-, then Two and a Half Cwt. to be rated as a Barrel Bulk.

SCHEDULE (F.)

Form of Complaint.

Unto the Honourable the Sheriff of [or, Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for] the County of Fife.

The Complaint and Information of A. B.

Humbly sheweth,

That C.D. has been guilty of a Contravention of " The Kirkcaldy Harbour and Petty Customs Act, 1849," and of " The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847," incorporated therewith, or one or other of the said Acts, in so far as [here describe the Offence generally, and state the Time and Place when and where the same was committed], whereby the said C.D. has incurred the Forfeiture [or Penalty] of provided by the

Section of the said " Kirkcaldy Harbour and Petty Customs Acts" [or of the said " Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act"].

May it therefore please your to grant Warrant

to summon the said ( . D. to appear before to answer to this Complaint, and to be dealt with in Terms of the said Acts, or one or other of them.

According to Justice, §c.

[Signed by Complainer or Informer.]

Form

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

411

Form of Warrant.

[Place and Fate.] Having considered the foregoing Complaint, grants Warrant to summon the said C.D. complained of to appear before [Magistrate, and Place and Time], and that by serving the said C.D. with a Copy of the foregoing. Complaint and of this Deliverance, and also grants Warrant for citing Witnesses at the Instance of both Parties to attend at the same Place and Time.

[Signed by Sheriff or Justice of Peace.]

Form of Sentence.

[Place and Date.] The [Magistrate], in respect of the Evidence adduced [or, of the judicial Confession of the said C.D., as the Case may be], convicts the said C.D. of the Offence charged, and therefore decerns and adjudges him to forfeit and pay to the Complainer the Sum of of Penalty, with the Sum of of Expenses, one Half of the said Penalty to be retained by the Complainer, and the other Half thereof [or as the Case may be] to be paid and accounted for by him to the Kirk Session or Collector of the Punds for the Poor of the Parish of Kirkcaldy; and failing Payment by the said C.D. forthwith* grants Warrant for Recovery of the said Penalty and Expenses by Poinding of his Goods and Effects, and summary Sale thereof on the Expiration of not less than Forty-eight Hours after such Poinding; appoints a Return or Execution of such Poinding and Sale to be reported within Eight Days from this Date, and in the meantime grants Warrant for detaining the said C.D. in the Prison of until such Return be reported.

* [If it shall appear at the Trial that no sufficient Poinding can be made within the Jurisdiction of the Magistrate, say here — " and in respect it appears that no sufficient Poinding and Sale can be had whereon to levy the said Penalty and Expenses, grants Warrant to imprison the said C.D. in Prison of for the Space of from this

Date, unless the said Penalty and Expenses be sooner paid, and decerns."]

Warrant of Imprisonment to be granted in case of a Return being made that no sufficient Goods and Effects could be found.

[Place and Date.] The [Magistrate], in respect of the Return made that no sufficient Effects can be found whereon to levy the said Penalty and Expenses, grants Warrant to imprison the said C.D. in the Prison of for the Space of from this Date, unless the said

Penalty and Expenses be sooner paid, and decerns.

Warrant

412

12°& 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx.

Warrant of Liberation.

[Place and Date.] The f Magistrate], in respect of the Return of a sufficient Poinding and Sale of the Effects of the said C.D. [or, in respect of Payment having been made of the said Penalty and Expenses, as the Case may be,] grants Warrant to the Keeper of the Prison of for the immediate Liberation of the said C.D., and decerns.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

Cap. xxxi.

An Act to amend " The Sunderland Dock Act,

1846," and for other Purposes.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS the Sunderland Dock Act, 1846, being an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the lteign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act for constructing a Wet loVict. Dock and other Works on the South Side of the River Wear, at c, 13. Sunderland near the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham, incorporated the Sunderland Dock Company, with a Capital of Three hundred thousand Pounds, and authorized such Company to make and maintain the Dock and other Works therein mentioned or referred to, and gave to them various Powers: And whereas the said Dock and Works have not yet been completed : And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act, and the Powers of the Company, should be altered, amended, and enlarged as herein-after expressed:

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in Provisions of the recited Act, so far as the same are not inconsistent with or are not recited Act altered or repealed by the Provisions of this Act, shall extend to this [^itgeJ[ded to Act, and to the several Purposes thereof, as fully and effectually as if ' 16 ct' the same Provisions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enacted in this Act in reference to such Purposes.

414

[Short Title.]

Acts of Directors appointed under recited Act declared valid, notwithstanding Informality in their Election,

&c.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cajj.xxxi.

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, Parliamentary Notices, and other Documents, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression "The Sunderland, Dock Amendment Act, 1849."

III. And whereas by the recited Act the Persons therein named were appointed the First Directors of the Company; and it was enacted, that they should continue in Office until the First Ordinary Meeting to be held after the passing of that Act, and at such Meeting the Shareholders present, personally or by Proxy, might either continue in Office the Directors appointed by that Act, or any Number of them, or might elect a new Number of Directors, or Directors to supply the Places of those not continued in Office, the Directors appointed by that Act being eligible as Directors of such new Body; and it was enacted, that at the First Ordinary Meeting to be held in the Year next after the Year in which such last-mentioned Directors should have been appointed or elected, the Shareholders present, either personally or by Proxy, should elect Persons to supply the Place of the Directors then retiring from Office agreeably to the Provisions in the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act contained; and the several Persons elected at any such Meeting, being neither removed nor disqualified, nor having resigned, should continue to be Directors until others were elected in their Stead : And whereas by the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act it was enacted, that the Directors appointed by the special Act and continued in Office, or the Directors elected to supply the Places of those retiring, should retire from Office at the Times and in the Proportions mentioned in the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act; viz., at the End of the First Year after the First Election of Directors the Number therein mentioned, at the End of the Second Year the Number therein mentioned, and at the End of the Third Year the Number therein mentioned: And whereas inasmuch as the Provisions of the last-mentioned Act, and of the Sunderland Dock Act, with respect to the Retirement of the Directors named in such Act, and the Appointment of others, are inconsistent with each other, be it enacted, That the Thirteen Persons herein-after named, viz. George Hudson, Christopher Brain-well, David Jonassohn, Thomas Brown, Richard Spoor, William Ord, Thomas Reed, Robert Davies, James Richardson, and Nicholas Wood, being Ten of the Persons named as Directors in the Sunderland Dock Act, and John Clap, who has been appointed a Director in the Place of Andrew White another of the Directors named in the same Act, John Scott, who has been appointed a Director in the Place of Thomas Wood another of the Directors named in the same Act, and Thomas Hunter, who has been appointed a Director in the Place of James Hartley the other Director named in the same Act, and which Thirteen Persons have from Time to Time been continued or re-elected and now act as the Directors of the Company, are hereby declared to have been duly elected, and the Appointments of them respectively as Directors are hereby confirmed, and that notwithstanding the Informality (if any) in the Continuation in Office, Election, or Re-election of them, any or either of them, and notwithstanding any Act, Matter, or Thing relating thereto, all Acts done by any Meeting of them as Directors, and all Acts done by any

Meeting

415

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

Meeting of the first-named Ten Directors, and of the said Andrew White, Thomas Wood, and James Hartley, or either or any of them, shall be and are hereby declared to be valid.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Ordinary Meetings of the Com- lr°el£*ec. pany, which shall be held in the Month of August in each Year, shall }"0"gre0f t>;_* be the Meetings at wdiich, pursuant to the Companies Clauses Con- rectors. solidation Act, Directors retiring from Office by Rotation shall so

retire, and at which their Places shall be supplied; and that in the Construction of that Act, as applied to the Sunderland Dock Act, the Ordinary Meeting which shall be held in the Month of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine shall be deemed the End of the First Year, the Ordinary Meeting which shall be held in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty the End of the Second Year, and the Ordinary Meeting which shall be held in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one the End of the Third Year, respectively named in the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act with reference to the Rotation of Directors; and at the first of the above-mentioned Ordinary Meetings the Shareholders present, either personally or by Proxy, shall elect Persons to supply the Places of the Directors then retiring from Office agreeably to the Provisions of the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act; and the several Persons elected at such Meeting, being neither removed nor disqualified, nor having resigned, shall continue to be Directors until others are elected in their Stead in Manner provided by the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, and thenceforth the Provisions of that Act with respect to the Rotation of Directors shall be observed.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to Power to raise the additional Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds which by raise Money the recited Act they are authorized to borrow on Mortgage or Bond, ^nC^ation or any Part thereof, by creating new Shares in the Company instead Shares in-of borrowing the same, or, having borrowed the same, to continue at stead of Interest only a Part of such additional Sum, and to raise Part thereof borrowing, by creating new Shares; and the new Shares so to be created shall be

of such nominal Amount, and the Proprietors thereof shall be entitled to such Privileges, and such Preferences or Priorities as to Dividend or otherwise, and such Guarantee, as the Company may determine, and shall in the first instance be offered to the Proprietors of original Shares in the Undertaking of the Company in fair Proportion to the Number of such original Shares as they shall respectively hold therein : Provided always, that no such Augmentation of Capital shall take place without the previous Authority of a General Meeting of the Company.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Capital so to be raised by the Capital Creation of new Shares shall be considered as Part of the general ra'sed by Capital of the Company, and shall be subject to the same Provisions Creation of in all respects, whether with reference to the Payment of Calls, or the lob/'ubTect Forfeiture of Shares, or Nonpayment of Calls, or otherwise, as if it to same Pm-had been Part of the original Capital, except as to the Amount of visions as such Shares, and the Times of making Calls thereon, and the Amount 0,ri?!nal

of such Calls, which respectively it shall be lawful for the Directors Cap,taL

of

410

Voting by Proprietors of new Shares.

Extending Period for compulsory Purchase of Lands.

Existing Contracts and Notices to take Lands not to be affected.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

of the Company from Time to Time to fix as they shall think fit, and as to the Guarantee and Privileges as to Preference or Priority, if any, which are to be attached to such Shares, which Privileges it shall be lawful for the Company to fix as they shall think proper.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Proprietors of any new Shares created under the Powers of this Act shall be entitled to such Number of Votes in respect thereof as the nominal Amount represented by such Shares would have entitled them to if such new Shares had been original Shares in the Undertaking of the Company.

VIII. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding anything contained in the recited Act, the Period after which the Powers thereby granted to the Company for the compulsory Purchase or taking of Lands shall not be exercised shall be and is hereby extended; and it shall be lawful for the Company to avail themselves of and act upon such Powers at any Time, or from Time to Time within the Period of Two Years from the passing of this Act, but the said Powers shall not be exercised after the Expiration of Two Years from the passing hereof.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall in anywise prejudice or affect any Contracts entered into or Notice given by the said Company before the passing of this Act, for purchasing, taking, or using any Lands which under the said Act such Company is entitled to purchase, take, or use, but every such Contract and Notice respectively shall be construed, and shall take effect, and the same Proceedings shall be had thereunder, and all Parties thereto shall be entitled to the same Rights and Remedies in respect thereof, both at Law and in Equity, as if this Act had not been passed.

Parties X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Justices, Arbi-

aggrieved by trator, Umpires, or Juries respectively, as the Case may be, who, TimTbein of unt*er t*ie Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, shall award gramedCing or assess the Compensation to be made by the Company to the

may have Owners or Occupiers of or other Persons interested in any of the

Compensa Lands which shall be taken or used for the Purposes of the Dock or

additional ^or*'s by the said recited Act or this Act authorized, or which may

Damage8 be injuriously affected by the Construction thereof, shall, in estimating the Amount of such Compensation, have regard to and make Compensation for the additional Damages (if any) sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, or other Persons by reason of any such Extension of Time having been granted as aforesaid.

Extending

XL. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding anything contained Period for in the recited Act, the Period after which the Powers thereby granted of’vv'oHtg0'1 to the Company for making and executing the Works thereby autho-or'!" rized, or otherwise relating thereto, are to cease, is hereby extended; and it shall be lawful for the Company to avail themselves of and act upon such Powers at any Time or from Time to Time within the Period of Five Years from the passing of this Act (except as hereinafter

417

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

after next mentioned), but the said Powers shall not be exercised after the Expiration of Five Years from the passing hereof.

XII. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding anything contained Extending in the said recited Act, the Period after which the Powers thereby Execution granted to the said Company for providing a suitable Site for the ot Ordnance Erection of a new Battery, Fort, Buildings and Conveniences con- Works, nected therewith, and for carrying up a proper Foundation Wall for the Tower of the said new Buildings to the Level of the proposed Dock Wall, are to cease, is hereby extended; and it shall be lawful for the said Company to avail themselves of and act on such Powers from Time to Time within the Period of Two Years from the passing of this Act; and in all other respects the Terms and Conditions in the said recited Act contained, and all the Powers and Authorities thereby given and vested in the Master General and principal Officers of Her Majesty's Board of Ordnance, shall remain in full Force and Effect.

XIII. And be it enacted, That such Parts of the Sunderland Dock Toll*.

Act, 1846, as may or would empower the said Company to demand, receive, or recover from the Master or Owner of every Vessel entering

or using the said Dock the Rate or Duty specified in the Schedule (A.) to that Act, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that in place thereof be it enacted, That as soon as the said Dock shall be fit for the Reception of Vessels, it shall be lawful for the Company to demand, receive, and recover from every Master or Owner of every Ship or Vessel entering or leaving the said Dock any Rate or Duty not exceeding the Rate or Duty specified in the Schedule (A.) to this Act, for every Ton Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, for each and every Time she enters or leaves the said Dock, the Amount of such Burthen to be ascertained as in the said recited Act is directed; and every such Ship or Vessel shall pay the Tonnage Rate or Duty on leaving the said Dock, notwithstanding she may have paid or been liable to pay the Tonnage Rate or Duty when she entered the same.

XIV. And be it enacted, That such Part of the Sunderland Dock Certificate Act, 184G, as directs that a Certificate of the Chairman of the of Justices Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Durham shall be sufficient Evidence of the Dock being completed and fit for the Reception of Dockbelnc Vessels, be and the same is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof be it ready for g enacted, That a Certificate under the Hand of any Chairman of the Reception Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County Palatine of Durham, of Vessels-or from any Three of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Borough of Sunderland in Petty Sessions assembled, 7uch Justices not being in any Manner interested in the said Dock, shall be conclusive Evidence that the Dock is fit for the Reception of Vessels; and any such Chairman or Justices shall sign such Certificate on proper Proof being adduced to him that the Dock is in a State hereinbefore mentioned.

XV.And be it enacted, That such Parts of the Sutiderkmd Dock Tolls on Act, 1846, as authorizes the said Company to demand, receive, and Goods, & [Local. 1 5 N

1 J ° recover

418

Vessels remaining in Dock beyond a certain Period liable to a further Rate.

Power to Commissioners of the River Wear to take certain Rates, &c.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

recover, for all Goods, Merchandize, Articles, or Things mentioned in the Schedule fB.) to that Act, loaded or delivered from or upon the Quays or Wharfs to be constructed under the Authority of that Act, or shipped or unshipped within the said Dock, the several Rates in the said Schedule specified, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and in the place thereof be it enacted That it shall be lawful for the said Company to demand, receive, and recover, for or in respect of all Goods, Merchandize, Articles, or Things mentioned in the Schedule (B.) to this Act, loaded or delivered from or upon the Quays or Wharfs to be constructed under the Authority of this Act or the said recited Act, or shipped or unshipped within the said Dock, any Sum not exceeding the several Rates in the said Schedule specified.

XVI. And be it enacted, That such Part of the Sunderland, Dock Act, 1846, as directs that for Vessels remaining in the Dock longer than Fourteen Days there should be paid a further Tonnage Rate as therein mentioned, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and in the place thereof be it enacted, That if any Vessel using the said Dock, except Inward-bound Vessels with Cargoes that shall be delivered in the said Dock, shall remain in the Dock for any longer Space of Time than Fourteen Days, or, in case of such Inward-bound Vessels as aforesaid, for any longer Space than Thirty Days, such Periods to be respectively computed from the Time of going into the Dock, there shall be paid and payable to the Company by the Master or Owner of every such Vessel, according tot he Tonnage or Burthen thereof, over and above all Tonnage Rates or Duties to which the same shall or may be liable on entering and leaving the said Dock by virtue of this Act, a further Rate or Duty not exceeding Two-pence per Ton for every Week, and so in proportion for any Period less than a Week, during which any such Vessel shall remain in the said Dock beyond such respective Periods as aforesaid: Provided always, that such additional Rates shall not be payable for any such Vessel which shall have been prevented from leaving the said Dock by an Embargo.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting under an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for the Improvement and Preservation of the River Wear and Port and Haven of Sunderland in the County Palatine of Durham, to levy and receive such and the same Tolls, Rates, and Duties in respect of Ships or Vessels entering or using, and all Coals and Cinders shipped or delivered in the said Sunderland Dock, as such Commissioners are or may from Time to Time be entitled to, and shall levy and receive in respect of Ships and Vessels entering or using, and Coals and Cinders shipped or delivered in the River Wear, or the Port or Haven of Sunderland; and the said Commissioners shall and may lawfully have, use, and exercise all such and the same Powers and Remedies for ascertaining the Tonnage of all Ships and Vessels, and the Quantity of Coals and Cinders liable to Duty to them under the Provisions of this Act, and for levying, receiving, and recovering the Tolls, Rates, and Duties by this Act imposed and payable to them in respect of Ships or Vessels entering or using, and Coals and Cinders shipped or delivered in the

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi. 419

said Dock, or otherwise in relation thereto, as are by the said Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty granted in respect of the Tolls, Rates, and Duties thereby imposed, and for such Purpose the said Sunderland Dock shall be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of the said River Wear: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to authorize the said Commissioners to exercise or have any Power or Jurisdiction whatsoever within the said Dock, or the Entrance thereto or the Outlet therefrom, except such as may be necessary for enabling them to ascertain the Amount of Tolls, Rates, and Duties payable to them, and for levying, receiving, and recovering the same.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That such Parts of the Sunderland Certain Pro-Dock Act, 1846, as require that the Sunderland Dock Company shall visions of the receive and pay to the said Commissioners, in respect of all .Ships and dTc^AcT Vessels entering and Coals or Cinders shipped or delivered in the as to such said Dock, the same Rates and Dues as Ships or Vessels entering Rates and and Coals and Cinders shipped or delivered either in the River Wear Duties re-or the Port or Haven of Sunderland are or may be liable to pay to pea e '

the said Commissioners, and to require that the Company shall half-yearly render to the said Commissioners an Account in Writing of the Coals and Cinders shipped and delivered in the said Dock in the preceding Half Year, and as impose a Forfeiture and Payment in case of failing to deliver such Account, or knowingly delivering an incorrect Account, shall be and are hereby repealed.

XIX. And be it enacted, That in addition to the Powers by the Additional recited Act given to the Dock Master and his Assistants, it shall be Power to lawful for the said Dock Master and his Assistants, or any of them, Dock Master in case the said Dock shall at any Time or Times be so full or the^iu'on crowded with Ships or Vessels laying up so as to prevent, impede, of Vessels, or render inconvenient the Export or Import Trade of the said Dock,

or the Ships entering or leaving the same, to remove any of such Ships or Vessels so laying up as aforesaid into any other more convenient Part of the said Dock, or into the River Wear, such Ships or Vessels when brought into the River Weare being under the Directions of the Haven Masters of the Port for the Time being for such Time as he or they may see fit: Provided that such Ships so removed shall not be liable, on such Removal into the said River, or back again into the said Dock, to the Tonnage Duties payable on Ships or Vessels entering or leaving the said Dock.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any Goods which shall be brought Company into the Dock on board of any Vessel shall not be duly entered with may land the Customs, and the Order for landing lodged with the Officer of Goot's not the Customs stationed on board such Vessel, or with the proper Officer df>ly e"ter5a of the Customs within the said Dock, as the Case may be, within piration of Seven Days next after the Vessel importing the said Goods shall have Seve" Days; been reported to the Custom House, then and in every such Case it

shall be lawful for the proper Officer of the said Company appointed for that Purpose, on the next ensuing Day (not being a Sundau C/mstmas Day, or Good Friday, the King’s or Queen’s Birthday or a Day appointed by Her Majesty's Proclamation for the Purposes of a

General

420

and in default of Export or Payment of Duty within Six Months, the Commissioners of Customs may sell the same.

Company empowered to enter Goods if not entered by the Owners thereof.

Such Goods not liable to Seizure for Inaccuracy in Entry.

Goods to be detained till Production of Bills of Lading.

12° & 13° VI CTO RLE, Cap. xxxl

General Fast or Thanksgiving), to cause such Goods to be forthwith landed and warehoused in the Presence of the Officers of the Revenue, who are hereby authorized and directed to take a true and particular Account of the Quantity, Quality, and Species thereof; and in case such Goods shall not be duly exported, or the Duties on such Goods shall not be paid and discharged within Six Calendar Months next after such Report as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to sell and dispose of such Goods, or any Part thereof, to answer and satisfy the Duties thereon, rendering the Overples, if any, of the Monies arising by such Sale, after Payment of the Freight, and of any Rates, Charges, or Expenses which may be due to the said Company, to the Owner of such Goods, on Demand : Provided always, that if a Price cannot be obtained for such Goods equal to the full Amount of the Duties of Customs payable thereon, and the Charges of the Sale thereof, and Freight, Rates, Charges, or Expenses as aforesaid, then and in such Case all such Goods shall be effectually destroyed, or otherwise be sold and disposed of, in such Manner, and for such Purposes, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs shall from Time to Time direct.

XXI. And be it enacted, That whenever the Despatch of Business shall be obstructed by the Neglect or Delay of the Master or Owners of Vessels, or the Owners or Consignees of Cargoes, both or either, in making or passing due Entries for such Cargoes, or some Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the proper Officer of the said Company to cause a warehousing Entry or Entries to be made for the Inward Cargo, or any Part or Parts of such Inward Cargo, of any Vessel lying within the said Dock, for which an Entry shall not have been made by the Owner thereof, and for which the Customs Order for the Delivery shall not have been lodged with the proper Officer of the Customs within the said Dock, within Forty-eight Hours from the Day on which the Cargo of such Vessel shall have been reported at the Custom House in Sunderland, such Entry to be made according to the Marks, Numbers, Package or Packages, Qualities, Quantities, or Contents of such Cargo, or Part or Parts thereof, as shall be described in the Report of the Cargo of any such Vessel (such Goods being such as by Law may be warehoused), and forthwith to land and warehouse, both or either, as the Case may be, such Goods, and retain the same as a Security for the Payment of the Duties to which they may be subject, and of the Rates and Sums payable thereon to the said Company, together with the Rent and Freight due thereupon.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Goods entered by the said Company or their Officer as aforesaid shall be liable to Seizure or Forfeiture by reason of any Inaccuracy in the Entry thereof, unless it shall appear to the Commissioners of Customs that such Inaccuracy was intentional or occasioned by wilful or culpable Negligence; and it shall be lawful for the said Company to detain any Goods being in the Possession of the said Company so entered as aforesaid, until the Person applying for the Delivery or Transfer

thereof

421

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

thereof shall have lodged with the said Company a Counterpart of the Bill of Lading which shall have been signed for the same at the Port of Loading in Parts beyond the Seas.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Directors Company of the said Company or their proper Officer in that Behalf, whenever ^'prevenT they or he shall see Occasion, to forbid and prevent any Vessel lying in Paf, 0fa the said Dock to break Bulk or land any Part of the Cargo thereof Cargo being until the whole of such Cargo shall have been duly entered at the landed until Custom House, and Orders for the landing thereof lodged with the ,^Custom proper Officers of Her Majesty's Customs at the said Dock; and House, every Master or other Person having the Command of any Vessel

who shall break Bulk or land any Part of the Cargo thereof, after Notice from such Officer of the said Company not to do so, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the proper Officer of Her Majesty's Customs from causing or permitting any Part or Parts of such Cargo to be landed and to be housed with the said Company for the Security of the Revenue, or for clearing the Vessel, whenever he or they shall think fit.

XXIV. And whereas inconvenient and unnecessary Delay may Company occur in the discharging or loading of Ships in the said Dock from the m(ag case Inadequacy, Insufficiency, or improper Conduct of the Persons em- empioyPer-ployed for that Purpose by the Owners or other Persons having the sons to dis-Command of such Vessels, and also from the Negligence or Default charge or of the Masters or other Persons having such Command as aforesaid, ,oai1 Ships, to the great Hindrance of the general Business of the said Dock : Be

it enacted, That whenever such Delay shall take place in the discharging or loading of any Vessel within the said Dock, either from the Inadequacy, Insufficiency, or improper Conduct of the Persons employed for that Purpose, or from the Negligence or Default of the Master or other Person having the Command of such Vessel, it shall and may in every such Case be lawful for the said Company, or the proper Officer thereof in that Behalf, to cause to be employed a sufficient Number of fit and proper Persons to discharge or load or assist in discharging or loading the Cargo of such Vessel, and to make a reasonable Charge for the same upon the Owner thereof, to be recovered in the same Form and by the same Remedies as are appointed and given hereby for the Recovery of the Rates payable to the said Company in respect of such Vessel; and every Master or Penalty on other Person having the Command of any Vessel in the said Dock Master for who shall not properly clear the Deck of such Vessel, by stowing "ot Rearing away such Articles as impede the Delivery of the Cargo, upon being Ves^eUf required so to do by such proper Officer as aforesaid, shall for every any Impedi-such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds. ment to tho

Delivery.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Master of every Vessel which Master of shall or may load or unload in the said Dock, or some Person ap- Vessel, &c. pointed by him or by the Owner of such Vessel for that Purpose, [0 be on shall, during all the Time employed in loading or unloading or Tfi^of discharging such Vessel, remain on board, and superintend, aid, and loading.

[Loctf/.] 5 0 assist

422

Penalty on Neglect.

Power to Cormiiis-

li?ver Wear*" belonging to or used by the Commissioners of the River Wear for to use the the exclusive Purposes of their Works, to enter the Basin or Dock of Dock free of the Company with such Boat, Barge, or Vessel, and there to ship or charge. unship any Stone, Timber, or other Materials to be used exclusively in or about the Works of the said Commissioners, and also to enter the said Basin or Dock with any such Barge or Vessel as aforesaid in stormy or tempestuous Weather, and there remain during the Prevalence thereof, without being liable in any such Cases to pay to the said Company any Rates, Duties, or Charges in respect thereof; provided the Gates of the Dock can be opened to admit such Barges, Boats, or Vessels without Injury to the said Dock, and without Danger to the Ships and other Vessels therein; and provided also, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners to bring into the Dock, or to load or unload, any Sand, Ballast, Gravel, and French or common Chalk, or Manure, without paying to the Company the Tolls and Charges payable in respect thereof.

Provisions of

XXVII. And be it enacted, That "The Harbours, Docks, and to ten Vict. Piers Clauses Act, 1817," except where the same shall be repugnant c'2'- j to or inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, shall be incorporated with this with and be construed as forming Part of this Act: Provided always, Act. that nothing in this Act, or in the said Harbours, Docks, and Piers

Clauses Act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the Company to provide or keep any Life Boat, Mortar, or Rockets until they shall be required so to do by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty; and upon such Requisition being made, the Clauses relating thereto contained in the said Harbours, Docks, and Piers Glauses Act shall as regards this Act be in full Force; and that nothing in this Act, or in the said Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act contained, shall extend to compel the Company to erect or keep any Match-house, Boat-house, Hut, or Weighing Materials for the Use of the Officers of the Revenue, until the Company shall be required so to do by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs, in Writing; and upon any such Requisition being made, the Clauses relating thereto contained in the said Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act shall as regards this Act be in full Force.

Provision in

XXVIII. And whereas Doubts may arise as to the Limits within 10 & 11 Vict, which the Provisions of the said Act of the Eleventh George the (Listin'*9'0 fourth prohibit the casting of Ballast and other Substances, it is Ballast re- expedient that further and more effectual Provisions should be

pealed. made for preventing the casting of Ballast or any other Substances

within

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

assist in such loading, unloading, or discharging; and every such Master or Person so appointed as aforesaid who shall neglect or refuse to superintend, aid, and assist in the loading, unloading, and discharging of the same as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Master nr nflinr Pnrsnn linvinor Charffe of any Boat. Bartre. or Other Vessel

423

12° & 13° VICTORIA, O/p.xxxi.

within the Limits herein-after defined: Be it therefore enacted, That such Part of the said last-mentioned Act as imposes a Penalty upon Persons casting or unloading Ballast or other Substances within the Limits therein specified shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Penalty on Six Calendar Months from the Day on which the Dock or any Part ^™°ns thereof shall be opened for the Reception of Vessels, if the said Com- Uaiiasa into pany or the said Commissioners, or any other Person whomsoever, the ltiver under any Pretence whatever, shall cast or unload any Ballast, Sand, Wear, &c. Stones, Rubbish, Wreck, Filth, Gravel, Coal, Ashes, or other Substance (except upon Land above the full Sea and Tide Mark, or upon some Quay or Staith situated higher than the Flux of the 'fide,) into the Navigation of the said River Wear, so far as the Place called South Biddick or Biddick Ford, or into the Port or Haven of Sunderland as the same extends from the Promontory or Point called Souter Point, about Two Miles from Sunderland Bar towards the Northeast, and so into the Sea to Ten Fathoms at Low Water, and from thence in a supposed Line till it falls (still in 'fen Fathoms at Low Water) opposite to a certain Place called Ryhope Dean, about Two Miles towards the South; or if the said Company or the said Commissioners, or any other Person, shall, at any Time between the passing of this Act and the Expiration of Six Months from the Day on which the said Dock or any Part thereof shall be opened for the Reception of Vessels as aforesaid, cast or unload any such Ballast or other Material or Thing as aforesaid (except as aforesaid) into the Navigation of the said River Wear so far as the said Place called South Biddick or Biddick Ford, or .into the Port or Haven of Sunderland as the same extends from the said Promontory or Point called Souter Point, and so into the Sea to Five Fathoms at Low Water, and from thence in a supposed Line till it falls (still in Five Fathoms at Low Water) opposite to the said Place called Ryhope Dean; or if the said Company or the said Commissioners, or any other Person, shall at any Time after the passing of this Act dig and remove from and out of one Part of the said River, and cast into another Part thereof, any Soil, Ballast, Sand, Stones, Rubbish, Wreck, Filth, Gravel, Coal,

Ashes, or other Substance, except upon Land above the full Sea and Tide Mark, or upon some Quay or Staith situated higher than the Flux of the Tide, the said Company or the said Commissioners or any other Person committing any such Act as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered in a summary Way, and applied in the same Manner as Penalties are recoverable and are to be applied under the said Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein-before contained shall abridge, lessen, defeat, prevent, obstruct, interfere with, or prejudice any Work authorized to be executed, or any Power,

Bight, or Privilege given to the said Sunderland Dock Company by the said Sunderland Dock Act, One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, or to the said Commissioners of the River Wear by the said recited Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth.

424

If Admiralty order a local Survey, the Expense to be defrayed by the Company.

If Works across tidal Waters are abandoned, Admiralty may remove them at the Expense of the Company.

Expenses of Act.

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cajt.xxxi.

XXX. And be it enacted, That if after Working Drawings of the Works by this or the said recited Act authorized shall have been submitted to the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, it shall be deemed expedient by him or them to order a local Survey and Examination of such Works, or of the intended Site thereof, the Company shall defray the Costs of such local Survey and Examination, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due to Her Majesty from the Company, and, if not paid upon Demand, may be recovered as a Debt due to the Crown, with the Costs of Suit, or may be recovered with Costs, as a Penalty is or may be recoverable from the Company.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any Work to be constructed by the Company in or affecting any tidal Water or navigable River, or if any Portion of the Work which affects any such Water or River or Access thereto, shall be abandoned or suffered to fall into Disuse or Decay by the Company, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to abate and remove the same or such Part or Parts thereof as he or they may at any Time or Times deem fit and proper, and to restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Cost and Charge of the Company, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due from the Company to the Crown, and be recoverable accordingly with Costs of Suit.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, or preparatory thereto, shall be paid out of the Funds of the Company in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.\\\i.

425

Outward

Charges

Inward

Charges

SCHEDULE (A.)

Tonnage Rates.

RATES.

s. d.

'For every Ship clearing for any Port in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man, per Ton For every Ship clearing for any Port in the White Sea, or any Port between the North Cape and Gibraltar, including the Baltic, and for the British Possessions in North America, per Ton For every Ship clearing for any Port within the Straits of Gibraltar, or for any Port in the United States of America and the West Indies, per Ton For every Ship clearing for any other Port or Place than above specified, per Ton -

For every Ship entering the Dock for the sole and exclusive Purpose of delivering or unloading Ballast, Gravel, or Sand, per Ton -

For every Ship entering or leaving the Dock without delivering or loading a Cargo, per Ton "For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port in the United Kingdom or in the Isle of Man, per Ton - For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place in Europe between Ushant and the Naze in Norway, except the Ports in the Baltic Sea, or from any Port in the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, per Ton

For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place in the Baltic Sea, or between Ushant and the Straits of Gibraltar, or between the Naze and the North Cape, per Ton -

For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place within the Straits of Gibraltar, or to the East of the North Cape, or in Madeira, the Azores, or North America South of Davis’ Straits, per Ton For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place in Africa between the Straits of Gibraltar and the Cape of Good Hope, or from the Canaries, Cape de Verd Islands, or St. Helena, per Ton For every Ship with a Cargo from the West Indies,' the East Coast of South America, Greenland, or Davis’ Straits, per Ton - For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place I Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope or Westward of Cape Horn, per Ton -

0 2

0 2

0 4

0 6

0 li

0 2 0 2

0 4 0 6 0 8

1 0 1 6

5 P

426

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Schedule of Rates or Tolls on Goods.

RATES.

Agates, per Package -

Ale, Porter, or Beer, per Butt or Pun. -per Hhd.

per Barrel -

per smaller Cask ... bottled, in Packages, per Dozen Quarts per Dozen Pints

Alkali, per Ton Alkanet Root, per Cwt.

Almonds, per Tierce per Barrel per Bag or Box Aloes, per Cwt.

Alum, per Ton -

Alva Marina or Sea Grass, per Ton Amber and Beads, per Package

rough, per Ton Ambergris, per Package Amethysts. (See Agates.)

Anchors. (See Iron.)

Anchovies, per Keg Angelica Root, per Cwt.

Annatto in Casks, per Cwt.

in Boxes or Baskets, per Cwt. Aniseed, per Ton Antimony, per Ton

Ore, per Ton Apples, per Hhd.

per Tierce

per Barrel, Box, or Basket per Sieve or Half Basket loose, per Barrel or Bushel Argol, per Ton -

Arrowroot, per Cwt.

Arsenic, per Cwt. -Assafcetida, per Cwt.

Ashes, Pot and Pearl, per Ton Asphaltum, per Ton

Bacon, per Hhd. ... per Tierce.

per Bale -

loose, per Ton ...

Baggage, for small Package, under 56 Pounds per Package, 56 Pounds and under 2 Cwt. per Package, 2 Cwt. and upwards Bagging, per Piece ....

1. d.

0 6

0 4

0 3

0 2

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 9

0 1

0 4

0 2

0 1

0 1

0 9

1 0

0 6

1 0

0 2

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 2

1 0

1 0

0 6

0 4

0 2

0 1

0 .1

0 1

0 8

0 1

0 1

0 1

1 0

0 6

0 6

0 4

0 2

1 0

0 1

0 2

0 4

0 1

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cajo.xxxi.

427

RATES.

Bags, empty, per Score -

Bags of Goods not enumerated, per Bag -

Ballast, Gravel, and French or common Chalk, and Manure, per Ton -

Depositing such Ballast, Gravel, and French or common Chalk, or Manure, and leading the same to such Place of Deposit, per Ton -

Bales, Cases, Casks, Trusses, or other Packages of Cottons, Linens, or Woollens, and not exceeding 8 Feet, per Package upwards of 8 Feet to 25 Feet inclusive, per Package upwards of 25 Feet to 55 Feet inclusive, per Package upwards of 55 Feet, per Package -

Balsam, per Cwt. -

Bamboos. (See Canes, Ground Rattans.)

Barilla, per Ton -

Bark, Medicinal, per Cwt. -

Tanners, per Ton -Barley in Bulk. (See Grain.)

Pearl, per Tierce -

per Barrel, Bag, or Keg -

Baskets, per large Bale or Case ...

per middle ditto, ditto -

per small ditto, or Bundle of Goods not enumerated large, each ....

small or empty, each -

Beads. (See Bugles.)

Beans in Bulk. (See Grain.)

Bedsteads, each ...

Beef, per Tierce - - - .

per Barrel

per Tub or Kit

Beer. (See Ale and Beer.)

Spruce, per Keg - - - ...

Bees Wax, per Ton

Bellows, Smiths, per large Pair - - ...

per middle ditto ....

Benjamin. (See Gum.)

Berries, Juniper, per Ton - .

Betel Nuts, per Ton -

Biscuits, per Cwt.

Blacking. (See Cases and Casks.)

Black Lead. (See Lead.)

Bones, Shank, per Ton - - .

old, per Ton

Whale Jaw, per Ton Books, per Cwt.

Boots and Shoes, per Hhd. -

per Case or Tierce .... per Box ....

Boracic Acid, per Ton ...

Borax, per Ton

Bottles, empty, loose Glass or Stone Pints and Quarts, per Gross -1 to 5 Gallons, each - - .

5 to 10 Gallons, each ...

Hamper or Crate, each - ...

s. d.

0 1

0 1

0 6

0 9

0 2

0 3

0 4

0 6

0 2

0 8

0 2

0 10

0 2

0 1

0 8

0 6

0 3

0 2

0 1

0 2

0 3

0 2

0 1

0 1

1 0

0 8

0 4

1 0

0 10

0 1

1 0

0 8

0 6

0 2

0 4

0 2

0 1

1 0

1 0

0 3

0 1

0 1

0 2

42S

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

GOODS

RATES.

Boxes, empty, each -

Bran, per Sack ....

Brandy. (See Spirits.)

Brass, per Ton ....

Bricks, common, per Thousand

Bath and Fire, per Thousand large, for Flues and Floors, per Thousand Brimstone, per Ton -

Bristles, per Ton -

Bronze. (See Brass.)

Brooms, Hair, per Bale -

Birch, per Gross -

Bugles, 20 Feet and under, per Package

21 Feet and upwards, per Package Bullion, per Package -

Bulrushes, per Load of 63 Bunches Bundles of Goods not enumerated: —

large, each -

Bundles of Goods not enumerated:— small, each Buoys, each ...

Butter, per Firkin

in larger Casks, per Ton -Grease, per Ton

Cables, Hempen or Coil, per Ton Camel’s Hair, per Cwt.

Camphor, per Cwt. .... Cane Juice. (See Molasses.)

Canella Alba, per Cwt.

Canes, common Rattan, per 1,000

Ground Rattan, or Walking Sticks, per 1,000 Cannons. (See Iron.)

Cantharides, per Cwt.

Canvass, per Doz. Bolt ....

Caoutchouc. (See India Rubber.)

Capers, per Cwt. .... Cardamoms, per Cwt. .... Carraway Seed, per Cwt. ... Carriages or Coaches, 4 Wheels, each 2 Wheels, each

Carrots, per Ton -

Carts, small, each ...

large, each ...

Cart-wheels. (See Wheels.)

Cases of Cotton Goods. (See Bales.)

C ises or Casks of Goods not enumerated:— Butt or Case, 81 Feet and upwards Hhd. or Case, 56 to 80 Feet Puncheon or Case, 21 to 55 Feet Tierce or Case, 20 Feet and under pet Barrel ...

per Box ...

pe- Keg ...

s. d. 0 1

0 1

1 0

0 6

0 9

1 0

1 0

1 0

0 1

0 3

0 4

0 6

0 6

0 8

0 2

0 1 0 1 0 1 1 3

0 8

1 8 0 2 0 I

0 1 0 3 0 9

0 2

0 3

0 1 0 1 0 1 2 6

1 6 0 8 0 6 1 0

0 9 0 6 0 4 0 3 0 2 0 2 0 1

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxxi.

429

GOODS.

RATES.

Cases, empty, 20 Feet and under, each 21 to 55 Feet, each 56 to 80 Feet, each 81 Feet and upwards, each Casks, empty, Pipe, Butt, or Puncheon, each Cassia, per Cwt -

Castor Beans, per Cwt -

Catlings. (See Cases and Casks.)

Cattle: Horses, each

Oxen and Cows, each ...

Ponies, Mules, and Asses, each Calves, each -

Deer, each -

Lambs, Sheep, or Goats, each Pigs, large, each ...

Caviare, per Package ....

Chain, per Ton -

Chairs, Mahogany, per Dozen ...

Cane, Garden, or Camp Stools, per Dozen Cement, per Barrel or Bag ... Chaff Cutters, each ....

Chalk, common, and French, per Ton. (See Ballast.) Charcoal, per Sack ....

per Hhd.

Chassum, per Cwt.

Cheese, per Ton .... Chesnuts, per Bushel ....

Chests of Goods not enumerated. (See Cases.) Cherries. (See Apples.)

Chicoree Root, per Ton

Chilies, per Cwt.

China Root, per Cwt.

Chinaware, per Case ....

per Box ....

Chiranga Root per Cwt.

Chirayita, per Cwt.

Chocolate, per Cwt.

Cinnabar, per Cwt.

Cinders, Coke, and Culm, per Ton Cigars, per Cwt -

Cinnamon. (See Cassia.)

Citron in Salt per Pipe -

per Hhd.

Clinkers. (See Bricks, common.)

Clocks, Wooden. (See Toys.)

Cloves. (See Cassia.)

Coal, per Ton -Cobalt, per Box -

Cobbles, per Ton .... Cochineal, per Cwt .... Cocoa, per Ton Cocoa Nuts, per Hundred ...

Cocque de Perle, per Chest ... Coculus Indicus, per Cwt.

Coffee, per Ton ....

t. d.

0 1

0 2

0 3

0 4

0 1

0 1

0 1

2 0

1 6

0 9

0 2

0 3

0 1

0 1

0 1

1 0

0 6

0 3

0 1

0 4

0 1

0 6

0 1

1 0

0 1

0 10 0 1

0 1

0 6 0 4

0 2 0 1 0 2 0 4

0 3

0 4

0 6 0 3

0 2 0 2 0 6 0 2 I 0 0 3

0 3 0 1

1 6

[Zioca/.]

5Q

430

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

GOODS RATES.

Coin, per Package - - - - s. 0 d. 6

Coir, rough, Press-packed, per Ton >• - - 0 6

Yarn, per Ton - - - 1 0

Rope, under 6 Inches, per Ton - - 1 0

Coloquintida, per Cwt. - - - - 0 2

Colours, Painters, per Cwt. - - - - - 0 1

Columbo Root, per Cwt. - - - - - 0 I

Copper Ore, Nails, and Sheets, per Ton - - - 1 0

Coppers and Stills, per Ton ... - - 1 6

Copperas, per Ton - - 0 6

Coquilla Nuts, per Thousand ... - - 0 4

Cordage. (See Rope.) Cordials. (See Spirits.) Coriander Seed, per Ton ... 1 0

Cork, per Ton - - - 1 0

Cornelians. (See Agates.) Corn. (See Grain.) Cotton Wool, per Ton .... I 1 0

Couhage, per Cwt. - - - - - 0 1

Cowries, per Cwt. - - - 0 1

Cranberries, per Pipe or Puncheon - - 0 6

per Hhd. - - - - 0 3

per Barrel or Anker - 0 2

per Keg or Half Anker . - 0 1

Cream of Tartar, per Ton ... . _ 0 8

Crystal, rough, per Ton ... - - 1 0

Cubebs, per Cwt. .... _ _ 0 1

Cubic Nitre. (See Saltpetre.) Cummin Seed, per Cwt. ... 0 1

Currants, per Ton - Red, White, &c. (See Apples.) Cyder. (See Spirits.) Dates, per Cwt. - - _ _ 1 0

0 1

Deals. (See Wood.) Diamonds, per Package ... 0 6

Divi Divi, per Ton ... 0 10

Dragon’s Blood, per Cwt ... 0 1

Dripstones, each .... _ _ 0 3

Drugs not enumerated, per Cwt. - - 0 2

Earthenware, per Hhd. or large Crate 0 3

Tierce or small Crate 0 2

loose, per Crate, to be estimated Rate. Earth, Fuller’s, per Ton at the same 0 8

Eau de Cologne, per Case ... _ 0 4

per Box ... 0 2

Eggs, per Crate - ... _ 1 0 3

per Tierce or Box ... 0 2

Elephants Teeth, per Cwt. ... 0 2

Emery Stone. (See Stone.) Engines, Steam. (See Iron.) Fire. (See Carriages.) Essences, per Package - 0 6

12° & 13° VICTORIA, C«j9.xxxi.

431

GOODS.

RATES.

Extract of Oak Bark, per Cwt.

Medicinal, per Cwt.

Fans, per Case or Box ... Feathers, Bed, per Cwt. -

Ostrich, &c., per Package Felt, per Ton ....

Figs, per Ton ....

Fire-arms, per Chest ...

per Case ...

Fish: Cod, &c., per Basket ... loose, per Score dried, per Ton

in Cases, &c. (See Cases and Casks.) Fish, Herrings, per Barrel ...

Flax, per Ton

Flour, per Bag or Sack ...

Frankincense, per Cwt.

Furniture in Packages. (See Toys.)

Furs. (See Skins.)

S. d.

0 1

0 2

0 4

0 2

0 4

0 8

1 0

0 4

0 3

0 1

0 1

0 10

0 1 1 6 0 1 0 1

Galangal, per Cwt Galbanum, per Cwt.

Galls, per Cwt ....

Gamboge, per Cwt.

Geneva. (See Spirits.)

Gentian Root, per Cwt Gigs. (See Carriages.)

Ginger, per Ton ...

Ginseng Root, per Cwt.

Glass, per Hhd., Chest, Tierce, or Crate per smaller Package Glue, per Ton ...

Goats Hair. (See Wool.)

Grain and Seed, per Quarter Granilla, per Cwt.

Grapes, per Box or Jar Grass, Foreign, per Cwt.

Sea, per Ton Grates and Stoves:

large, each -

middle, each small, each -

Gravel or Sand. (See Ballast.)

Grease, per Ton -

Grindstones, every 12 Inches in Diameter

Greaves, per Ton -

Grits, per Firkin

Guano, per Ton -

Guinea Grains, per Cwt.

Gum, per Ton ... Guns. (See Iron.)

0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1

0 1

1 0 0 1

0 3 0 1

1 0

0 2 0 2

0 I 0 1

1 0

0 6

0 4 0 2

0 8 0 1

1 0 0 1 0 6 0 1 1 0

Hardware. (See Iron Manufactures.) Hair, per Ton

432

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxxi.

GOODS. RATES.

s. <L

Hamper of Liquids, per Dozen Quarts - 0 i

Hams, loose, per Score - - - -in Packages. (See Bacon.) 0 3

Hartal], per Ton - - - - -Hats. (See Cases and Casks.) * l 0

Hay or Grass, per Ton ... 2 0

Hemp, per Ton - - - -Herrings. (See Fish.) * 1 6

Hides, Calf and Kip Skins, dried or salted, per Ton - 0 10

Hones, per Cwt. - 0 1

Honey, per Cwt. - 0 1

Hoofs, per Ton - 0 8

Hoops, Wooden, per Bundle -Iron. (See Iron.) - 0 I

Hops, per Cwt. - 0 I

Horns, Tips or Plates, per Ton ... - 0 10

Indian Rubber, loose, per Cwt ... _ 0 2

in Packages, per Cwt. - 0 1

Indigo, per Cwt. - 0 1

Ink, China, per Cwt .... . 0 4

Inkle, per Cwt. - 0 2

Ippecacuanha, per Cwt. .... - 0 2

Iron, in Bars, Shot, Pigs, Packages, or loose, per Ton - 0 6

Hoops, per Ton .... Manufactures or Machinery, in Packages of 20 Cwt and not 0 10

exceeding 5 Tons, each per Ton . 1 6

LL Case under 20 Cwt., each 1 6

L Case or Hhd. under 20 Cwt., each . 0 9

M Case or Tierce, ditto ... 0 6

S Case or Barrel, ditto ... 0 3

Box or Keg .... Anchors, Boilers, Castings, Engines, Guns, &c. under 0 2

20 Cwt., each per Ton . 0 8

20 Cwt. and not exceeding 5 Tons, each per Ton ] 6

exceeding 5 Tons, each per Ton Anvils, Vices, &c., as Iron Castings, Saws, large, per 2 0

Bundle about 4 Cwt., each 0 3

Iron Plates, tinned, per Box ... _ 0 1

Isinglass, per Cwt 0 2

Ivory, per Cwt. - 0 2

Jalap, per Cwt . 0 2

Junk or old Rope, per Ton .... 0 6

Jute, pressed packed, per Ton ... Juice or Syrup. (See Molasses.) • 0 8

Kelp, per Ton .... 0 8

Kips, per Ton ... . - 0 10

Lac Dye, per Chest .... 0 2

Lace, Case or Box Lacquered Ware. (See Toys.) - 0 4

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

433

GOODS.

RATES.

Lard in Bladders, per Score in Casks. (See Bacon.)

Laths. (See Wood.)

Lavender Flowers, per Cwt.

Lead, Pig or Sheet, per Ton Black or White, per Ton Shot, per Ton Leather, under 1 Cwt., per Package 1 to 3 Cwt. per Package 3 to 5 Cwt. per Package Leeches, per Package Lemons. (See Oranges.)

Lime, per Ton -

Limes, per Barrel

Lime Juice. (See Spirits.)

Linens. (See Bales and Cases.)

Linseed. (See Grain.)

Cake. (See Oilcake.)

Liquorice, or Succus Liquoritae, per Ton Liquorice Root, Bundles or loose, per Ton Locomotive Engines. (See Iron.)

s. d.

0 3

0 2 0 6 0 8 0 9

0 I 0 2 0 4

0 2

0 3

0 2

1 0 1 6

Maccaroni. (See Vermicelli.)

Manure, per Ton. (See Ballast.)

Mace, per Cwt.

Machinery. (See Iron Manufactures.) Madder, per Hhd.

Root, per Ton Malt, per Quarter Manganese, per Ton Mangles, each Manna, per Cwt.

Marble Baths, each

Mortars, per Ton Slabs, per Cwt.

Rough, in Packages, per Cwt. Block, per Ton of 12 Cubic Feet Marbles, per Barrel Mastic Gum. (See Gum.)

Mats, Petersburgh, per 144 Archangel, per 120 Indian, Chest or Bundle Meal. (See Flour.)

Melons, per Basket Melting Pots, per Hhd.

Mohair Yarn, per Cwt.

Molasses, per Ton

Moss, Rock or Iceland, per Cwt.

Mother-o’-Pearl Shells, per Cwt.

Ware. (See Toys.) Mules. (See Cattle.)

Munjeet. (See Madder Root.)

Musical Instruments, per Case per Box

0 2

0 4

1 0 0 2 0 8 0 6 0 2

2 0

1 0 0 2 0 1 1 4

0 I

0 4

0 4

0 4

0 1 0 6 0 1 0 8 0 1 0 1

2 0 0 4

434

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxxi

GOODS. RATES.

s. d.

Mustard, per Barrel - - 0 2

per Keg, Box, or Package - - 0 1

Myrabolams, per Cwt. - - 0 1

Myrrh, per Cwt. - - - * " 0 1

Nails, One Cwt. and upwards, per Package . . 0 1

Nanari, per Cwt. - - - 0 2

Nankeen, per Chest - - 0 2

Nickel, per Ton ... - - 1 0

Nitrate of Soda, per Ton - - 0 6

Nutmegs, per Cwt. - - 0 2

Nuts, per Bag - - 0 1

Nux Vomica, per Cwt. - 0 1

Oakum, per Ton ... - . 0 9

Oatmeal. (See Flour.)

Ochre, per Ton - - - 0 8

Oil, Castor, per Cwt. - - 0 1

Chemical. (See Essences.)

Fish, Olive, Seed, Palm, and Nut, per Ton of 20 Cwt. - 0 8

Chests, Jars, Canisters, &c., per Cwt. - - 0 1

Oil Cake, per Ton - - - - 0 8

Old Rope. (See Junk.)

Olibanum. (See Gum.)

Olives, per Barrel ... - - 0 I

per Keg ... - - 0 1

per Jar of 2 Quarts - 0 1

Onions, per Bushel - - - 0 1

Opium, per Cwt. .... _ • 0 1

Oranges and Lemons, per Chest - 0 2

per Box - - 0 1

Peel, per Cwt. - 0 1

Orchella Weed, per Cwt. ... . _ 0 1

Orpiment, per Cwt. - - _ 0 1

Orrice Root, per Cwt. ... - 0 1

Orsidew, per Package ... - _ 0 3

Ostrich Feathers, per Package _ _ 0 4

Otto of Roses. (See Essences.)

Ox Bows, per Dozen Bundles _ 0 1

Oxen. (See Cattle.)

Packs or Shakes. (See Casks, empty.)

Paddy. (See Grain.)

Paint, per Cwt. .... _ 0 1

Paper, per Ton .... . . 1 0

Hanging, per Case ... - - 0 3

Parcels, about 12 Inches square, each - . 0 I

Pease, per Tierce ... • _ 0 2

per Barrel, per Bag ... - 0 1

in Bulk. (See Grain.)

Pellitory Root, per Cwt. .... . . 0 1

Pepper, per Ton - - 0 10

Pessara, per Cwt. - - - - 0 1

Pianofortes, each .... - . 2 0

Pickles in Jars or Kegs, each - - 0 1

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

435

GOODS. RATES.

Pictures. (See Case9 of Goods.) Piece Goods. (See Bales.) Pip. (See Cattle.) s. d.

Pill Boxes in Vats, large Vat - - - . 1 6

smaller Packages .... . 0 8

Pimento, per Ton - l 0

Pink Root, per Cwt. - 0 I

Pipe Clay, per Ton - -Pipes, Tobacco. (See Earthenware.) - 0 8

Pitch, per Barrel ... - - 0 2

Burgundy, per Ton ... _ 1 0

Plants and Trees, above 5 Cwt., per Package - 0 4

2 to 5 Cwt., per Package - 0 2

under 2 Cwt., per Package - 0 1

Plaster of Paris, per Barrel - - - - - 0 1

Ploughs, each ... ... Plums. (See Raisins.) Green. (See Apples.) ' 0 6

Pomegranate Peel, per Cwt. - - - -Porcelain. (See Chinaware.) - 0 1

Pork, per Barrel _ 0 2

Potatoes, per 5 Quarters or Ton ... 1 0

Pots, Chimney, per Dozen .... - 0 3

Poultry, Fowls, &c., per Dozen ... _ 0 1

Geese, &c. per Dozen .... Preserves. (See Succades.) Prunes. (See Raisins.) ‘ 0 2

Prussiate of Potash, per Ton .... 0 6

Pozzolana, per Ton . 0 6

Pyrolignate of Lead, per Ton - - - - 0 6

Quassia in Packages, per Cwt .... 0 1

Quicksilver, per Bottle 0 1

Quills, per Vat .... 0 1

per Hhd. or Case - ... 0 6

per Tierce, Bale, or Barrel ... 0 2

Quinine, per Case - - 0 2

Rabbits, per Score 0 1

Rags, per Ton _ 0 8

Raisins in Casks, per Ton .... 0 10

in Boxes under 28lbs. each, per Score _ 0 4

28 to 56 lbs. each, per Score ... _ 0 6

57 to 84 lbs. each, per Score ... _ 0 8

85 to 112 lbs. each, per Score ... . 0 10

Frails or Baskets, per Score ... _ 0 5

in Half or Quarter Drums, per Score Rape Cake. (See Oilcake.) - 0 3

Rhatania Root, per Cwt. .... Extract (See Extract, Medicinal.) - 0 2

Rhubarb, per Cwt. 0 2

Rice, per Ton - Roots, Flower. (See Cases and Casks.) Rope, Old. (See Junk.) " 0 9

436

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxx\.

Rope Wire. (See Wire.)

Rope, new, 6 Inches and under, per Ton above 6 Inches. (See Cables.)

Rosin, per Barrel -

Rum. (See Spirits.)

Rushes, per Load of 63 Bunches ...

Sacks of Goods not enumerated, each -

Sac Saturni, per Cwt. -

Safflower, per Ton

Saffron, per Cwt.

Sago, per Ton -

Sal Ammoniac, per Ton -

Salmon, per Tierce or Chest -

Saltpetre, per Ton ....

Salt, per Ton

Sand, per Ton. (See Ballast.)

Sarsaparilla, per Cwt.

Sassafras, per Cwt.

Scammony, per Cwt.

Scythe Blades, per Dozen -Seahorse Teeth. (See Ivory.)

Seed Lac, per Ton -

Seed, Forest and Rye Grass, per Bag -

per Sack or Quarter Seeds; viz., Clover and other Agricultural, in Packages, per Ton Linseed, Rapeseed, Hempseed, &c. (See Grain.) Senna, per Cwt.

Shellac, per Ton - - - - - .

Shoddy. (See Wool.)

Shot Lead. (See Lead.)

Iron, loose. (See Iron.)

Shrub. (See Spirits.)

Shumac, per Ton Silk, per Cwt.

Waste, per Cwt. -Skins, dried or salted, loose or in Packages, per Cwt.

Slate, per Ton -

Pencils, per Cwt.

Slates in Frames. (See Cases and Casks.)

Smalts, per Ton -

Soap, per Hhd.

per Chest -

per Firkin or Box - .

Soda, per Ton - - - - .

Sofas, each

Spades, Shovels, Scythes, Sickles, &c., per Dozen.

Spelter, per Ton -

Spetches, per Ton

Spirits and Wine, per Pipe or Butt ... per Hhd.

per Barrel or Quarter Cask ... per Keg or Demijohn in Cases, per Dozen Quarts.

Ditto - ditto Pints -

s. d.

1 0

0 0£

0 8

0 10 1 0

0 2 0 6 0 6

0 1 1 0

0 10 0 8 0 2 0 1 0 1 0 0

6 0 1

8

0 10 0 10

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

437

GOODS. RATES.

v s. d.

Sponge, per Cwt. - - 0 2

Spruce Beer, per Dozen Kegs ... - 0 3

Squills, per Ton .... - l 0

Starch, per Ton - l 0

Steel, loose or in Bundles, per Ton ... in Packages. (See Hardware.) Stick Lac. (See Seed Lac.) Stock Fish. (See Fish, Cod.) 0 6

Stone, Blocks, per Ton of 16 Cubic Feet - 0 6

Flag, or Paving, per Ton of 12 Superficial Yards - 0 6

Mill or Grave, per Ton of 16 Cubic Feet - 0 8

Burr, per Score .... - 0 4

Buoy, per Ton - 0 10

Grinding, every 12 Inches Diameter - 0 1

Emery, Lithographic, Turkey, and Pumice, per '1'on - 1 0

Emery in Bulk, per Ton -Jars and Bottles. (See Bottles.) Stoves and Grates. (See Grates.) 0 10

Straw, per Ton .... - 2 0

Succades, under 56 lbs., per Package - - 0 1

57 to 112 lbs., per Package ... - 0 2

above 1 Cwt., ditto .... . 0 2

Sugar, per Ton - - - - - 1 0

in Loaves, per Score .... Sunn. See Jute. - 0 6

Sweepwashers Dirt, per Ton .... - 0 8

Tallow, per Ton -Tamarinds. (See Succades.) Tanners Waste. (See Spetches.) - 1 0

Tapioca, per Cwt. - 0 1

Tar, per Barrel - - - -Tares. (See Grain.) - 0 2

Tarras, per Ton- 0 8

Tea, 20 lbs. and under, per Package or Box - 0 1

21 to 45 lbs., per Packet or Quarter Chest - 0 2

46 to 841bs., per ditto or Half ditto 0 3

85 to 140 lbs., per ditto or Chest 141 lbs. and upwards, per ditto or Chest _ 0 4

- 0 5

Teazles, 30 Feet and under, per Package - 0 2

31 to 50 Feet, per ditto ... _ 0 3

51 to 80 Feet, per ditto - - - - _ 0 6

81 and upwards, per ditto ... - 0 8

Terra Japonica, Sienna, and Verde, per Ton - 0 9

Tiles, per 1,000 Tin, per Ton , 1 0

- 0 8

Ore, per Ton ... - _ 0 10

Tincal, per Ton - ... 1 0

Tobacco, per Hhd. 0 8

per Tierce _ 0 4

Tobacco, per Barrel - ... Pipes. (See Earthenware.) - 0 2

Tongues, loose, per Gross .... in Packages. (See Beef and Pork.) [Local."] 5 S 0 6

438

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

GOODS. RATES.

Tonquin Beans, per Cwt. .... s. 0 d. 2

Tortoise Shell, per Cwt. - - - - 0 2

Tow, per Ton - - - - - -Toys, 20 Feet and under, per Package ... - 0 9

- 0 2

21 to 40 Feet, per ditto ... - 0 3

41 to 80 Feet, per ditto .... - 0 6

81 to 160 Feet, per ditto ... - 1 0

161 Feet and upwards, per ditto ... - 2 0

Trenails. (See Wood.) Trunks. (See Cases.) Turf, per Ton - - - - 0 6

Turmeric, per Ton - 0 10

Turnips, per Ton - 0 6

Turpentine, per Barrel - ... 0 1

Twine, per Cwt. - " 0 1

Valonia, per Ton 0 10

Vanellas. (See Succades.) Varnish, per Cwt. - .... 0 1

Verdigris, per Ton - 1 0

Vermicelli, per Cwt. ... - - 0 1

Vermillion, per Cwt. - - - 0 1

Vinegar. (See Spirits.) Vitriol, per Carboy - 0 6

Waggons, each .... . 2 0

Walnuts, per Bushel . 0 1

Water, Mineral. (See Spirits and Wine in Cases.) W'ax, Sealing, per Cwt. - - 0 1

Weights, Iron. (See Iron Castings.) Weld or Woad, per 60 Bunches ... 0 4

Whale Fins, per Ton - _ 1 0

Wheelbarrows, each .... _ 0 2

Wheels, Iron. (See Iron Castings.) Wood, small, per Pair - - - 0 1

large, per Pair ... _ 0 2

Whisk Brooms, loose, per 1,000 - - 0 9

in Bales. (See Bales.) Whisky. (See Spirits.) Whiting, per Ton ... - 0 6

Wine. (See Spirits.) Winnowing Machines. (See Carls.) Wire, Iron, loose or in Bundles, or Wire Rope, per Cwt. 0 1

in Cask. (See Hardware.) Plated, Gilt, and Copper, in Bundles, per Cwt. 0 1

Wood, Dyers, &c.; viz. Bar, Box, Brazil, Braziletto, Cam, Cocus, Ebony, Fustic, Lignum Vit®, Logwood, Nicaragua, Quassia, Sandal, Sanders, Sapan, Sassafras, per Ton - ... 1 0

Furniture; viz. Cedar, Mahogany, Rose, Satin, &c Ton - , per 1 3

Deals, Battens, Ends, Boards, per Load of 50 Cubic Feet 1 0

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

439

GOODS. RATES.

Wood; Firewood, per Fathom of 26 Feet ... s. 1 d. 0

Gunstocks, per 120 - - - - 0 6

Handspikes, not exceeding 7 Feet long, per 120 - 0 8

exceeding 7 Feet long, per 120 i 0

Knees, under 5 Inches square, per 120 - i 0

5 and under 8 Inches square, per 120 - l 6

Lathwood, per Fathom of 216 Cubic Feet - l 0

Laths, per Fathom of 216 Cubic Feet - l 3

Oars, under 24 Feet long, per 120 - 0 6

24 Feet and under 32 Feet long, per 120 - 0 8

32 Feet and upwards, per 120 - 1 0

Scoops, per 120 - 0 8

Spars, under 4 Inches Diameter, per 120 - 0 8

and under 6 Inches Diameter, per 120 - - 1 0

6 Inches and upwards, as Timber, 40 Feet o a

Ton.

Spokes, not exceeding Two Feet long, per 1,000 - - 1 3

exceeding Two Feet long, per 1,000 - 1 9

Staves, per Load of 50 Cubic Feet - 0 6

Rickers, per 120 ... - - 2 0

Staves, Baltic Pipe, per 120 - 0 9

Hhd., per 120 - - 0 6

Barrel, per 120 - 0 4

Heading, per 120 - 0 3

Thin Pipe, 1 to 1J Inch thick, per 120 - 0 4

Hhd., per 120 .... - 0 3

Barrel and Heading, per 120 - 0 2

Pipe Board, 3 Inch thick, per 120 - 1 0

Billet, Oak, or Ash, above 3^ Inches and exceeding 4 Feet long, per 120 not 0 10

exceeding 1£ to 3^ Inches, per 120 - 0 6

under 1J Inches, per 120 - 0 4

Packs. (See Casks, empty.)

Staves, American, per Quebec Standard of 120 of Feet long by 1 £ Inch thick - - - 0 6

Staves, American, Quebec Pun., St. John’s Ash and Oak Hhd., per 120 - ... 0 6

Staves, in Packs. (See Casks, empty.)

Timber; viz. Fir, Square, per Load of 50 Feet _ 0 9

Round, per Ton of 40 Feet _ 0 9

Ash, Birch, Beech, and Elm, ditto - ditto _ 0 9

Oak, Teak, Wainscot, and other hard Wood, not previously enumerated, per Ton of 40 Feet - - . 1 0

Treenails, under 2 Feet long, per 1,200 1 0

2 Feet and upwards, per 1,200 _ 1 6

Timber and Wood lying in the Dock beyond 14 Days to be charged Two-pence per Load per Week in addition to the

Hates before specified. Wool, Sheep, per Ton -

_ 0 6

Cotton. (See Cotton.)

Shoddy, press-packed, per Ton _ 0 6

not pressed-packed, per Ton - 0 8

Yarn, loose or in Bundles, per Ton . - 0 9

440

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxi.

GOODS. RATES.

Zaffers, per Ton ... s. d. 0 10

Zinc, per Ton - - - - 0 8

Sulphate of, per Ton ft " " 0 10

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTOR I E REGIKE.

Cajo.xxxii.

An Act for defining the Boundaries of the Parishes of Whittlesey Saint Mary and Whittlesey Saint Andrew in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge for Ecclesiastical Purposes, for the Union of the said Parishes for other Purposes, and for better paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise regulating and improving the Town of Whittlesey.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS the Boundaries of the respective Parishes of Whittlesey Saint Mary and Whittlesey Saint Andrew in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge are intermixed and confused: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes if for the general Administration of the Affairs of the said Parishes other than for Ecclesiastical Purposes the same were united into One Parish: And whereas the Parish of Whittlesey Saint Mary is a Vicarage, with the Parish Church thereto belonging, and John Walbanke Childers Esquire has contracted for the Purchase of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of such Vicarage and Parish Church, and the Reverend Simeon Lloyd Pope is the present Vicar thereof: And whereas the Parish of Whittlesey Saint Andrew is a Vicarage, with the Parish Church thereto [Local.] 5 T belonging,

442 12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxxii.

belonging, and is in the Patronage of Your Majesty, and under Twenty Pounds Value in Your Majesty's Books, and the Reverend Edmund Reynolds is the present Vicar thereof: And whereas there is at Coates a consecrated Chapel situated in the Parish of Whittlesey Saint Mary or in the Parish of Whittlesey Saint Andrew, called the Chapel of the Holy Trinity, which was built partly out of Funds placed by Parliament at the Disposal of Your Majesty's Commissioners for building new Churches, and the Reverend Thomas Bedford is the present Minister of such Chapel: And whereas the Churches of the aforesaid Parishes of Saint Mary Whittlesey and Saint Andrew Whittlesey, and also the Chapel of the Holy Trinity at Coates aforesaid, are locally situate in the Diocese of Ely, and are subject to the Jurisdiction of the Bishop of Ely : And whereas it would tend greatly to the spiritual Advantage of the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes of Whittlesey Saint Mary and Whittlesey Saint Andrew if a defined pastoral Superintendence was established with respect to such Parishes, and if the respective Parish Boundaries of such Parishes were for Ecclesiastical Purposes settled, and if such Parishes were respectively made for Ecclesiastical Purposes separate and distinct Parishes, and a District for Ecclesiastical Purposes assigned to the said Chapel of the Holy Trinity at Coates as aforesaid: And whereas in consequence of the Confusion of the Boundaries of the said Two Parishes the Churchwardens, Overseers, and other parochial Officers have for many Years past been appointed by the Inhabitants of the Two Parishes jointly and indiscriminately, and such Officers have acted for and been considered as the parochial Officers of the said Two Parishes jointly and indiscriminately, and have not exercised their respective Functions in the separate Parishes independent of the other Parish : And whereas it is expedient that Powers should be granted for lighting, paving, watching, cleansing draining, regulating and improving the Streets, Highways, public Passages and other Places within the Town of Whittlesey in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge, as hereinafter more particularly defined: And whereas the Objects aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of St. Mary the same, That from and after the passing of this Act each of the said

Whittlesey Parishes of Saint Mary Whittlesey and Saint Andrew Whittlesey drew Whit- s'la'* ^or ever thereafter be a separate and distinct Parish for all tlesey to be Ecclesiastical Purposes, and their present Parish Churches respectively separate and shall be the Churches of each such distinct and separate Parish, and distinct that the Boundaries of the Parish of Saint Mary Whittlesey, including Ecclesiast'T ’*ie district Chapelry to be assigned out of the said Parish of Saint cd Purposes. Mary Whittlesey, as herein-after mentioned, to the Chapel of the Holy Trinity at Coates in Whittlesey, shall be deemed to be comprised within the Limits next herein-after mentioned, that is to say, proceeding from Oakley Dike North-eastwardly along the Middle of Old Bevill's Leam to Angle Bridge, thence Westward along the Middle of the Watercourse called Whittlesey Dike to Beals otherwise Haynes Bridge in the Town of Whittlesey, thence along the Centre of the Town Drain, separating the Premises of Henry Haynes Esquire from

443

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxii.

the Property of the late John Russell, to Paradise Lane, thence along the Centre of Paradise Lane, crossing London Street, along the Middle of Falcon Street, to the Middle of Alms House Street, thence West-wardly to Broad Street, thence Northwardly to the Centre of Whitmore Street, thence Westwardly to the Middle of Windmill Street, thence Northwardly, down the Centre of Baunce Lane, to the Middle of the public Road, thence Eastwardly to the Middle of the Highway or Street called Delph, thence Northwardly, by the Centre of Delph Dike, to the Dog and Doublet Bridge, including all the District East of the said Boundary and South of Smith's Learn; and the Parish of Saint Andrew Whittlesey shall be deemed to be and comprise all such Parts of the said Parishes of Saint Mary Whittlesey and Saint Andrew Whittlesey as are not included within the Limits of the Parish of Saint Mary Whittlesey as above defined.

II. And be it enacted, That the distinct and separate Parish and Endowment Vicarage of Saint Mary Whittlesey as aforesaid shall continue to be °£Sai,nt

a Vicarage, and shall be endowed as at present with the Glebe Lands, Church Rent-charges on Land, Monies, and Dividends on the Government Whittlesey. Securities specified in the First Schedule to this Act annexed, in addition to any other Endowments thereto bolonging, and in addition to the surplus Fees, Dues, Easter Offerings, and all other Fees whatsoever now payable to the Minister thereof, and also in addition to the Rent-charge on the Small Tithes herein-after authorized to be made or confirmed by the Owner of such Tithes, as an Augmentation of the Endowment of such Vicarage.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful (the Statutes Further En-

of Mortmain or any other Law to the contrary notwithstanding) for dowment of the present or any future Owner of the Tithes of Saint Mary Whittlesey Mary_s

as aforesaid, being seised of an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in ltt esey'

such Tithes, or being otherwise enabled to make such Grant, to create,

by Writing under his Hand and Seal, a perpetual Rent-charge on such Tithes in favour of the Vicarage of Saint Mary Whittlesey as aforesaid, or in like Manner to confirm or increase any voluntary or customary Payment herein-before made out of such Tithes in favour of such Vicarage, to the Extent altogether of Seventy Pounds per Annum; and such Rent-charge shall be binding on the Owner of such Tithes, his Heirs and Assigns; and the Vicar for the Time being of such Vicarage shall have the same Remedies for recovering such Rent-charge, or such Part thereof as shall be in arrear, as any other Vicar has by Law for the Recovery of a Rent-charge in arrear; and the Instrument by which such Rent-charge shall have been so created, increased, or confirmed shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese of Ely, and an examined Copy thereof, to be furnished by the Registrar thereof, shall be admitted in all Courts, civil, ecclesiastical, and criminal, as Evidence of such Rent-charge having been so created, increased, or confirmed.

IV. And be it enacted, That the distinct and separate Parish of Endowment Saint Andrew Whittlesey as aforesaid shall continue to be a Vicarage, of Saint and shall be endowed as at present with the annual Rent-charge in Andrew lieu of Tithes fixed and apportioned under the Act for the Commu- 1U e,ey‘

tation

444 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxii.

tation of Tithes in England and Wales on the Lands set forth or described in an Award under such Act bearing Date on or about the Sixth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and such distinct and separate Parish shall also be endowed as at present with the Glebe Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments specified or mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, in addition to any other Endowments belonging to such Vicarage, and in addition to the Surplice Fees, Dues, Easter Offerings, and all other Fees whatsoever now payable to the Vicar of Saint Andrew Whittlesey.

Present V. And be it enacted, That the present Vicar of the Church of

Vicars to be Saint Mary Whittlesey and the present Vicar of Saint Andrew Vicar^oAhe Whittlesey shall continue to be respectively Vicars of the distinct and respective separate Parishes of Saint Mary Whittlesey and Saint Andrew Whit-distinct and tlesey, without any fresh Presentation, Induction, Institution, or other separate Form of Law being had, observed, or required, and they and their Parishes. respective Successors shall be Vicars, and Bodies Politic and Corporate, and capable of taking and holding such Messuages, Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments as now belong respectively to them, or any Augmentation or other Endowment granted or to be granted to them, as any other Vicar is by Law entitled to do; and such respective Vicars shall be entitled to take, receive, and recover such and the like Fees, Dues, and Easter Offerings as were payable and recoverable to and by the present respective Ministers of Saint Mary Whittlesey and Saint Andrew Whittlesey before the passing of this Act, and shall have the like Remedies for recovering the Tithes, Rent-charges, or other Endowments respectively belonging to them, as by Law appertain to the Recovery of the same by other Incumbents; and such respective Vicars shall be subject as now to the Jurisdiction of the said Bishop of Ely for the Time being, and they and the respective Patrons of such distinct and separate Parishes shall be subject to the like Laws as are now and shall for the Time being be in force in respect to Ecclesiastical Benefices, and to the Presentation, Institution, and Induction thereto, and shall have all such Rights as they now have, save and except as is herein excepted.

Appointment of Churchwardens.

VI. And be it enacted, That Two fit Persons shall be annually appointed respectively Churchwardens for each of the Churches of Saint Mary Whittlesey and Saint Andrew Whittlesey, such Persons residing within such respective distinct and separate Parishes; and the Appointment of Two such Persons respectively shall in each Case take place at the next annual Period of appointing Parish Officers, at a Meeting of Vestry to be summoned and conducted in the usual Manner prescribed by Law, and every subsequent Appointment of such Persons shall in like Manner take place at the usual Period of appointing Parish Officers; and in each such Case One of such Persons shall be chosen by the Vicar for the Time being of each such distinct and separate Parish, or the Minister serving the same in the Absence of such Vicar, and the other by the Parishioners, to be the Churchwardens of each such distinct and separate Parish; and the Two Persons, when so appointed and elected Churchwardens, in each Case shall appear and be admitted according to Law, and shall

do,

445

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxii.

do, perform, and execute all lawful Acts, Matters, and Things incident to the Office of Churchwarden; and the Persons so to be appointed and chosen Churchwardens shall continue in their said Office until others shall be appointed and chosen in their Stead; and after the first Appointment and Election of the respective Churchwardens under the Provisions of this Act the former Right or Custom of choosing Churchwardens for the Two united Parishes of Whittlesey Saint Mary and Whittlesey Saint Andrew shall cease and determine:

Provided always, that no Churchwarden appointed or chosen by virtue of this Act shall be by virtue of his Office an Overseer of the Poor.

VII. And be it enacted, That each of the Churches of the separate Repairs of Parishes of Saint Mary Whittlesey and Saint Andrew Whittlesey shall Churches of be maintained at the Costs and Charges of the Parishioners of such ®nd separate respective Parishes, and all Sums of Money requisite for that Purpose, parjshes. and for defraying the Expenses attending the Performance of Divine Service therein, shall be provided by Rates to be made, raised, and levied within such respective Parishes, and shall be applied to the Repair and Maintenance of such Churches respectively, and the Payment of the Expenses attending the Performance of Divine Service therein; and such Parishioners respectively shall meet in Vestry for such Purposes in all respects as Parishioners generally are by Law entitled to do; and each such Vestry shall, so far as relates to the Ecclesiastical Concerns of the said respective Parishes, have the usual Powers of a Parish Vestry.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Present Act contained shall alter or affect the Patronage or Right of Presen- Nights of tation at present existing to the respective Churches of Saint Mary Whittlesey and Saint Andrew Whittlesey, but such Patronage or churches of Right of Presentation shall belong to, and, when Occasion shall thesedistinct require, may be exercised, as to the separate and distinct Parish of and separate Saint Mary Whittlesey, by the said John Walhanke Childers Esquire, ^'^altered his Heirs and Assigns, or other the Person being the Patron of the or affected Church of Saint Mary Whittlesey, and as to the said distinct and by this Act. separate Parish and Vicarage of Saint Andrew Whittlesey, by Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in right of the Crown.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's churchCom-Commissioners for building new Churches to assign out of the distinct missioned and separate Parish of Saint Mary Whittlesey as aforesaid a District ra^. assl&n Chapelry to the Chapel of the Holy Trinity at Coates aforesaid, under chapelry to the Provisions of the Church Building Acts, or some or One of them; the Chapel and such District Chapelry, and the said Chapel, and the Minister at Coates, thereof, shall be subject to the same Rules, Regulations, and Provisions as are enacted under the Provisions of the Church Building

Acts respecting District Chapelries, and the Churches and Ministers thereof, except so far as the same are altered by or are inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of repairing and keep- Provision for ing in repair the Fabric of the said Chapel at Coates, and of providing £Ie!,air oi

[Local.] 5 U for Coafw.8*

440 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Crt^.xxxii.

for the Expenses attending the Performance of Divine Service in such Chapel, the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said distinct and separate Parish of Saint Mary Whittlesey shall be empowered and they are hereby required annually to make, raise, and levy, by means of a Church Rate within the said distinct and separate Parish of Saint Mary Whittlesey, including also the District Chapelry assigned or to be assigned to the said Chapel at Coates, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds as a Provision for the Repairs of and Expenses attending the Performance of Divine Service at the said Chapel at Coates, and to pay over in each and every Year such Sum to the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said Chapel of Coates, to be applied by the said last-mentioned Churchwardens to the necessary Repairs and Payment of such Expenses, who shall account for the same, and pay over any Surplus that may remain to the next succeeding Churchwardens of such District Chapelry, to be by them in like Manner applied and accounted for from Time to Time.

Right of Pa-

XI. And be it enacted, That the Patronage and Right of Presen-tronage as to tation or Nomination to the said Chapel of the Holy Trinity at Coates, !u Coates6* before and after the Assignment of a District Chapelry thereto,

‘ °a as herein-before mentioned, shall hereafter belong to, and, when Occasion shall require, may be exercised alternately by Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and by John Walbanke Childers Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, or other the Person being the Patron of the Church of Saint Mary Whittlesey, and the first Turn or Right of Presentation which shall occur after the passing of this Act shall belong to the said John Walbanke Childers or other Person as aforesaid : Provided that nothing herein contained shall affect or be construed to affect the present Tenure of the Reverend Thomas Bedford as Incumbent or Minister of the said Chapel.

Endowment

XII. And be it enacted, That the Endowment of the said Chapel of Chapel at at Coates, consisting of the Lands, Houses, Rent-charges, and Divi-oates' dends specified in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed, and all Fees assigned by any Order in Council forming the District Chapelry to the Minister of such Chapel, shall be held and received ami enjoyed by the Incumbent of such Chapel for the Time being for his own Use and Benefit, together with any other Augmentation or Endowment which has been or may be granted to such Incumbent.

Union of

XIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Parishes. Act the said Parishes of Whittlesey Saint Mary and Whittlesey Saint Andrew shall, for all Purposes other than the Ecclesiastical Purposes herein-before set forth and provided, become and be united into One Parish by the Name of the United Parishes of Saint Mary and Saint Andrew Whittlesey in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge, and that all Law's which at the Time of the passing of this Act shall extend or be applicable to Parishes in England in general shall extend and be applicable to the Parish hereby constituted, to the Intent that the said Parishes of Whittlesey Saint Mary and Whittlesey Saint Andrew may for all Purposes whatsoever, except as hereinbefore or herein-after otherwise provided, be united into One Parish by the Name above mentioned.

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. x\xii.

XIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Vestry Room of the Church of Saint Mary Whittlesey shall be the Vestry Room of the said Parish called " The United Parishes of Saint Mary and Saint Andrew Whittlesey in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge," for all Purposes other than Ecclesiastical Purposes, as herein-before otherwise provided; and that all Notices of Vestry Meetings for such Purposes other than Ecclesiastical Purposes as aforesaid, and all other Notices relating to the parochial Concerns of the said Parish, shall be published in the Churches of Saint Mary Whittlesey and Saint Andrew Whittlesey respectively in the usual Manner prescribed by Law; and that at all Vestry Meetings of the united Parish established by this Act the Vicar of the Church of Saint Mary Whittlesey shall be entitled to act as Chairman, and if he shall not be present or shall decline to act then the Vicar of the Church of Saint Andrew Whittlesey shall be entitled to act as Chairman.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers, and all other Persons who before the passing of this Act shall have been appointed or who at the Time of' the passing of this Act shall be holding any Office or Employment in either of the aforesaid Parishes of Whittlesey Saint Mary or Whittlesey Saint Andrew, shall and may hold, enjoy, and execute their respective Offices and Employments in the said Parish called " The United Parishes of Saint Mary and Saint Andrew Whittlesey in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge," until the Time for which such Officers or Persons may have been appointed respectively shall have expired, or until they shall have been removed therefrom by due Course of Law j and the said Overseers and other Persons, except the said Churchwardens, shall be removable in like Manner as they or any or either of them might have been removed by Law if appointed to their respective Offices or Employments after the passing of this Act; and the Churchwardens existing at the Time of the passing of this Act shall have the same Powers, Privileges, and Advantages in the said Parish established by this Act, and shall be subject to the same Liabilities, as if this Act had not been passed; and the said Overseers and other Officers and Persons, except the said Churchwardens, shall have the same Powers, Privileges, and Advantages in the said Parish established by this Act as if they had been respectively appointed after the passing of this Act.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Persons who at the Time of the passing of this Act shall be acting in the Offices of Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Surveyors of the Highways, or any other parochial Office, and whether acting for the said Parishes of Whittlesey Saint Mary and Whittlesey Saint Andrew separately, or for such Parishes as an united Parish, notwithstanding any Invalidity in the Appointment of such Persons to their respective Offices, and also for the Persons who shall be appointed to any of the aforesaid Offices after the passing of this Act, to collect and levy all Rates or Assessments which shall have been made before the passing of this Act for the Relief of the Poor, or any other parochial Purpose within the said Parishes respectively or either of them, whether such Rates shall have been made for the said Parishes separately or for the said Parishes as an united Parish; and that for the Purpose of obviating

any

447

As to Vestry and Meetings.

Officers appointed before passing of this Act continued.

Existing Rates to be collected.

44B

Acts of Persons acting for United Parishes to be valid.

8 & 9 Vict, c. 18. incorporated with this Act.

Commissioners not to take Land, except by Agreement.

10 & 11 Vict. cc. 15,16. 34. and 89.incorporated with this Act.

[Short Title.]

Appointment and Qualification of Commissioners.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxii.

any Difficulty which might arise in the Collection of such last-mentioned Rates or Assessments, on account of the Confusion of the Boundaries of the said Parishes, the said Parishes respectively shall for the Purpose of such Collection be deemed to be comprised within the Limits herein-before laid down for the Definition thereof for the Ecclesiastical Purposes herein-before mentioned.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all Acts, Deeds, Transactions, Matters, and Things made, done, or executed before the passing of this Act, by any Person or Persons acting nominally for the United Parishes of Whittlesey Saint Mary and Whittlesey Saint Andrew in the Offices of Surveyors of the Highways or Overseers of the Poor, or any other parochial Office respectively, shall be as valid and effectual in Law as if the said Parishes had been legally united into One Parish at the Time of such Act, Deed, Transaction, Matter, or Thing.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the "Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act, except as herein-after mentioned.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in the said " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1S45," shall authorize the Commissioners appointed under this Act to purchase or take any Lands, unless with the Consent of and by Agreement with the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers thereof.

XX. And be it enacted, That "The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," excepting so much thereof as relates to the Election and Rotation of Commissioners; "The Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847," excepting so much thereof as relates to Plans of the District within the Limits of the special Act, to naming the Streets and numbering the Houses, to the Prevention of Smoke, to the Construction of Houses for Prevention of Fire, to supplying Buildings with fresh Air, to Lodging Houses and to Slaughter-houses; "The Towns Police Clauses Act, 1847," excepting so much thereof as relates to public Bathing; and " The Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847," except so much thereof as relates to the Supply of Gas, and to the Amount of Profit to be received by the Undertakers, shall (save as they are expressly varied, excepted, or altered by this Act) be incorporated with and form Part of this Act.

XXI. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression "The Whittlesey Improvement Act, 1849."

XXII. And be it enacted, That every Male Person of full Age who shall be rated to the Rate made for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish established by this Act in respect of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate within the Limits of the Town of Whittlesey as defined by this Act, in the net annual Value of Fifteen Pounds or upwards, or who shall be seised or possessed, or in the Enjoyment of the Rents and Profits, of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within such

449

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxii.

such Limits of the net annual Value of Thirty Pounds, for an Estate not less than a Life in being for his own Use, shall during the Time that he shall be so rated or seised or possessed, or in such Enjoyment as aforesaid, be a Commissioner under this Act: Provided always, that in estimating the Property in respect of which any Person is rated to the said Rate for the Relief of the Poor, for the Purpose of determining whether or not such Person is qualified to be a Commissioner under this Act, no House or Building which shall be rated to the said Rate for the Relief of the Poor at a less annual Value than Fifteen Pounds shall be taken into consideration.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person, having qualified under this Act to act as Commissioner, shall fail to act as such in the Execution of this Act for Two Years, such Commissioner shall at the Expiration of such Two Years cease to be a Commissioner for a Period of Two Years from the Time of his having so failed to act, after the Expiration of which Period, upon his again making the Declaration required by this Act, he shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner until he shall disqualify himself by such Failure to act as aforesaid, or become otherwise disqualified under the Provisions of this Act.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners herein-before named, and their Successors, shall be the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and for making and maintaining all Works and Conveniences which they may deem necessary for such Purposes, subject to the Provisions contained in this Act, and in the Acts and Clauses of Acts incorporated herewith, and shall be called " The Whittlesey Improvement Commissioners."

XXV. And be it enacted, That this Act, with respect to lighting, paving, watching, cleansing, draining, regulating, and improving, shall be put in force within and shall comprise the following Limits; (that is to say,) proceeding from the North Side of Long Gravel along the Road in a Northwardly Direction to Priors Piece, thence Westward along the Road to Church Field, thence North-westwardly in a direct Line to the West Corner of the House of Ann Hollis now erecting in Stonald Field, thence Northwardly in a direct Line to and including the Premises of George Benson in the same Field, thence Northeastwardly in a direct Line to and including the Premises now in the Occupation of William Medlock in Delph, then Eastward to and including the Premises called the Whitehouse in Delph aforesaid, thence in a South-eastwardly Direction to the House now in the Occupation of John Goodley in Bassenhally Field, thence in a direct Line Southward and Eastward, crossing the March Road, to the Railway Hotel in Lattersey Field, thence South-westwardly to Ashling’s Bridge, thence along Whittlesey Dyke to the Workshop of James Read Boatwright, thence Westward along the North Side of the Gores and the South Side of Orchards in Briggate to the West Corner of Mr. Jeremiah Ast-ling’s Orchard, and thence North-westwardly to Long Gravel.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall and may,

subject to the Provisions of this Act, and of the Acts and Clauses of Acts incorporated herewith, cause to be lighted, paved, watched, legume/.] 5 X lated,

As to Commissioner neglecting to act.

Act to be carried out by Commissioners.

Limits of Act for Improvement Purposes.

Commissioners to light, pave, &c. Streets.

450

General Meeting of Commissioners.

Not compelled to hold monthly Meetings.

Commissioners to provide Places for Deposit of Stone, &c.

As to Conveyances made to Commissioners.

Commissioners to sell superfluous Lands.

Monies to be applied to pay off Mortgages on Improvement Hate.

Width of Streets.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxii.

iated, and improved the Streets, Highways, public Passages and other Places within the Limits of the Town of Whittlesey aforesaid, and for that Purpose may exercise all the Powers vested in them by this Act, and the Acts and Clauses of Acts incorporated herewith.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners for executing this Act shall hold their First General Meeting at some convenient Place within the Limits of the Town of Whittlesey, as defined by this Act, on the Third Tuesday after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and proceed to put this Act into execution.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act, or the said "Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," shall extend to compel the Commissioners to hold monthly Meetings for the Transaction of general Business.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to provide Lands and Buildings fit and convenient for the depositing of Stone and other Materials for the Highways, and for such Purposes, and for any other Purposes of this Act, to purchase or hire any Lands, Messuages, or Buildings which shall by the Commissioners be considered necessary, of and from any Person who shall be willing to let or sell the same, or to cause any new Erection or Building to be made upon any Land or Ground which shall be purchased or hired under the Provisions of this Act, or of the Acts or Clauses of Acts incorporated with this Act: Provided always, that the Lands and Buildings so to be purchased shall be situate within the Boundaries of the Parish hereby established, and shall not exceed in Quantity in the whole the Amount of Three Acres.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all Conveyances and Leases of Lands to be purchased or hired by the said Commissioners may be made to Two or more of the said Commissioners, as Trustees for the said Commissioners.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall sell and dispose of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments vested in them by virtue of this Act, and the several Acts and Clauses of Acts incorporated with this Act, which shall not be required for the Purposes ol this Act, within Five Years after the same shall not be required, in the same Manner as superfluous Lands are required to be sold under the said "Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845."

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all Monies which shall come to the Hands of the Commissioners in consequence of the Sale of any Lands under the Provisions of this and the said " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," shall be applied and disposed of in paying off any Principal Monies at the Time due and owing on the Credit of the Rate herein-after defined as the Improvement Rate hereby authorized to be made.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That every new Street, not being a Carriage Road, shall be at least Ten Feet wide in the narrowest Part thereof.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxii. 451

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That all Vaults, Cellars, Sewers, or Vaults and Drains hereafter to be made under any Street or Way within the said ^™n.*itobe Limits of the said Town of Whittlesey shall be kept in substantial rei,a;r-Repair, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners; and in case any such

Vault, Arch, Cellar, Sewer, or Drain shall at any Time not be in such substantial Repair, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to put the same into substantial Repair, and to recover the Expenses incurred thereby from the Owner thereof; and such Owner shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Day such Vault,

Arch, Sewer, Cellar, or Drain shall continue out of substantial Repair after Notice in Writing shall have been given to him by the Commissioners to repair the same, and a reasonable Time for completing such Repair shall have elapsed after the Service of such Notice.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- Commis-missioners, if they shall think fit, at any Time after the passing of this sinners may Act, to contract with the Owner or Owners for the Time being of P"er^has* or the Gasworks situate in Delph in Whittlesey aforesaid for the Pur- W0|Lks/‘'5 chase of such Gasworks, and to provide such other Gasworks as they shall think necessary, either by the Purchase of any existing Gasworks for the Time being, or by erecting any Gasworks upon any Land which may be purchased or hired by the said Commissioners under the Powers of this Act.

XXXVI. And in order to raise Money for the Purpose of defraying Commis-the Expenses of applying for and obtaining this Act, be it enacted, sioners may That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make One equal 'Il,ney Rate or Assessment upon the Occupiers or Holders of rateable Pro- 0°rA*penses perty within the Limits of the Parish established by this Act, including

Lands used as Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Ground, or as Woodlands, or Market Gardens or Nursery Grounds, according to the annual rateable Value of the same, to be called the " Whittlesey Improvement Act Expenses Rate," and the Money received by the said Commissioners by virtue of such Rate or Assessment shall be applied by them in defraying the Expenses of obtaining this Act: Provided always, that the said Occupiers shall be entitled to deduct One Half Part of the Monies paid by them in respect of such Rate out of the next or any subsequent Payment to their respective Landlords of the Rent payable by them as such Occupiers.

XXXVII. And in order to raise Money for the Purposes of carrying Commis-the Provisions of this Act and of the Acts and Clauses of Acts incor- sioners to porated with this Act into execution, be it enacted, That it shall be Iuake IiatfcS-lawful for the Commissioners, once in every Year, or oftener if they shall think it necessary so to do, to make One or more equal Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon the Occupiers or Holders of rateable Property within the Limits of the Town of Whittlesey as defined by this Act, according to the annual rateable Value of the same, to be called " The Whittlesey Improvement Rate," so as such Rates or Assessments do not exceed in any Year the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound on such annual rateable Value:

Provided always, that it shall not be necessary for the Commissioners to make any Sewer Rate distinct from the said Improvement Rate.

452

Arable Land, &c. to be rated at One Fifth of annual Value.

Power to increase Hates beyond a certain Amount.

Power to Justices to remit Rates.

Owners to he rated in certain Cases.

Power to borrow on Mortgage.

Appointment of a Keceivpr.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxii.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person occupying Lands used as Arable and Meadow or Pasture Ground only, or as Woodlands, or Market Gardens or Nursery Grounds, shall be rated in respect of the same in the Proportion of One Fifth Part only of the net annual Value thereof.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear that the said Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound is not sufficient for the Purposes for which the Improvement Rate is authorized to be levied, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, with the Consent of the Majority of the Rate-payers assembled at the annual Meeting, to increase the said Rate for the current Year so as the same do not in any One Year exceed the Sum of Five Shillings in the Pound on such rateable Value as aforesaid: Provided always, that Notice of the Intention of the Commissioners to make any such Increase shall be given by them One Month previous to such annual Meeting, by Placards posted in some public Places, ot on or near to the Doors of all Places of Public Worship, within the Limits of the Town of Whittlesey as defined by this Act.

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices in Petty Sessions assembled, with the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners, to reduce, remit, or give Time for the Payment of any Rate, on account of the Poverty or Sickness of any Person liable to the Payment of the Rate.

XLI. And be it enacted, That the Owners of all rateable Property within the said Limits of the Town of Whittlesey the yearly Rent or Value whereof respectively shall not exceed Five Pounds, or which shall be let to weekly or monthly Tenants, or in separate Apartments shall be rated to and pay the Rates by this Act directed to be made, instead of the Occupiers thereof.

XLII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to borrow at Interest on the Credit of the said Whittlesey Improvement Rate herein-before authorized to be made and levied, of and from any Person who shall be willing to advance the same, any Sum or Sums of Money which, together with any Sum previously borrowed on the Credit of the same Rate, shall not exceed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and in the event of all or any Part of such Money being repaid by the Commissioners to reborrow the same, and so toties quo ties, but so nevertheless that there shall not be owing on the Security of the said Rate any more than the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds in the whole at any One Time; and for securing the Repayment of the Monies so to be borrowed, with Interest at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, the Commissioners may mortgage and assign over the said Improvement Rate or any Part thereof to the Person who shall advance or lend such Money, or his Trustee, as a Security for the Payment of the Money so to be borrowed, together with Interest for the same.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the Commissioners to enforce the Payment ot

the

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxii. 453

the Arrears of Principal and Interest due on any such Mortgage by the Appointment of a Receiver; and in order to authorize the Appointment of such Receiver in the event of the Principal Monies and Interest due on such Mortgage or Mortgages not being duly paid, the Amount owing to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees by whom the Application for a Receiver shall be made shall not be less than One thousand Pounds in the whole.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That all Monies to arise from the Rates Application to be raised and levied under the Name " The Whittlesey Improve- of Monies, ment Rate," and all Money to be raised on the Credit of the same,

and all other Money which may come into the Hands of the Commissioners in carrying the Provisions of this Act into execution, excepting the Monies to be raised by means of the said Whittlesey Improvement Act Expenses Rate, shall be applied in carrying the several Provisions of this Act into execution, as the Commissioners shall order and determine.

XLV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in any Act As to Service

incorporated herewith, shall make Service of any Writ or Proceeding of "nls-

at Law or in Equity a good Service by the same being transmitted through the Post Office.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Saving contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any Manner to Rights of alter or affect the Tenure or Trusts of any Estates belonging to the Clmrcl'Pr0‘ Churches of Saint Mary Whittlesey or Saint Andrew Whittlesey, or ,>erl-' either of such Churches, or to the Chapel of the Holy Trinity at Coates in Whittlesey aforesaid, except so far as such Tenures or Trusts are altered or affected by this Act.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That all Orders, Rules, and Regu- Confirming lations heretofore issued by the Poor Law Commissioners to the °rtlers of Churchwardens and Overseers of the United Parishes of Saint Mary g""dLa'v and Saint Andrew Whittlesey, or to the Board of Guardians of such United Parishes, shall, if otherwise lawful, be and be deemed to have been valid for all Purposes, although the said Parishes were not in Law united, whether such Parishes shall have been described in such Orders, Rules, or Regulations as a Union, or as a Parish, or as United Parishes.

XLVIII. Saving always to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, Saving as to Her Heirs and Successors, and all other Persons, Bodies Politic and Patronage of Corporate, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators Sl- MarJ% respectively, save and except the Right Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop of Ely and his Successors, the said John Walbanke Childers, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Simeon Lloyd Pope and his Successors, Vicars of Saint Mary Whittlesey aforesaid, all such Estate,

Right, Title, Claim, and Demand of, in, to, or out of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of the Vicarage of Saint Mary Whittlesey, and all and singular the Tithes, Tithe Rents, Glebe Lands, Endowments, Rent-charges, and Emoluments of the said Vicarage, as they or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might [Local.'] 5 Y have

454 12° & 13° VICTORIA, CV/;;.xxxii.

have held or enjoyed in case this Act had not been passed : Provided always, that the Saving hereby made shall not extend so as in any way to interfere with or disturb the Settlement of the Boundaries of the said Parishes of Saint Mary Whittlesey and Saint Andrew Whittlesey respectively as defined and established for Ecclesiastical Purposes by this Act.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to, or be deemed, construed, or taken as in anywise extending to extinguish, prejudice, or affect any Rights, Privilege, or Franchise now belonging to any Lord of a Manor in respect of any Market or Fair usually' holden within the Limits of the Town of Whittlesey as defined by this Act, but that all such Rights, Privileges, and Franchises respectively shall remain, continue, and be used, exercised, and enjoyed in the same Manner in all respects as if this Act had not been made.

Undertaking L. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be not to be deemed or construed to exempt the said Commissioners or District uTm Vic" fr°nl ^le Provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, or of any general c. ns. " Act relating thereto or to the Subject Matter thereof which may pass during this present or any future Session of Parliament.

[Public Act.]

LI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

Saving Rights of Lords of Manors, &c.

The

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxii.

455

The SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

The FIRST SCHEDULE.

An Account of the Monies, Glebe Lands, and other Endowments belonging to the Church of Saint Mary Whittlesey; viz.,

An annual Stipend payable by the Owner of the Small Tithes (now J. W. Childers, Esquire), which has been voluntarily increased for the last Forty Years by the Sum of Fifty Pounds, making in the whole Seventy Pounds.

A Parcel of Land in Lattersey Field in Whittlesey aforesaid, containing 27a. 2r. 24p., Part of 28a. 3r. 5p. (more or less), bounded on the North by the Twenty-fifth private Road, on the South by the Benwick Road, on the West by Allotments to John Burnham, John Bellars, and Henry John Bellars respectively, and on the East by Allotments to Thomas Ground and Elizabeth Vokes respectively, now in the Occupation of Charles Boultbee and others, at yearly Rents amounting together to the Sum of Eighty-two Pounds.

N.B.—1a. Ou. 21p., the Remainder of this Land, was sold to the Eastern Counties Railway Company for the Sum of 252/. 10s., which has been invested in Consols.

Eight Acres Two Roods and Twenty-one Perches (more or less) of Land situate in Bassenhally Moor in Whittlesey aforesaid, bounded on the North by Green Drove, on the East by Lands of Henry Clarke, on the South by the Counter Drain, and on the West by Land of John Boyce, in the Occupation of William Dial, at the annual Rent of Twelve Pounds.

Ten Acres and Eight Perches (more or less) of Land, situated at Black Bush in Whittlesey aforesaid, bounded on the North by Lands late belonging to Elizabeth Ground, Widow, on the East by the Mill Drain, on the South by Lands belonging to the Trustees of Farcet School, and on the West by the Long Drove, now in the Occupation of Mr. James Read junior, at the annual Rent of Sixteen Pounds.

Four Acres (more or less) of Land in the Parish of Paston in the County of Northampton, bounded on the North by Carr Dike, on the East by Land now or late of George Holman, and on the South and West by Land of Mr. John Parker, now in the Occupation of Mr. Joseph Preston, at the annual Rent of Eight Pounds.

A yearly Rent-charge of Thirty Shillings for preaching a Sermon on Good Friday, charged on a Piece of Land at Coates by the Will of Mary H utchinson deceased.

An

456 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxii.

An annual Sum of Twenty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Tour-pence, being the Dividends arising from Eight hundred and fifty Pounds granted by Queen Anne’s Bounty, and Two hundred and nine Pounds from the Parliamentary Grant Fund, which were invested in the Three per Cent. Consols.

The annual Sum of Eight Pounds Six Shillings and Two pence, being the Dividends arising from the Purchase Money of the Land sold to the Eastern Counties Railway Company, which was invested in the Three per Cent. Consols.

The SECOND SCHEDULE.

An Account of the Glebe Land, Tenements, Monies, and other Endowments belonging and appertaining to the Parish Church of Saint Andrew Whittlesey.

The annual Sum of Four hundred and fifty-one Pounds, awarded pursuant to and subject to the Provisions of the Act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, by way of Rent-charge, to the Vicar of Whittlesey Saint Andrew, and which said Rent-charge is by the Award of John Maurice Herbert, Esquire, One of the Assistant Tithe Commissioners, fixed and apportioned upon the Lands comprised within the following Boundary; (that is to say,)

A Line commencing at the Point where Smith’s Learn enters the Parishes of Whittlesey on the West, and proceeding thence in a North-eastern Direction along the Middle of Smith’s Leam to the Dog and Doublet Bridge, thence Southward along the Middle of the public Highway leading from the Dog and Doublet to the Town of Whittlesey, thence along the Middle of the Highway or Street called Delph to the Street called Gracious Street, thence Westward along the Middle of Gracious Street to the Lane called Baunce Lane, thence Southward along Baunce Lane aforesaid to the Street called Whitmore Street, thence Westward along the Middle of Whitmore Street aforesaid to the Street called Church Street, thence Southward along the Middle of Church Street aforesaid to Briggate Bridge, thence Eastward along the Middle of the Watercourse called Whittlesey Dike to Angle Bridge, thence South-westward along the Middle of Old Bevill’s Leam to Oakley Dike, thence North-westward along the outer Boundary of the District comprising the Two Parishes ol Whittlesey Saint Mary and Whittlesey Saint Andrew to the said Point where Smith’s Leam enters the said District on the West.

The Glebe consists of a Parcel of Land in Church Field in Whittlesey aforesaid, containing 6a. Ok. Gp. (more or less), bounded on the North by Allotments to Charles Bonltbee, Matthew Dial, William Gibbs, and John Lamb respectively, on the East by the Town Road, on the South by the Thirteenth private Road, and an old Inclosure of Thomas Blunt, and on the West by an Allotment to Ann Lamb,

o in

4

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxii.

in the Occupation of Mrs. Mary lluff, at the annual Rent of Eighteen Pounds.

N.B.—3a. 3k. "21 p., Part of this, is Tithe-free, and 2a. Or. 25p., the Remainder, is titheable, the apportioned Rent-charge being for the Vicar Four Shillings and Four-pence, and for the Impropriator Ten Shillings and Nine-pence, numbered on the Plan 3279 and 3279 a.

A Piece of Tithe-free Land in a Place called Bradley Fen in the Parish of Whittlesey, containing by Admeasurement 9a. lit. 33p., bounded on the North by Premises of Robert Cambers, on the East by Stonald Field, on the South by the Sixth private Road, and on the West by Land of John Lawrence Wright, Esquire, now in the Occupation of John Rowell, at the annual Rent of Eighteen Pounds.

Eight Acres Three Roods and Twenty-four Perches, Part of a Piece of Land containing by Admeasurement 9a. 3r. 12p., situate and being in a Place called Oldeameer in the Parish of Saint Mary Whittlesey, bounded towards the North and West by Droveways, towards the South by Land of Richard Smith, and on the East by Land late of Alice Pidcock, since of John Peed, and now of William Kisby, as the same is now in the Occupation of Stephen Hurry, at the annual Rent of Eleven Pounds Ten Shillings.

N.B.—The remaining 3 Roods and 28 Perches were sold to the Eastern Counties Railway Company for One hundred and fifty Pounds, which was invested in the Purchase of Consols, and the Dividends received annually amount to Five Pounds Five Shillings and Sixpence; this is numbered on the Tithe Plan 1043 and 1044, and the Sum apportioned to the Vicar is Nineteen Shillings and Nine-pence, and to the Rector Two Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny.

A Cottage in Church Street, Whittlesey, called the Vicarage House, in the Occupation of John Bellamy, at the annual Rent of Six Pounds.

The Surplice Fees amount annually to about the Sum of Ten Pounds.

There is also Tithe Rent-charge payable to the Vicar of Whittlesey Saint Andrew in respect of the following Glebe Lands belonging to the Vicar of Whittlesey Saint Mary; viz.

An Allotment of Land in Lattersey Field in the Parish of Saint Mary Whittlesey, containing 24a. 2r. 3p.,

No. 86G on the Plan, the Tithe of which, payable to

the said Vicar, is commuted at - - - 2 9 0

A Piece of Land in Bassenhalley Moor, containing 8a. 2r. 21p., No. 1451 and 1452 on the Plan; the Tithe to the said Vicar is commuted at - - 0 17 3

A Piece of Land in Black Bush, containing 10a. Or. 8p.,

No. 3046 on the Plan; the Tithe to the said Vicar is commuted at - - - . -101

4 6 4

5 Z

The

458

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Crt/>.xxxii.

The THIRD SCHEDULE.

An Account of the Endowment of the Chapel of the Holy Trinity at Coates in Whittlesey in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge.

A Copyhold Messuage, with Outhouses, Yards, Gardens, and Appurtenances, situate and being at Coates aforesaid, purchased by the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, of the Honourable Selena Childers and John Walbanke Childers, Esquire, out of Monies appropriated to and for the Augmentation of the said Curacy, and by them surrendered to the Use of the Reverend Thomas Bedford and his Successors, Curates of the Curacy of Holy Trinity at Coates aforesaid, for ever, according to the Custom of the Manors of Whittlesey Saint Mary and Whittlesey Saint Andrew, for the perpetual Augmentation of the said Curacy.

The Sum of Seventy Pounds, being a perpetual and fixed annual Rent-charge arising from an Estate in the Parish of Whittlesey aforesaid, belonging to the said Selena Childers and John Walbanke Childers.

The Sum of Twenty Pounds, being also a perpetual and fixed annual Rent-charge, arising from an Estate in the Parish of Whittlesey aforesaid, belonging to Mr. Joseph Waddelow.

The Interest of about Two hundred Pounds, in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Bounty of Queen Anne.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849-

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VI(TORI E REGINA.

An Act for extending the Powers of the London and South-western Railway Company for purchasing Lands for and completing the Works of the Railways from Basingstoke to Salisbury and from Farnham to Alton, and for other Purposes.

An Act for making a Railway from London to Southampton, 4 & 5 W. 4. several Persons were incorporated, by the Name of " The London and c-88-Southampton Railway Company," for executing such Undertaking:

And whereas the following Acts relating to such Company, the Name whereof is now " The London and South-western Railway Company," have since been passed; to wit, " The London and South-western Railway Deviations Act, 1837," and "The Portsmouth Branch Railway Act, 1839," and " The London and South-western Railway Company’s Amendment Act, 1841," and "The Salisbury Branch Railway Act, 1844," and " The London and South-western Railway Company’s Amendment Act, 1844," and " The London and South-

Cap. xxxiii.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled

[Z/Oca/.J

6 A

western

4f>2

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cajo.xxxiii.

iwestern Railway (Metropolitan Extensions) Act, 1845," and " The London and South-western Railway Company’s Amendment Act, 1845," and " The Guildford Extension and Portsmouth and Fareham Railway Act, 1845," and "The Windsor, Staines, and South-western Railway Act (No. 2.), 1847," and " The Windsor, Staines, and South-western Railway Act (No. 1.), 1847," and "The London and South-western Railway Company’s (Widening and York Road Station Enlargement) Act, 1847," and "The Exeter and Exmouth Railway Act, 1847," and " The Sutton Harbour Act, 1847," and " The Southampton and Dorchester Railway (Lyminglon and Eling Branches) Act, 1847," and " The Southampton and Dorchester Railway (Weymouth Branch Act), 1847," ar|d " The London and South-western Railway Company’s [Andover and Southampton Junction) Railway Act, 1847," aid "The London and South-western Rail way Company’s [Portsmouth Extensions and Godalming Deviation) Act, 1817," and " The London and Southwestern Railway Company’s Amendment Act, 1847," and " The London and Soidh-western and Southampton and Dorchester Railways Amalgamation Act, 1848 And whereas by or under and in pursuance of the Provisions of the recited Acts the Company were authorized to raise Capital to the aggregate Amount of Seven millions four hundred and thirty-four thousand and fifty Pounds, and they have at divers Times created Shares to such Amount accordingly: And whereas certain of such Shares, fully paid up, have been converted into transferable Stock : And whereas the Powers of the Company for issuing Shares, and for making Calls on Shares, have not yet been fully exercised : And whereas the Holders of certain of such Shares, fully paid up to the aggregate Amount of Fourteen thousand four hundred Pounds, are entitled to a fixed preferential Dividend thereon of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable out of the Revenue of the Company : And whereas the Holders of such Stock, and of all the other Shares so issued, and not converted into transferable Stock, are entitled to rateable Dividends out of the Revenue of the Company on the Amounts paid up : And whereas such Shares are of various Amounts, and it is expedient to facilitate the Conversion of all such Shares into Shares of like Amount, and the Conversion into transferable Stock of all the Shares fully paid up, and to equalize the Rights and Privileges of the Holders of such Stock and Shares, having due Regard to the Amounts paid up, and the Rights and Privileges of the Shareholders entitled to such fixed preferential Dividend : And whereas by " The London and Southwestern [Farnham and Alton Branch) Act, 1846," the Company were authorized to make the Farnham and Alton Branch Railway, and it was enacted that the Powers of the Company for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of that Act should not be exercised after the Expiration of Three Years from the passing thereof, and that the Railway and Works should be completed within Three Years from the passing thereof, and on the Expiration of such Period the Powers granted to the Company for executing the Railway, or otherwise in relation thereto, should cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the Railway as should then be completed: And whereas by " The London and South-western Railway Company's

Basingstoke

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cup.xxxiii. 463

Basingstoke and Salisbury Extension Act, 1846," the Company were authorized to make the Basingstoke and Salisbury Branch Railway, and it was enacted that the Powers of the Company for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of that Act should not be exercised after the Expiration of Three Years from the passing thereof, and that the Railway and Works should be completed within Five Years from the passing thereof, and on the Expiration of such Period the Powers granted to the Company for executing the Railway, or otherwise in relation thereto, should cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the Railway as should then be completed:

And whereas it is expedient that the Powers of the Company for the Purchase of such Lands and the Completion of such Works should he extended : And whereas, besides certain Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, the following other Acts relating to the London and South-western Railway Company have been passed; to wit, "The London and South-western Railway Company’s Wandsworth Water Act, 1841," and " The Guildford Junction Railway Act,

1844," and "The Southampton and Dorchester Railway Act, 1845," and "The Richmond Railway Act, 1845," and "The London and South-western Railway Company’s Amendment xYct, 1846," and " The London and South-western Railway Company’s London Bridge Extension Act, 1846," and "The London and South-western (Hampton Court Branch) Act, 1846," and "The London and South western Railway (Cherlsey and Egham Branch) Act, 1846," and "The Exeter and Exmouth Railway Act, 1846," and "The Brighton and Chichester (Portsmouth Extension) and London and South-western Railways Act,

1847:" And whereas the several Purposes herein-before expressed cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in citing this Act for any Purpose whatsoever, it shall Short Title be sufficient to use the Expression "The London and South-western of Act-Extension of Powers Act, 1846."

II. And be it enacted, That this Act, and the several recited Acts, Recited Acts so far as the same respectively are in force, and except so far as the and this Act Provisions thereof respectively are repealed or altered by this Act,

and this Act, shall for the Purposes of this Act be and be carried One Act. into effect as One Act.

III. And be it enacted, That the Powers of the Company for the Limiting compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of " The London Period for and South-western (Famham and Alton Branch) Act, 1846," and p°™phulsory " The London and South-western Railway Company’s Basingstoke Lands^ml0 and Salisbury Extension Act, 1846," respectively, may be exercised Completion within but shall not be exercised after the Expiration of Two Years of certain from the passing of this Act, and the several Railways and Works "orks-

by the same Acts respectively authorized may be completed within such Two Years, and on the Expiration of such Period the Powers granted to the Company for executing the same, or otherwise in relation thereto, shall cease to be exercised, except as to so much

thereof

464 12° & 13° VICTORIA, C^.xxxiii.

thereof as shall then be completed : Provided always, that the Extension of Time for the Purchase of Lands and for the Completion of the Works respectively for the Purposes of the London and Southwestern {Farnham arid Alton Branch) Act, 1846, herein granted, shall not extend to or be exercised by the said Company so as to delay the opening for public Traffic of that Portion of the Line by such Act authorized which is situate between a certain Field in the Parish of W orplesdon, numbered 78 on the Plans referred to in the said last-mentioned Act, and the Guildford Junction Railway, but the said Company shall and they are hereby required forthwith to complete such Portion of the said Line, and to open the same for public Traffic, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, so that the Traffic of the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway Company, requiring to pass over the same Portion of Line, in exercise of the Powers in that Behalf reserved to the same Company by the said Act, may be in no respect impeded or delayed.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Justices, Arbitrators, Umpires, or Juries, as the Case may be, who under the Provisions of "The London and South-western Railway (Farnham and Alton Branch) Act, 1846," or of " The London and South-western Railway Company’s Basingstoke and Salisbury Extension Act, 1846," or this Act, shall award or assess the Compensation to be made by the Company to the Owners or Occupiers of or other Persons interested in any of the Lands which the Company are by " The London and South-western Railway (Farnham and Alton Branch) Act, 1846," or by ‘, The London and South-western Railway Company’s Basingstoke and Salisbury Extension Act, 1846," authorized to purchase compulsorily, and which shall be taken or used for the Purposes of the Railways or Works by those Acts or either of them authorized, or which may be injuriously affected by the Construction thereof, shall in estimating the Amount of such Compensation have Regard to anti make Compensation for the additional Damage (if any) sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, or other Persons, by reason of the Extension of Time by this Act granted.

Existing V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con-

an°d Notices ta'net* 'n anywise prejudice or affect any Contracts entered into uuake°Lands or Notice given by the said Company before the passing of this Act not to be for purchasing, taking, or using any Lands which under "The

affected. London and South-western Railway (Farnham and Alton Branch)

Act, 1846," or "The London and South-western Railway Company’s Basingstoke and Salisbury Extension Act, 1846," such Company is entitled to purchase, take, or use, but every such Contract and Notice respectively shall be construed and shall take effect, and the same Proceedings shall be had thereunder, and all Parties thereto shall be entitled to the same Rights and Remedies in respect thereof! both at Law and in Equity, as if this Act had not been passed.

Powers'for

VI. And be it enacted, That the Directors, with the Consent of a

Alteration of General Meeting, may from Time to Time exercise, with respect to

Shares. any

Parties aggrieved by Limitation of Time may have Compensation for additional Damage.

4()5

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxiii.

any of the Shares in such aggregate Capital of Seven million four hundred and thirty-four thousand and fifty Pounds, any of the following Powers:

First,—They may, with the Consent of the Holders of any Shares whereon such preferential Dividends are payable, convert the same into Shares bearing rateable Dividends out of the Revenue of the Company:

Second,—They may conveit any Shares for the Time being fully paid up into transferable Stock:

Third,—They may convert any Shares, whether already issued or not, and whether for the Time being fully paid up or not, into new Shares differing from their present nominal Amounts, with a view to the ultimate Conversion of the whole into Shares of the same nominal Amounts:

Fourth,—They may make any Classification of Shares, whether already issued or not, and whether for the Time being fully paid up or not:

Fifth,—They may, with the Consent of the Holders of any Shares whereon such preferential Dividend is payable, convert the same into transferable Stock bearing a like preferential Dividend : Sixth,—They may issue any of the Shares not already issued, and whether or not converted into Shares of different Amounts, and whether or not classified, at such Times, upon such Terms, and to such Persons as they think fit.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Powers by this Act conferred on the Directors shall not enable them to increase such aggregate Capital of Seven million four hundred and thirty-four thousand and fifty Pounds, whether for the Time being consisting partly of transferable Stock and partly of Shares, or wholly of transferable Stock, beyond the present Amount thereof.

VIII. And be it enacted, That such new Shares into which other

Shares shall be converted, or which shall be issued for or in lieu of other Shares, shall be respectively vested in the several Corporations and Persons who were the respective Holders of the Shares converted into such new Shares, or for or in lieu of which such new Shares shall be issued, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums paid on or in respect of the same respectively; and such Shares already created, but not yet issued, or the Shares which shall be issued for or in lieu of the same, shall be respectively vested in the several Corporations and Persons who have subscribed and shall hereafter subscribe for the same respectively, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums by them respectively subscribed and to be subscribed; and all such Corporations and Persons respectively, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall accordingly be Owners and Proprietors of Capital Stock in the Company to the same Extent, and as beneficially, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, (except as herein-• [Loca/.] 6 B after

Capital not* to be increased.

Rights of Holders of new Shares.

466 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxiii.

after provided,) as Proprietors of the like Number of the Shares by the first-recited Act authorized to be created, and shall, in respect of the Shares and new Shares by this Act authorized to be respectively created and issued, (except as aforesaid,) be entitled and subject to all such Rights, Privileges, Powers, Provisions, Indemnities, Remedies, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things, as are respectively contained or expressed in the recited Acts or any of them, so far as the same respectively are now unrepealed, and are not by this Act repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for: Provided always, that any Proprietor of any Share, or new Share hereby authorized to be created or issued, shall not be entitled to any further or greater Dividend thereon than in respect and to the Extent of the Amount which has for the Time being been paid up on such Share, or on the Share or Shares converted into such new Share, or for or in lieu of which such new Share has been issued.

Towers to

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Directors shall, make Calls, in respect as well of the existing Shares for the Time being not fully paid up as of the new Shares for the Time being not fully paid up, have all the Powers by the recited Acts or any of them given to the Directors for making and enforcing Calls: Provided also, that the total Amount which the Directors may call up on any such existing Share shall not exceed the Amount which they might have called up thereon if this Act had not been passed : Provided also, that the total Amount which the Directors may call up on any such new Share or new Shares shall not exceed the total Amount

which they might have called up on the Share or Shares converted into such new Share or new Shares, or for and in lieu of which such new Share or new Shares shall be issued.

Provision as X. And whereas by or under or in pursuance of the Provisions to borrowing of the recited Acts the Company are authorized to borrow at Inte-Money. rest;v]oney to the aggregate Amount of Two million two hundred and fifty-two thousand one hundred and forty-six Pounds, and they have exercised such Powers to the Extent of borrowing at Interest the aggregate Principal Sum of One million six hundred and nine thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds : And whereas it is expedient to simplify the Powers of the Company with respect to the borrowing of Money: Be it therefore enacted, That the Company may from Time to Time, with the Consent of a General Meeting, borrow at Interest on Mortgage of their Undertaking and the future Calls on the Shareholders, or on Bond, all or any Part of the said Sum of Two million two hundred and fifty-two thousand one hundred and forty-six Pounds not for the Time being borrowed and continuing due from the Company on Loan, but nevertheless subject and without Prejudice to the Rights and Interests of the present Mortgagees and Bond Creditors of the Company; and for the Purposes of this Act the Provisions of " The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1815," with respect to the borrowing of Money by the Company on Mortgage or Bond, and with respect to the Conversion of the borrowed Money into Capital, are incorporated with

467

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxHi.

this Act: Provided always, that this Act shall not enable the Company to borrow any greater Amount than they might have borrowed if this Act had not been passed.

XI. And whereas it is expedient that the present Scale of voting at Meetings of Proprietors in the Company should be amended : Be it therefore enacted, That at all General Meetings of the Company every Shareholder shall have One Vote for every Sum of Fifty Pounds held by him in the Capital of the Company up to Ten such Sums, and he shall have an additional Vote for every Five such Sums held by him beyond the first Ten such Sums held by him up to One hundred such Sums, and an additional Vote for every Ten such Sums held by him beyond the first One hundred such Sums held by him : Provided always, that no Shareholder shall be entitled to vote at any Meeting while any Call actually due and payable on or in respect of any Share or Stock held by him remains in arrear and unpaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Voles shall be ascertained as follows, and not otherwise; to wit,

1. In every Case of a Shareholder holding only One Share in

the Share Capital of the Company, and not holding any of the transferable Stock of the Company, if such Share is of a nominal Amount less than Fifty Pounds such Share shall not confer any Right to vote, or if such Share is of the nominal Amount of Fifty Pounds such Share shall be deemed One entire Sum of Fifty Pounds held in the Capital of the Company, or if such Share is of a nominal Amount greater than Fifty Pounds every entire Sum of Fifty Pounds comprised in such nominal Amount shall be deemed One entire Sum of Fifty Pounds held in the Capital of the Company; but any Balance less than Fifty Pounds of such nominal Amount shall not confer any Right to vote:

2. In every Case of a Shareholder holding more Shares than

One in the Share Capital of the Company, and not holding any of the transferable Stock of the Company, if such Shares together are of an aggregate nominal Amount less than Fifty Pounds such Shares or any of them shall not confer any Right to vote, or if such Shares together are of the aggregate nominal Amount of Fifty Pounds such Shares together shall be deemed One entire Sum of Fifty Pounds held in the Capital of the Company, or if such Shares together are of an aggregate Amount greater than Fifty Pounds every entire Sum of Fifty Pounds comprised in such aggregate nominal Amount shall be deemed One entire Sum of Fifty Pounds held in the Capital of the Company; but any Balance less than Fifty Pounds of such aggregate nominal Amount shall not confer any Right to vote:

3. In every Case of a Shareholder holding any of the trans-

ferable Stock of the Company, and not holding any Share in the Share Capital of the Company, if such Stock is of a nominal Amount less than Fifty Pounds such Stock shall not confer any

Right

Scale of Votes for Shareholders.

Mode of ascertaining such Votes.

408

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Coj).xxxiii.

Right to vote, or if such Stock is of the nominal Amount of Fifty Pounds such Stock shall be deemed One entire Sum of Fifty Pounds held in the Capital of the Company, or if such Stock is of a nominal Amount greater than Fifty Pounds, every entire Sum of Fifty Pounds comprised in such nominal Amount shall be deemed One entire Sum of Fifty Pounds held in the Capital of the Company; but any Balance less than Fifty Pounds of such nominal Amount shall not confer any Right to vote:

4. In every Case of a Shareholder holding any Share or Shares in the Share Capital of the Company, and also holding any of the transferable Stock of the Company, if such Share or Shares and Stock together are of an aggregate nominal Amount less than Fifty Pounds such Share or Shares and Stock, or any of them, shall not confer any Right to vote, or if such Share or Shares and Stock together are of the aggregate nominal Amount of Fifty Pounds such Share or Shares and Stock together shall be deemed One entire Sum of Fifty Pounds held in the Capital of the Company, or if such Share or Shares and Stock together are of an aggregate nominal Amount greater than Fifty Pounds every entire Sum of Fifty Pounds comprised in such aggregate nominal Amount shall be deemed One entire Sum of Fifty Pounds held in the Capital of the Company; but any Balance less than Fifty Pounds of such aggregate nominal Amount shall not confer any Right to vote.

Scale of voting to be that prescribed by this Act. Meetings to be held and Accounts to be made up half-yearly.

Saving Powers of Company,

&c.~

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Scale of voting prescribed by this Act shall be substituted for any and every Scale of voting prescribed by the recited Acts or any of them.

XIV. And be it enacted, That a Special General Meeting of the Company may from Time to Time, by a Resolution passed on the previous Recommendation of the Directors, appoint that the half-yearly General Meetings of the Company shall be held in such Two half-yearly Months in every Year other than the half-yearly Months of February and August as are thought most for the Advantage for the Time being of the Company, and also to appoint that the Accounts of the Company shall be made up half-yearly on such Two half-yearly Days in every Year other than the Thirtieth Day of June and the Thirty-first Day of December as, having regard to such appointed half-yearly Months, are thought most for the Advantage of the Company, and so long as any such Resolution remains in force the half-yearly General Meetings of the Company shall be held in the half-yearly Months thereby appointed, and the Accounts of the Company shall be made up on the half-yearly Days thereby appointed : Provided always, that the Interval between any such appointed half-yearly Day and the First Day of the appointed half-yearly Month then next following shall not be less than Twenty-seven Days nor more than Thirty-two Days.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act or anything therein contained shall not take away, lessen, or prejudicially affect

any

469

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cffyj.xxxiii.

any of' the Powers or Authorities by the recited Acts or any of them granted to the Company or conferred on the Directors.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Company shall not out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the Company authorized to be raised by Calls in respect of Shares, or by the Exercise of any Power of borrowing, pay Interest or Dividend to any Shareholder on the Amount of Calls made in respect of the Shares held by him in the Capital of the Company : Provided always, that the Company may pay to any Shareholder such Interest on Money advanced by him beyond the Amount of the Calls actually made as shall be in conformity with the Provisions in the " Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," in that Behalf contained.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Company shall not out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the Company authorized to be raised for the Purposes of such Act or Acts pay or deposit any Sum of Money which by any Standing Order of either House of Parliament for the Time being in force may be required to be deposited in respect of any Application to Parliament for the Purpose of obtaining an Act authorizing the Company to construct any Railway or execute any other Work or Undertaking.

XVIII. And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by Railway; and another Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating Railways; and another Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance of Troops; and another Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament, and for other Purposes in relation to Railways; and Two other Acts passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways, and An Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways: Be it enacted, That anything in this Act contained shall not be held to exempt the Railway or the Company from the Provisions of such several Acts respectively, but such Provisions shall be in force in respect to the Railway and the Company, so far as the same are applicable thereto.

XIX. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Railway by this or the said recited Acts authorized to be made from the Provisions of any general Act relating to such Acts, or of any general Act relating to Railways, now in force, or which may hereafter pass during this or any future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Rates of Fares and Charges authorized by this or the recited Acts.

Interest not to be paid on Calls paid up.

Deposits for future Bills not to be made out of Company’s Capital.

Railway Company to be subject to Provisions of 1 & 2 Vict, c. 98.,

3 & 4 Vict, c. 97

5 & 6 Vict, c. 55.,

7 & 8 Vict, c. 85., and 9 & 10 Vict, cc. 57. & 105.

Railways not exempt from Provisions of any future general Act.

470

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, C«;;.xxxiii.

XX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TE11TIO

VICTORIA REGTN/E.

Cap. xxx iv.

An Act for enabling the Windsor, Staines, and Southwestern (Richmond to Windsor) Railway Company to make an Extension of their Railway to the Town of New Windsor; and for other Purposes.

[2(ith June 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, called " The Windsor, Staines, and South- 10& 11 Vict western Railway Act (No. 1.), 184-7," whereby the Windsor, Staines, c. 58. and South-western ( Richmond to Windsor) Railway Company were authorized to make a Railway from Richmond to Windsor, with a Loop Line through Brentford and Hounslow, and the London and South-western Railway Company were empowered to subscribe towards and to accept a Lease or Transfer thereof: And whereas an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, called " The Windsor and Southwestern Railway Deviations Act, 1848," whereby the said Windsor,

Staines, and South-western (Richmond to Windsor) Railway Company were authorized to make certain Deviations in the Line of the said Railway from Richmond to Windsor: And whereas it would be of public Advantage that the said Company should be enabled to make an Extension of the said Windsor, Staines, and South-western (Richmond to Windsor) Railway from the authorized Terminus thereof in the Parish of Datchet in the County of Buckingham into the Town of [_Local.~\ 0 D tfew

11 & 12 Vict.

474

Provisions of recited Acts to extend to this Act.

[Short Title.]

Construction of Terms.

Capital.

Shares may be issued.

Number and Amount of Shares.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxiv.

New Windsor in the County of Berks : And whereas it is expedient that the said London and South-western Railway Company should be authorized to subscribe towards the said Extension to Windsor : And whereas the said Windsor, Staines, and South-western ( Richmond to Windsor) Railway Company are willing to carry the above-mentioned Objects into execution, but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said herein-before recited Acts and the Acts incorporated therewith, or any of them, so far as the same are now unrepealed, and except such of them or such Parts thereof as are by this Act repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for, shall extend to the several Purposes and Things hereby authorized to be done, and to the Capital hereby authorized to be created, as fully and effectually as if the same several Provisions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enacted in this Act with reference to such Purposes and Things.

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, Notices, and other Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The South-western Windsor Extension Act, 1849."

III. And be it enacted, That in construing this Act the Expression "the Company" shall mean "The Windsor, Staines, and Southwestern (Richmond to Windsor) Railway Company."

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to raise by the Issue of new Shares in the Undertaking of the Company the further Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds : Provided always, that all and every Part of such Sum shall be applicable only to the Objects and Purposes by this Act authorized.

V. And be it enacted, That, unless at a Special General Meeting of the Company, and with the Consent of the Holders for the Time being of such new Capital, it shall be otherwise ordered and directed, the Holders of such new Capital shall be entitled to the same Rights and Privileges, and be subject to the same Provisions and Liabilities, in all respects as if such new Capital had been Part of the original Capital of the Company, except that no Dividend shall be paid in respect of such new Capital until the said Extension Railway hereby authorized, or some Part thereof, shall have been completed anti opened for Traffic, or until the Company shall be in receipt of income or Rent in respect of the same Extension Railway, or some Part thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Number and nominal Amount of such Shares, and the Times of making Calls for such new Capital, and the Amount of such Calls respectively, shall be such as the Directors of the Company shall fix and determine, so

nevertheless

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxiv. 475

nevertheless that the nominal Amount of any such Share shall not exceed Sixteen Pounds, and so nevertheless that Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Share shall be the greatest Amount of any One Call which the said Company may make on the Shareholders, and Fifteen Pounds of the Amount of a Share shall be the utmost aggregate Amount of Calls that may be made in any One Year on any Share, and One Month at the least shall be the Interval between successive Calls.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Proprietor of any As to voting new Shares, the total nominal Amount whereof shall be fixed at less in aspect of than Sixteen Pounds, shall be entitled to vote in respect of the ne'v Slu,re!" Number of such Shares held by him, but for the Purpose of voting

the Amount of Capital in the Company represented by all such new Shares held by him shall be considered as divided into as many Sixteen Pound Shares as such Amount of Capital will admit of, and the Right of voting of such Proprietor in respect of such new Shares of less nominal Amount than Sixteen Pounds each shall be determined by the Number of Sixteen Pound Shares into which the Amount of Capital represented by such new Shares held by him shall be capable of being divided.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company Power to at any Special General Meeting thereof to order and direct, with grant pre-the Consent of the Holders thereof at the Time of making such terential Order and Direction, that the Capital which shall be raised under the sitareJ!' ' " Provisions of this or of the said recited Acts for the Purposes of the Extension Railway hereby authorized shall, in lieu and stead of the

Rights and Privileges herein-before mentioned, be created, issued, and held on such Terms as to entitle the Proprietors thereof to be paid out of the general Revenue of the Company, and in priority of the general Dividends made by the Company, a Rate of Dividend to be fixed at such Special General Meeting of the Company not exceeding Six Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Amount paid up upon such new Shares; and such fixed Dividends shall be payable half-yearly at the same Times as the ordinary Dividends of the Company.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Company Interest not or for the London and South-western Railway Company, out of any to be paid on Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the said Railway Calls l,ai<l Companies respectively authorized to be raised by Calls in respect of up'

Shares, or by the Exercise of any Power of borrowing, to pay Interest

or Dividend to any Shareholder on the Amount of the Calls made in respect of the Shares held by him in the Capital by this Act authorized to be raised : Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall be deemed to prevent the same Companies respectively from paying to any Shareholder such Interest on Money advanced by him beyond the Amount of the Calls actually made as shall be in conformity with the Provisions in the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, in that Behalf contained.

47G

Deposits for future Bills not to be paid out of Company’s Capital.

Power to borrow extended to 26,666/. beyond the Amount already authorized to be borrowed.

Provisions of recited Acts relative to the borrowing of Money to be applicable to the Sum to be borrowed under this Act.

Mortgagees under recited Act to have Priority.

Power to make Kail-tvay accord-

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.wxw.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall not he lawful for the Company or for the London and South-western Railway Company, out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the same Companies respectively authorized to be raised for the Purposes of such Act or Acts, to pay or deposit any Sum of Money which, by any Standing Order of either House of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be in force, may he required to he deposited in respect of any Application to Parliament for the Purpose of obtaining an Act authorizing the same Companies respectively to construct any other Railway or execute any other Work or Undertaking.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, when and as soon as the whole of the Capital of the Company authorized by the said recited Act and this Act to he raised by Subscription shall have been actually subscribed or taken up, and One Half thereof paid up, by an Order of any General or Special General Meeting of the Company, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest any further or additional Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds, on the Credit of the said H'indsor, Staines, and South-western (Richmond to Windsor) Railway, including the Loop and Extensions thereof, as to them shall seem proper, and thereupon to secure Repayment thereof, with Interest, to such Persons as shall be found willing to lend the same, by such Mortgages, Assignments, or Ronds as are authorized by the said Act or the Acts incorporated therewith, or some of them, in respect of the Sum by the said recited Act authorized to be borrowed: Provided always, that all and every Part of such Sum of Money so to be borrowed shall be applicable only to the Objects and Purposes by this Act authorized.

XII. And be it enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, and Provisions, Directions, Remedies, Regulations, Matters, and Things, in the said Act or the Acts incorporated therewith, or some of them, contained, relating to or in anywise affecting the borrowing of Money, and the Augmentation of Capital Stock instead of borrowing, or by the Conversion of Money borrowed into Capital Stock, and relating to or in anywise affecting Mortgages and Assignments, and Transfers of Mortgages and Assignments, and Mortgagees and Assignees and Transferees of Mortgagees and Assignees, shall extend and be applicable to the said additional Sum of Twenty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds hereby authorized to be raised as aforesaid, in the same Manner as the same extend and are applicable by the said recited Act and the Acts incorporated therewith, or any of them, to the Sum by the said recited Act authorized to be borrowed as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Mortgages already granted under the Powers of the said recited Act shall during the Continuance thereof have Priority over any Mortgages to be granted under the Powers of this Act.

XIV. And whereas Plans and Sections of the intended Extension Line of Railway showing the Line and Levels thereof, and also Rooks

of

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxiv. 477

of Reference thereto containing the Names of the Owners, Lessees, *"ite(1 and Occupiers, or reputed Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers, of the pjj^f1 L' Lands through which the same is intended to pass, or which may be required to be taken for the Purposes of the Undertaking, have been deposited with the Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Buckingham and Berks: Be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in this and said recited Acts and the Acts incorporated therewith contained, it shall be lawful for the Company to make and maintain the said Extension Railway and the Works herein-after more particularly described in the Line and upon the Lands delineated on the said Plans and described in the said Books of Reference, and upon the Levels defined on the said Sections, and to enter upon, take, and use such of the said Lands as shall be necessary for such Purposes.

XV. And be it enacted, That the said Extension Line of Railway, Description herein-after called "The Windsor Extension Line," shall commence of Line of in the Parish of Datchet in the said County of Buckingham in a Field 31 "a)' numbered G2, in the same Parish, on the deposited Plans of the said Windsor, Staines, and South-western (Richmond to Windsor) Railway, and shall terminate in the Parish and Town of New Windsor in

the said County of Berks near a certain Lane there called " Farm Yard"

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Extension Line of Railway Extension shall be and become Part of the Undertaking of the Windsor, Staines, Lino to and South-western (Richmond to Windsor) Railway Company, and shall as such be subject to the several Provisions of the said recited Act relating thereto as extended to this Act. taking.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the further Quantity of Land to Land for ex-

be taken by the Company for extraordinary Purposes shall not exceed traordinary Twenty Acres. Purposes.

XVIII. And whereas it is proposed by the said Company to erect As to Bridge a Bridge for the Purpose of carrying the said Extension Line of Rail- over the way over the River Thames: Be it enacted, That the Piers of such -plumes Bridge shall be founded sufficiently deep to admit of providing and maintaining at the said Bridge a Depth of Ten Feet of Water below

the ordinary Summer Surface of the River, and also that the said Company shall and will dredge or deepen the said River at the Site of the said Bridge, and for a Quarter of a Mile above and below the same, it and as and when the said Company are so required to do by the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, by Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- As to cro s-pany to carry the said Extension Line of Railway across and on the >ng of a Level ot a certain Highw-ay or Towing Path numbered on the Plans certa‘n Road, deposited as aforesaid 2, in the said Parish of New Windsor.

478

Confirming Agreement between the Crown and the Company.

Power to enter into further Agreements with the Crown.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cup.xxxiv.

XX. And whereas an Agreement in Writing bearing Date on or about the Fourteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine has been entered into between the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, on behalf of Her Majesty, of the First Part, William James Chaplin, Henry Charles Lacy, and George Alexander Reid, therein described as Three of the Directors of the Windsor, Staines, and South-western (Richmond to Windsor) Railway Company, of the Second Part, the said Company of the Third Part, and the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty of the Fourth Part, which Agreement contains certain Conditions and Stipulations as to the Terms on and the Manner in which the said Windsor, Staines, and South-western (Richmond to Windsor) Railway Company should construct and maintain the said Extension of their present Railway from Datchet to Windsor, and as to the Communications, Culverts, and Fences to be made and maintained by the said Company, and as to the Position of the Terminus of the said Railway at Windsor, and as to the Place or Places at which the said Company might construct Stations, and the Mode in which the said Company might use such Stations when constructed, and as to the Mode of fixing the Price at which the Commissioners should sell and convey to the Company such Portions of the Crown Property not situate within the Home Park as might be necessary for the Extension of the Railway, and also containing numerous other Stipulations and Provisions having reference to the said proposed Extension : And whereas it is expedient that such Agreement should be ratified and confirmed by Parliament: Be it enacted, That the said Agreement of the Fourteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine shall be and the same is hereby authorized, ratified, and confirmed, and the Parties to the said Agreement shall be and they are hereby declared to be bound to abide by, fulfil, perform, and execute every Clause, Matter, and Thing in the said Agreement contained purporting to be obligatory on such Parties respectively as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if every Clause, Matter, and Thing in the said Agreement had been hereby fully and at length repeated and expressly enacted: Provided always, that nothing in this Clause contained shall prevent the said recited Agreement from being altered or modified by any new Agreement which, consistently with the Provision for that Purpose hereinafter contained, may be hereafter entered into between the Commissioners of Woods for the Time being on behalf of Her Majesty and the said Company.

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Woods for the Time being, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, and for the said Company, to enter into any further Agreements or Agreement having reference to the said proposed Extension, and that any such Agreements or Agreement, when duly executed by the said Commissioners for the Time being on behalf of Her Majesty, with such Consent as aforesaid, and by the said Company, under the Authority of this Act, shall be binding and obligatory on lire Parties thereto for the Purpose

479

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxiv.

and Purposes, and to the Extent and in the Manner in which the same may purport to bind them, but nevertheless that any such Agreement may be altered or modified by any subsequent Agreement executed according to the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no Agreement or Agreements modifying, varying, or altering, or purporting to modify, vary, or alter, the said Agreement by this Act confirmed, shall be of any Force, Validity, or Effect, either at Law or in Equity, or otherwise howsoever, unless and until such further Agreement or Agreements shall have been expressly approved of, ratified, and confirmed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, and such Approval, Ratification, and Confirmation shall have been previously signified by some Instrument or Instruments in V riting under the ltoyal Sign Manual of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors.

XXII. And be it enacted, That no Depot, Station, Yard, Wharf, Waiting, Watering, Loading or Unloading Place, Building, or Erection of any Kind whatsoever shall be made or constructed by the said Company, and that the said Company shall not permit or allow any Trains, Engines, or Carriages of any Description to stop, or take up or set down any Person or Persons, Passenger or Passengers, or load or unload any Train, Engine, or Carriage whatsoever, on any Part of the said extended Line of Railway, or any Land adjoining the same, between the Fields marked 71 and 72 in the Parish of Datchet on the deposited Plans of the said Windsor, Staines, and South-western (Richmond to Windsor) Railway and the said proposed Terminus of the said Extension Line of Railway near Windsor Bridge, without the Consent of the Provost and College of Eton, to be signified by some Writing under their Corporate Seal.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Provost of Eton College, Head Master or Under Master of Eton College School, or any Person appointed by them or either of them, shall at all seasonable Times have free Access to any Depot or Station for the Reception of Passengers proceeding by the Trains upon the said Extension Line of Railway, and to every Part thereof, and to every Booking Office, Ticket Office, or other Office or Place for Passengers upon the said Extension Railway, and shall then and there be "entitled to demand and take and have, without any unreasonable Delay, from the proper Officer or Servant of the Company, such Information as it may be in the Power of any Officer or Servant of the Company to give with reference to any Passenger or Person having passed or applying to pass on the said Extension Railway, or otherwise coming to or being in or upon the said Depot or Station, who shall be a Scholar of Eton College, either on the Foundation or otherwise; and in case the said Company or their Officers or Servants, or any of them, shall not permit such free Access to the said Depots or Stations as aforesaid, or shall not furnish such Information as herein-before mentioned, the said Company or Officer or Servant of the said Company shall for each Default forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Powers of the Company for compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of this Act shall not

be

Company not to erect Station, Xc. within certain Points.

Provost, &c. of Eton to have Access to Stations.

Period for

compulsory

Purchase

480

of Lands limited-

period for Completion of Railway, &c.

Company to take same Tolls as on existing Line.

Maximum

Charges.

Company may take increased Charges by Agreement.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxiv.

be exercised after the Expiration of Three Years from the passing of this Act.

XXV. And be it enacted, That after the Expiration of Five Years from the passing of this Act all the Powers hereby granted to the Company tor making the Railways hereby authorized, or otherwise in relation thereto, shall cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the same as shall then be completed.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Company may, subject to the Provisions contained in the said recited Acts, lawfully demand and receive in respect of the Railways and Works hereby authorized to be made, for the Tonnage of all Articles, Matters, and Things conveyed upon the same or any Part thereof respectively, and in respect of Passengers, Beasts, Cattle, and Animals conveyed in Carriages, and for Carriages conveyed on the same or any Part thereof respectively, and for and in respect of locomotive Engines or other Power for drawing or propelling supplied by the Company, and for the Conveyance upon the same Railways or any Part thereof respectively, in Waggons or Carriages belonging to the Company, of any Passengers, Cattle or other Animals, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things, and for Wharfage, Warehousing, and Craneage, such Amount of Tolls and other Charges as by the said recited Acts the Company are authorized to demand and receive in respect of the same several Matters and Things, Privileges and Advantages respectively, on or in respect of the said Windsor, Staines, and South-western (Richmond to Windsor) Railway, or the Works connected therewith, or any Part thereof.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the maximum Charges to be made by the Company in respect of all the Tolls and Charges in respect of the Railways and Works hereby authorized to be made, and of Carriages, Waggons, and Trucks, and for locomotive Power, and every Expense incidental to such Conveyance, shall not exceed the Sums in that Behalf limited by the Windsor, Staines, and South-western Railway Act (No. 1.), 1847: Provided also, that the maximum Charges shall not extend to Articles, Matters, or Things, Passengers, Beasts, Cattle, and Animals, conveyed by or in any Special Train, and that in all Cases where any such Articles, Matters, or Things, Passengers, Beasts, Cattle, and Animals, shall be conveyed on the said Windsor, Staines, and South-western (Richmond to Windsor) Railway, including the Deviations and Extension thereof hereby authorized to be made, for a less Distance than Six Miles, the Company may demand and receive the before-mentioned maximum Charges for Six Miles.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be held to prevent the Company from taking any increased Charges, over and above the Charges herein-before limited, for the Conveyance of Goods of any Description by Agreement with the Owners of or Persons in charge of such Goods, either in respect of the Conveyance thereof by Passenger or other Trains, or by reason of any other special Service performed by the Company in relation thereto.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxiv. 481

XXIX. And whereas the London and South-western Railway £a"’"nt0 Company have agreed at a General Meeting of the Proprietors ofan(j South-the said Company to subscribe towards the Undertaking hereby

western

authorized: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Railway said London and South-western Railway Company to subscribe to

towards and become Shareholders in the said Undertaking to any su scr‘ e’ Extent not exceeding the Amount herein authorized to be raised in Shares.

XXX. And be it enacted, That for such Purpose it shall be lawful and for that for the said London and, South-western Railway Company to raise Purpose to all or any Part of the Money authorized to be subscribed by them sfteVumts. as aforesaid by the Creation of new Shares in the Undertaking of the said London and South-western Railway, of such Rights and Privileges, and subject to the same Provisions, Conditions, and Liabilities, in all respects as the new Shares authorized to be created in the same Undertaking by the London and South-western Railway Company’s Amendment Act, 1818, for the Purposes of that Act; or it shall be lawful for the London and South-western Railway Company, if they shall think fit, with the Consent of a General Meeting of the Proprietors thereof especially convened for the Purpose, to raise the Sums agreed to be subscribed by them, or any Portion thereof, by Mortgage of their Undertaking in like Manner and under and subject to the same Provisions as the same Company by all or any of the Acts relating to their Undertaking is authorized to raise Money by Mortgage on the Credit thereof: Provided always, that the same Company shall not raise any Money by Mortgage until the whole of their then existing Capital shall have been subscribed for, and One Half thereof paid up, nor shall the same Company by such Means increase the Amount which may be owing at any one Time on Mortgage of their Undertaking beyond the Proportion of One Third of their then existing Capital: Provided also, that no Priority or Guarantee of Dividend or Interest which may he granted in respect of any new Shares created by the London and South-western Railway Company in pursuance of the Powers of this Act shall prejudice or affect the Priority of any Guarantee of Dividend or Interest which may have been granted by the said last-mentioned Company by or under any Act passed before the present Session of Parliament.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Subscribing London and South-western Railway Company from Time to Time to Company nominate and appoint some One Person (whether a Shareholder or may aPPomt not in the Company hereby authorized to make the said Extension to'votc er>°" and Deviations) under the Seal of the said London and South-western Railway Company, or under the Hand of the Chairman for the Time being of the Directors of such Company, to vote on their Behalf at any Meeting of the Company in respect of the Shares which they may subscribe for and hold in the Capital by this Act authorized to be created, and such Person so appointed shall have the same Right of voting at such Meeting as the London and South-western Railway Company by whom he is appointed.

[Local.'] 6 F

482 12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxxiv.

Railway

XXXII. And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of

Company to t])e Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the^Pro- fbe Conveyance of the Mails by Railway; and another Act was visions of passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled l fc 2 Vict. An Act for regulating Railways; and another Act was passed in c;- the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act

c. <jt. C for Mie better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance of 5 & 6 Vict. Troops; and another Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the c. 55, Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to attach certain Con-I k '8 'ami' dilions to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to 9 & to Vict, be authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of cc. 57.105. Parliament, and for other Purposes in relation to Railway and another Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways; and another Act passed in the same Session, intituled An Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways : Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be held to exempt the said Railway or the Company from the Provisions of the said several Acts respectively, but that such Provisions shall be in force in respect of the said Railway and the Company so far as the same shall be applicable thereto.

Railways to

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be subject to be deemed or construed to exempt the Railways by this or the said of futureS recited Acts authorized to be made, or the Company, from the Progeneral visions of any general Act relating to such Acts, or of any general

Act. Act relating to Railways, or to the better and more impartial Audit

of the Accounts of Railway Companies, now in force, or which may hereafter pass during this or any future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Rates of Fares and Charges authorized by this or the said recited Acts.

[Public Act.]

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

I ij

ANNO DUODECIMO & DEC I MO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGINA.

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for 7 & 8 G. 4. lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the Town ofc- "• Ashton-under-Lyne in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for regulating the Police thereof whereby certain Persons qualified as therein mentioned were appointed Commissioners for executing the Purposes contained in the said recited Act: And whereas another Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for altering and amending 9 G. -l. c. 42. an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled 1 An Act ‘ for lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the Town ‘ of Ashton-under-Lyne in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for 1 regulating the Police thereof,’ and also for regulating the Market, and erecting a Market Place within and for the said Town, whereby the Powers of the Commissioners appointed by the said first-recited Act were amended and enlarged : And whereas the said Commissioners have proceeded to carry into execution the several Powers and Authorities vested in them by the said recited Acts, and have raised and expended considerable Sums of Money in lighting, watching, and [Local.] 6 G • cleansing

486 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxv.

cleansing the different Thoroughfares within the said Town, and also in erecting a Town Hall, Public Offices, and Market Place, and Conveniences thereto belonging: And whereas a Charter of Incorporation, bearing Date the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, was by Her present Majesty, by and with the Advice of Her Privy Council, granted to the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne, in pursuance of the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Seventh \ ear of the Ileign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth and in the 7W.-t. & First Year of the Ileign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act l Vict. c. 78. to amend an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, which Charter was confirmed by an Act passed ii& 12 Vict, in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to confirm the c. 93. Incorporation of certain Boroughs: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the 5 & t> w. 4. Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act c. 76. to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England

and Wales, it was provided that the Trustees under any Act or Acts of Parliament for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, regulating, supplying with Water, and improving any Borough or Part of any Borough might (if not beneficially interested), at a Meeting to be called for the Purpose, transfer all the Powers vested in them under any such Act or Acts to the Body Corporate of such Borough, and the said Body Corporate should thenceforth be Trustee for executing by the Council of such Borough the Powers and Provisions of any such Act or Acts of Parliament, and the Members of the said Council should have the same Powers and be subject to the same Duties as if their Names had been originally inserted in such Act or Acts, or as if they had been elected under the Provisions of such Act or Acts as such Trustees respectively : And whereas a Special General Meeting of the Commissioners appointed for carrying into execution the said first and second recited Acts was duly convened and held on the Seventh Day of February One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, at which it was determined to transfer to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne (as the Body Corporate thereof) all the Powers and Property vested in the said Commissioners by virtue of the said first and second recited Acts: And whereas by an Indenture or Deed of Transfer, dated the said Seventh Day of February One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, all the Powers by the said first and second recited Acts or either of them vested in the Commissioners for putting and carrying into execution the same Acts, and all and every the several Plots of Land, Market Place, Town Hall, Buildings, Lands, Messuages, and Hereditaments, and Real and Personal Estate whatsoever, of the said Commissioners, were transferred and assigned unto the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the said Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne, and their Successors, to the Intent that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and their Successors, should thenceforth be the Trustee for executing by the Council of the Borough the several Powers and Provisions of such Acts : And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Validity of the said Transfer of the Powers and Property conferred on and vested in the said Commissioners by the said first and second recited Acts : And whereas it is expedient that such Doubts should

487

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxv.

be removed, and that the Powers and Property vested in the said Commissioners, and in any Committee appointed out of the Body of the said Commissioners, by virtue of the said first and second recited Acts, should be effectually transferred to and vested in the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne : And whereas the Municipal Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne, as referred to and described in the said recited Charter of Incorporation, comprises certain Parts of the Audenshaiv Division of the Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne not originally included within the Provisions of the said first and second recited Acts, and it would be attended with public Advantage if the Powers and Provisions of this Act were extended over the whole of the said Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne, as referred to and described in the said Charter of Incorporation: And whereas the Powers at present possessed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne have been found defective, and the Market Place is insufficient for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts recjuire in other respects to be amended and enlarged : And whereas for the aforesaid and other Purposes it is expedient that the said first and second recited Acts should be repealed, and that other and further Powers should be granted in lieu thereof; but these Objects cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first and second recited Acts shall from and after the passing of this Act be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Conveyances, Assurances, Contracts, Mortgages, Bonds, Engagements, Liabilities, Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things heretofore made, done, executed, entered into, or undertaken by or with the Commissioners acting under and by virtue of the said first and second recited Acts, or by or with the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the said Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne as Trustee or Trustees for executing the said Acts in pursuance of the Deed of Transfer before recited, and ail Hates, Assessments, and Orders for the Payment of any Money made under and by virtue of the said Acts or either of them, shall be in full Force and Effect, and may be enforced, levied, and recovered by or against the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses as the Corporation of the said Borough in the same Manner as if such Conveyances, Assurances, Contracts, Mortgages, Bonds, Engagements, Liabilities, Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things had been respectively made, done, executed, entered into, incurred, or undertaken, and as if such several Rates, Assessments, and Sums of Money had respectively been made, ordered, and become due, under and by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all the Messuages, Lands, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of whatsoever Tenure or Description, and also all the Monies, Debts, Deeds, Books, Writings, and Personal Estate whatsoever, belonging to

or

First and Second recited Acts repealed.

Existing Contracts and Liabilities under recited Acts reserved.

Vesting Property of Commissioners in Corporation.

0J7 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxv.

or vested in, or which may be held to belong to or to be vested in, the Commissioners appointed by and acting under the said first and second recited Acts, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the said Borough; and all Persons who shall then owe or be subject to any Liability, whether immediate or future, to pay any Monies to the said Commissioners, shall pay the same, with all Interest (if any) due or to accrue due thereon, to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, for the Purposes of this Act.

Limits of

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend to and include

Act- so much and such Part of the Parish of As/iton-under-Lyne as consists

of and is known by the Name of " The Ashton Town's Division otherwise Ashton Town," being the District comprehended within the Boundary of the Parliamentary Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne (excepting such Part thereof as is comprised within the Limits of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the lteign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Stalybridge), and also so much and such Part of the Audenshaw Division of the said Parish as lies between the said Parliamentary Borough and the County of Chester, which extended Limits are described in the said Charter of Incorporation, and shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyiie; and all the Powers, Provisions, and Authorities in this Act contained shall extend to and be executed and put in force within such Limits or Boundaries.

Council to V. And be it enacted, That all the Powers, Privileges, and Audio-carry this rities hereby conferred upon the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Act into t|,e borough shall be held, exercised, and enjoyed by the Council ixetu ion, Bie said Borough for the Time being.

and to ap-

VI. And be it enacted, That for the more conveniently carrying

point Com- this Act into execution it shall be lawful for the Council of the said that Purpose Borough, and they are hereby empowered to appoint out of their Body from Time to Time One or more Committee or Committees, consisting of such Number of Persons as they may think fit, to manage, transact, and carry into effect all or any of the Matters and Purposes which the said Council are hereby directed or authorized to do, execute, or perform; which Committee or Committees shall have such or so many of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the said Council as the said Council shall think fit or proper to delegate to such Committee or Committees.

Contracts

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor, may be en- Aldermen, and Burgesses from Time to Time to contract and agree tcred into, with any Person or Corporation for performing any of the Works by this Act authorized to be made or executed, and all Contracts so to be entered into shall be reduced into Writing, and sealed with the Common Seal of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and the same shall be signed by the Person or sealed with the Common Seal of the Corporation contracting to perform such Works, and shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and

489

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxv.

the Time when such Works shall be done and completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Nonperformance thereof, and a Copy of such Contract shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Town Clerk for that Purpose; and it shall be lawful for the Mayor,

Aldermen, and Burgesses to take such Bond or other Security from every Contractor for the due Performance of his Contract as they shall think sufficient; and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses may cause the Works to be done in pursuance of such Contract to be inspected by such Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint; and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Contract, or shall not be finished and completed at or within the Time to be by any such Contract limited for completing the same, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses may have and pursue all the Remedies provided by the said Contract, and may cause any Action at Law or Suit in Equity to be brought in their Name against the Party so contracting and neglecting to perform such Contract, and his Sureties (if any), for Fulfilment of such Contract, and for any Injury suffered or sustained by the Want of due Performance thereof; and upon proving the Execution of the Contract, and Security (if any), and the Nonperformance thereof, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall be entitled to and shall recover such Penalty or Damage as may be awarded, with full Costs of Suit.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Power to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses to compound and agree with compound any Person or Corporation who shall have entered into any such Con- Jjf^omracts tract or Security for the Performance thereof in pursuance or under

the Authority of this Act, or against whom any Action or Suit shall be brought for any Penalty contained in such Contract or Security, or for or on account of any Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contract or Security, for such Sums of Money or other Recompence as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall think proper.

IX. And be it enacted, That, except where a different Mode of Service of Service is provided, any Notice which by this Act may be required Notices, to be given to any Person may lawfully be served by delivering the same to such Person at his Place of Residence or Business, or by affixing or leaving the same on or at his usual or last known Place of Residence or Business.

X. And be it enacted, That in all legal Proceedings under this Release of Act it shall be lawful for the Town Clerk, by the Order of the Witnesses. Council, to execute general or other Releases for the Purpose of qualifying any Person in the Service of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, or of the Council, to give Evidence as a Witness, and every such Release shall be under the Hand of the Town Clerk.

XI. And be it enacted, That the several Provisions of the Com- Certain Pro-rnissioners Clauses Act, 184<7, with respect to the Appointment and visions of Accountability of the Officers of the Commissioners, and with respect ® nAn'0* to the Accounts to be kept by the Commissioners, and with respect to porate^wiVu the making of Bye Laws, and with respect to giving Notices and this Act.

CLocal.-\ ' 6 H Orders.

490 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxv.

Orders, shall, save and except as to the Appointment, Powers, and Duties of Auditors, be incorporated with this Act, and shall apply to the Appointment and Accountability of the Officers of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and the Accounts to be kept under this Act.

Auditors

XII. And be it enacted, That the Auditors appointed from Time

appointed to Time for the said Borough under the Powers of the said recited

ers^of Acts' Acts the Fifth anc' Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty ZWt. King William the Fourth, and of the Seventh Year of the Reign of C. 76. and His said Majesty and First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, 7 W.4-.&_ or either of the said Acts, shall be the Auditors of the Accounts to tVbTAudi- ke kept under this Act, and shall have the same Powers and perform tors under the same Duties in relation to such Accounts as are by the said last-this Act. recited Acts or either of them conferred or imposed on such Auditors in relation to the Accounts therein referred to.

to & n Vict.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Towns Improvement Clauses c. 34. incor- 1847, the Town Police Clauses Act, 1847, and the Markets t'hi^Act"111' an(l Fail's Clauses Act, 1847, shall, except in so far as herein varied or otherwise provided for, be incorporated with and form Part of this Act.

XIV. And be it enacted, That nothing contained herein, or in any of the Acts incorporated herewith, shall authorize the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses to acquire any Lands compulsorily, nor to construct any new Cisterns, Pumps, Conduits, or other Waterworks for the gratuitous Supply of Water to the Inhabitants within the Borough, except in substitution for existing public Cisterns, Pumps, Wells, Conduits, and other Waterworks (if any) so used at the Time of the passing of this Act.

Power to

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor, erect Lamps. Aldermen, and Burgesses from Time to Time to provide such Lamps, Lamp Irons, and Lamp Posts as they shall judge necessary, and to cause the same to be set up in the Streets and other public Places in the said Borough, or to be affixed upon or against the Walls or Palisadoes of all or any of the several Houses or Buildings, with the Consent of the Owners of such Houses or Buildings, or upon or against any other Walls, or in or upon such other Places within the said Borough, and to be altered or taken down and renewed in such Manner as they shall think fit, and to cause such Lamps or any of them to be kept lighted, either with Gas, Oil, or otherwise, at such Times as to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall seem necessary or proper for the well and sufficiently lighting of the said Borough.

Power to

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor, make Gas. Aldermen, and Burgesses (in case they shall deem it expedient to light the said Borough with Gas without contracting for the same) to set up and establish a Manufactory of Gas, with all necessary Works and Apparatus requisite for the same, and to purchase from any Person or Corporation who shall be willing to sell the same any

Buildings,

Lands not to be taken without Consent.

401

12° & 13° VICTOR IiE, Cop.xxxv.

Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Borough, or within any Part of the said Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne near or contiguous to the said Borough, not exceeding One Statute Acre, for the Purpose of erecting Works and Apparatus for the Manufacture of Gas for the Purpose of lighting the said Borough, but not for manufacturing or preparing Gas for Sale, or with any Power to sell the Gas so manufactured or prepared.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Provisions of the Gasworks Certain Pro-Clauses Act, 1S47, with respect to the breaking up of Streets for the visions of Purpose of laying Pipes, and with respect to the Provision for c°]&5 Vn'^' guarding against fouling Water or other Nuisance from the Gas, and n'orated with with respect to Waste or Misuse of the Gas, or Injury to the Pipes this Act. and other Works, shall, in so far as such Provisions are applicable to

Cases where Gas is not manufactured for Sale or private Consumption, be incorporated with this Act.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully Penalty for or maliciously break, throw down, or otherwise damage any Lamp, breaking Lamp Iron, or Lamp Post already put up or that shall be put up fu‘J[nps Wll‘ for the Purpose of lighting any Part of the said Borough, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light of any such Lamp, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, in addition to the Amount of Damage done.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall carelessly or Damages for accidentally break, throw down, or damage any such Lamp, Lamp La,nPs Iron, or Lamp Post, and shall not, upon Demand, make Satisfaction t®|" acci" for the Damage done thereto, such Person shall, upon Conviction

thereof before any Justice of the Peace, pay the Amount of such Damage as the same shall be ascertained by such Justice, and the same may be recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties under this Act.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any Street or Part of a Street, Streets to whether the same be a public Highway or not, and whether the same be sewered, be already or shall at any Time hereafter be laid out and opened to [f^ned ’ and the Public within the saitl Borough, be not or shall not be sufficiently flagged.’ sewered, drained, levelled, flagged, paved, and otherwise completed

to the Satisfaction of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, it shall be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses at any Time, and from Time to Time after the passing of this Act, notwithstanding the Provisions of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, incorporated herewith, to order that any such Street or Part thereof shall be freed from Obstruction, sewered, drained, levelled, flagged, paved, and otherwise completed according to such Plan, on such Level, in such Manner, of such Materials, and within such Time as they shall direct, and thereupon the respective Owners of the Buildings and Lands lying alongside of or adjoining to such Street or Part of a Street (notwithstanding any Part of such Street may include, pass over, lie opposite, or be adjacent to any Cross or other Street, or any Part thereof,) shall, according to such Plan, on such Level, of such Materials, within such Time, and in such Manner as shall be expressed in such Order, at their respective Charges and Expenses, remove all

Obstructions,

492 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxv.

Obstructions, and well and sufficiently sewer, drain, level, flag, pave, and otherwise complete such Street, so far as the same extends along their respective Buildings or Lands; and in the event of such Owners or any of them making default in the due Execution of such Work within such Time as aforesaid, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses may cause such Work to he executed, and may recover the Expense incurred by them in respect thereof in the Manner directed by the Provisions of the Towns improvement Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to ensuring the Execution of the Works by that or the special Act required to he done by the Owners or Occupiers of Houses or Lands, so far as such Provisions apply to the Recovery of the Expense of Works required to be done by Owners, and except in so far as such Provisions authorize the Recovery of such Expense by Drainage Rates.

Drainage

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Expense of making, maintaining,

of Houses, repairing, and cleansing the Drains or Pipes authorized by the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, for the Drainage of Houses and Buildings, and their Areas, Water-closets, Privies, and Offices, shall be defrayed by the Owners of such Houses and Buildings, instead of by Drainage Rates; and in the event of such Owners or any of them making default in the Execution of such Work, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses may cause such Work to be executed, and may recover the Expense incurred by them in respect thereof in the Manner directed by the Provisions of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to ensuring the Execution of the Works by that or the special Act required to be done by the Owners or Occupiers of Houses or Lands, so far as such Provisions apply to the Recovery of the Expense of W orks required to be done by Owners, and except in so far as such Provisions authorize the Recovery of such Expense by Drainage Rates.

Drains not

XXII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall U) flow into authorize any Drainage into any Canal within the Limits of this Act.

Expenses

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in case the Owner of any unoccu-may be re- pied or unproductive Land or Ground adjoining to any Street which o'cojpfers m 01 an)' *>al t " Itich shall be ordered by the Mayor, Aldermen, and of Houses in Burgesses to be sewered, drained, levelled, flagged, or paved, shall the Hear of also be the Owner of any Houses or Buildings at the Rear of and unoccupied adjoining such unoccupied or unproductive Land or Ground, the l/Jionuiiv' to OccuP'ers of such Houses or Buildings shall be liable to the Payment of all the Charges and Expenses of removing Obstructions, and sewering, draining, levelling, flagging, paving, and otherwise completing the Street or Part thereof comprised in such Order, in the same Manner, to the same Extent, and with the same Right of Relief against such Owner as if such Houses and Buildings adjoined such Street or Part of a Street, and as if such Charges and Expenses had been hereby imposed upon such Owner or the Owner of such Houses and Buildings.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That when and so soon as any Street already made or hereafter to be made within the said Borough shall have been sewered, drained, levelled, flagged, paved, and otherwise completed to the Satisfaction of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses,

then the same Owner.

Streets may he declared Highways.

12" & 13" VICTORIA, 493

then and in each such Case it shall be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and they are hereby required, to certify and declare the same to be a public Highway, and after such Certificate and Declaration the same shall be a public Highway; and the same, together with the Main Sewer under the same, shall be for ever afterwards repaired and repairable as such out of the Highway Rate herein-after provided; and every such Certificate and Declaration shall be recorded in the Books of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses.

XXV. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of maintaining Providing and repairing the present Highways within the Borough when so for Highway sewered, drained, levelled, flagged, paved, and otherwise completed Jte‘ to the Satisfaction of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses as aforesaid, and such of the present and future Streets as shall from Time to Time be declared public Highways as aforesaid, and the Main Sewers under the same, it shall be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, when and so often as they shall think necessary, to order and direct a Rate or Assessment, to be called the " Highway Rate," to be made and levied upon the Occupiers of all Messuages, Houses, Shops,

Workshops, Offices, Counting-houses, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, Manufactories, Foundries, Breweries, Mills, Stables, Coach-houses,

Collieries, Canals, Railways, Gasworks, Waterworks, Buildings, Erections, Yards, Gardens, Curtilages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever already built, erected, or situate, or which shall hereafter be built, erected, or situate, within the said Borough, according to the full net annual Value of the same respectively (excepting as herein-after mentioned), anything contained herein or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding j provided that the said Rate hereby authorized to be made as aforesaid, called the Highway Rate, shall not in any One Year exceed the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound upon such annual Value.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That nothing in the Towns Improve- Council ment Clauses Act, 1847, incorporated herewith, contained, shall not to levy authorize the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses to levy any Drainage f)ewer or Rates, special Sewer Rates, general Sewer Rates, or Rates for private Rates/' Improvement Expenses, except in so far as specially granted by this Act, or to recover the Expense of making or maintaining Streets,

Sewers, or House Drains, so far as provided for herein, otherwise than is hereby prescribed.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and As to Burgesses shall not be bound to make any Compensation on account Removal of of the Removal or Alteration of any Obstructions or Projections 0bstructions which may have been erected or placed against or in front of any t!Tpassin0r House or Building, or in or across any Street, before the passing of of Act. this Act, if the same shall have been so erected or placed since the passing of the said first-recited Act.

XXVIII. And whereas a Market Place within the said Borough Power to has for some Time been completed and used by the Public, and it is extend and expedient that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses should have Market Power to extend the same, and to erect additional Market Places, Places, a-c. [Local.] 6 I and

494

Power to lease Market Dues.

Penalty on Sale of unsound Meat.

Power to Council to levy Improvement Rates.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxv.

and also to complete and extend the Town Hall and other public Buildings : Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses out of the Monies to be raised by them under the Authority of this Act to complete and, if they think necessary, extend the Town Hall and other public Buildings and Erections connected therewith, as also to extend the present Market Place of the Borough, and, if they think fit, to erect and maintain an additional Market Place or Market Places with all necessary Conveniences in connexion therewith, and from Time to Time to remove, enlarge, and alter the Form, Situation, and Extent of the said Market Places or any of them, and to make Conduits, Reservoirs, and Cisterns within or near the said Market Places, and to lay down all necessary Pipes from the same in and through the Streets for conveying Water for the Supply of the said Market Places, and to levy from all Persons using the said present, extended, or additional Market Places any Stallages, Rents, and Tolls not exceeding those specified in the Schedule hereto annexed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall give to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses the Power of erecting Markets or taking Tolls within any Part of the Audenshaw Division lying within the Borough as aforesaid; and the Right of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses to erect Markets and take Tolls, and all the Clauses contained herein and incorporated herewith relating to Markets, Tolls, and Fairs shall extend to and include only so much of the Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne as consists of and is known by the Name of the Ashton Town's Division otherwise Ashton Town as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses to lease the whole or any of the Stalls, Standings, or other Places of Sale in the said Market Places, and the whole or any Part of the Stallages, Rents, and Tolls which may arise or become due from or in respect of the said Markets, Fairs, and Market Places, to any Person who shall be willing to take the same, either by public Auction or private Contract, for such Time not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, at such Rent, upon such Perms and Conditions, and with such Security, as shall be agreed upon between the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses and the Lessee.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the Provisions of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to Slaughter-houses, so far as they relate to the Prevention of the Sale of Meat unfit for the Food of Man, shall extend and apply to all unsound or unwholesome Meat and to all Places where the same may be found, whether in the said Market Places or in other Houses, or in the Possession of Hawkers.

XXXI. And, in order to raise Money for carrying into execution the Purposes of this Act, so far as not otherwise provided for herein or in the Acts incorporated herewith, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, when and so often as they shall think necessary, to order and direct a Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made and levied upon the Occupiers of all Messuages, Houses, Shops, Workshops, Offices,

495

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxv.

Counting-houses, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, Manufactories, Foundries, Breweries, Mills, Stables, Coach-houses, Collieries, Canals, Railways, Gasworks, Waterworks, Buildings, Erections, Yards, Gardens, Curtilages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever already built, erected, or situate, or which shall hereafter be built, erected, or situate, within the said Borough (except as herein-after mentioned), according to the full net annual Value of the same respectively (except as also herein-after mentioned), anything contained herein or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Rates and Assessments shall not exceed in any One Year the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound upon such annual Value, in addition to any other Rates which the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses are or may be authorized to levy by this or any other Act.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of any Rate to be made or levied under the Provisions of this Act, all Lands covered with Water and used as a Canal and any Towing Path to the same, and all Lands used as a Railway constructed under the Powers of any Act of Parliament for public Conveyance, shall be assessed and liable in the Proportion of One Fourth Part only of the net annual Value of such Lands respectively: Provided nevertheless, that all Lands and Buildings of whatever Description, whether belonging to Railway or Canal Companies or not, shall be assessed and liable to the several Rates leviable under this Act according to the full net annual Value thereof respectively, excepting only Lands forming the Lines of such Railways, Canals, and Towing Paths as aforesaid, and the Sheds covering the same or the Platforms connected therewith; and provided also, that if during the present or any future Session of Parliament any public or general Act shall pass for defining the Mode of assessing and rating Railways or Canals for parochial or local Purposes, the Provisions of which public or general Act shall be at variance with the Provisions relative to the Assessment and rating of Railways and Canals contained in this Act, then and in such Case from and after the passing of such public or general Act all Railways and Canals assessable and rateable according to the Provisions of this Act shall cease to be so assessable and rateable, and shall thenceforth become assessable and rateable in accordance with the Provisions of and on the Principles and in the Proportions specified in such public or general Act.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That where the yearly Rent of the rateable Property occupied by any Tenant shall not exceed Five Pounds, the Owner of such Property shall be rated to and shall pay the several Rates by this Act authorized instead of the Occupier thereof, and where such yearly Rent shall exceed Five Pounds the Occupier shall be rated to and shall pay the said Rates.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That where the full net annual Value of the rateable Property occupied by any Tenant shall be less than Ten Pounds, it shall be lawful to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses from lime to Time to compound with the Owner of such Property for any of the Rates payable in respect thereof at such Sum as they shall

Rating of Railways and Canals.

Owners of Houses under the Value of .5/. to pay Rates instead of Occupiers.

Owners of Houses under the Value of 10/. tnay compound for R ates.

41)(> 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxv.

shall think fit, and the Payment of the Sum so compounded for shall operate in all respects in the same Manner as Payment of the Rates in respect of which such Composition may have been made.

Additional XXXV. And, in addition to the Exemptions from Rates provided Exemption for ag aforesaid, be it enacted, That no Rate or Assessment other from Rates. tj,an t|le Highway Rate shall be made in pursuance of this Act upon any Person or Corporation in respect of his or their being the Occupier or Owner of any Lands, Houses, Buildings, or Hereditaments whatsoever situate at a Distance exceeding Two hundred Yards from any Street or Part of a Street within the Borough, which Street or Part of a Street shall be lighted and watched by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses.

If Rate

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That in the event of any of the

quashed. Rates or Assessments hereby authorized being quashed in manner

make nel- herein-before provided for, it shall be lawful to the Mayor, Aldermen,

Kate. and Burgesses forthwith to make and levy a new Rate or Assess-

ment in the same Manner as if the Rate or Assessment so quashed had never been made, and such new Rate or Assessment shall be held to have been made of the same Date as the Rate or Assessment so quashed.

Power to

XXXVII. And whereas the Commissioners appointed by the said borrow first and second recited Acts were thereby empowered to borrow any

Money. Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole at any one Time

the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds : And whereas the said Commissioners for the Execution of the Purposes of the said Acts have been obliged to borrow, in addition to the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, a Sum of One thousand six hundred Pounds: And whereas the Expenses of obtaining the said Charter of Incorporation are still unpaid : Be it enacted, That for the Purpose of enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses to defray the Expenses attending the obtaining of this Act, and to pay off and discharge the said Sums of Ten thousand Pounds and One thousand six hundred Pounds, and the Expense of the said Charter, and to carry into effect the several other Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for them from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the whole or such Parts as they may think fit of the several Rates, Assessments, Stallages, Rents, and Tolls by this Act granted (excepting the Highway Rate), and of the Borough Rate and Borough Fund, and of the Market Places, Town Hall, and other Hereditaments, Premises, and Property whatsoever vested in or belonging to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, any Sum or Sums of Money which they may deem necessary, the Sums so borrowed and owing at any one Time not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds; and for securing the Repayment of the Monies so to be borrowed, with Interest, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses may release, mortgage, and assign in security the whole or such Parts as they may think fit of the several Rates, Assessments, Stallages, Rents, and Tolls by this Act granted (excepting as aforesaid), and of the Borough Rate and Borough Fund, and of the Market Places, Town Hall, and other Hereditaments, Premises, and Property whatsoever vested in or

belonging

407

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Gy).xxxv.

belonging to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, to the Person who shall advance or lend such Money, or his Trustee, as a Security for the Repayment of the Money so borrowed, together with Interest for the same: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be held to alter, affect, or diminish any Security or Mortgage granted for Money borrowed under the Authority of the Acts first and second before recited, but that the same, so long as they subsist, shall remain good, valid, and effectual, and shall have Priority and be preferable to any Securities or Mortgages which shall be granted by virtue of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Provisions of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the Mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners, shall (except in so far as relates to the Appropriation and Investment of a Sinking Fund for paying off Monies borrowed) be incorporated with this Act; and that the Powers therein contained of borrowing Money, and charging the Rates and other Property therewith, in order to pay off and discharge previously existing Securities, may from Time to Time be exercised by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, whether or not such Money can be borrowed at a lower Rate of Interest than such existing Securities shall bear.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That all Monies whatsoever which shall be levied, borrowed, or otherwise raised by Order of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses in virtue of this Act shall from Time to Time be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the Borough, and no Money shall be disbursed or paid by such Treasurer without an Order in Writing of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, signed by Three or more of the Council, and countersigned by the Town Clerk.

XL. And be it enacted, That all Documents which by this Act, or any of the other Acts partially incorporated herewith, may require Authentication by the Signature of the Commissioners or otherwise, shall be sufficiently authenticated by the Common Seal of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, excepting always Summonses, Demands, Notices, Orders for the Execution of Works, Releases to Witnesses, and other such Documents, which shall be sufficiently authenticated by the Signature of the Town Clerk.

XLI. And be it enacted, That all Rate Books and all Entries therein, and all Registers and Books of Proceedings, and other Books whatsoever, made and kept by Order of the Commissioners appointed by the said first and second recited Acts, or of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses as Trustees for executing the said Acts, or of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses under the Powers or for the Purposes of this Act, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts and by all Judges, Justices, and others.

XLII. And be it enacted, That the Proprietors of all Reservoirs within the Borough shall, on Notice from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, well and sufficiently rail and fence off the same to such [Local.] 6 K Height

Certain Provisions of 10 & 11 Vict, c. 16 relating to Mortgages incorporated with this Act.

Treasurer to receive and pay Money by Order of Council.

Authentication of Documents.

Books to be Evidence.

Reservoirs to be fenced.

498

Expense of extinguishing Fires.

Houses not to be built in close Courts.

Penalty for using Dog Carts.

Penalty on discharging Smoke in Streets.

Penalty on selling Goods, &c. by Auction on Streets, &c.

As to driving Two Carts together.

Application of Damages and Penalties.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cop.xxxv.

Height (not exceeding Six Feet) on all Sides thereof as may be required by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and in such Manner as shall be sufficient for the Safety of the Public and the Prevention of Accidents.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the Provisions contained in the Town Police Clauses Act, 1847, as to the Recovery of the Expenses incurred in sending Firemen, Engines, and Appurtenances to extinguish Fires beyond the Limits of the special Act, and of a reasonable Charge for the Attendance and Use of such Firemen, Engines, and Appurtenances, from the Owners of the Lands or Buildings where such Fires shall have happened, and as to determining the Amount of such Expenses and Charge, shall extend and apply to all Cases of Fire, whether within or without the Limits of this Act.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to build any House in any Court, which Court shall not be at least Eight Yards wide at all Points, and the Passage or Entrance into which Court shall not be at least Six Feet wide and Eight Feet in Height from the Ground for the whole Length of such Passage or Entrance.

XLV. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall use any Dog for the Purpose of drawing or helping to draw any Cart, Carriage, Truck, or Barrow shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for the First Offence, and not exceeding Five Pounds for the Second or any following Offence.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall discharge any Smoke or Steam from any Building (otherwise than from the Top of the same) into any Street within the said Borough, the Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall sell or assist in selling by Auction any Goods, Wares, Merchandise, or other Effects whatsoever upon any Street or Footway within the Borough, without Authority in Writing from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Penalty, under the said Provisions hereby incorporated with this Act, for driving Two Carts or Waggons without having the Halter of the Horse in the last Cart or Waggon fastened to the Back of the first Cart or Waggon, provided such Person shall have a Chain or Rope, securely fastened and not exceeding Six Feet in Length, from the Shaft of the last Cart or Waggon to the Back of the first Cart or Waggon.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That all Damages, Penalties, Fees, and other Payments of which the Application is not otherwise specially directed in this Act (excepting any Penalties which may be imposed upon the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses themselves, or their Officers,)

499

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxv.

Officers,) shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the Borough on account of the Borough Fund, instead of being applied in the Manner provided by the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 184-7, or the Act therein referred to.

L. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be held to alter, diminish, or affect any of the Powers, Privileges, and Authorities vested in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses by or in pursuance of any of the Acts of Parliament now in force, or which may be hereafter enacted in relation to Municipal Corporations, or by or in pursuance of the aforesaid Charter of Incorporation; and, except in so far as herein otherwise provided, the said Powers, Privileges, and Authorities shall extend and apply to the Objects and Purposes of this Act, and may be exercised in the Execution of or otherwise in relation to such Purposes.

LI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses from Time to Time to make such Bye Laws as they may consider necessary for carrying into effect the several Purposes for which by this Act, or any of the Acts wholly or partially incorporated herewith, they are empowered to make Bye Laws; and it shall be sufficient Allowance or Confirmation of any Bye Laws which may be made in virtue hereof, or of any of the Acts incorporated herewith, if the same be approved under the Hand of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and a written or printed Copy of such Bye Laws, authenticated by the Common Seal of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, shall be sufficient Evidence of the Existence and due making and Confirmation of such Bye Laws: Provided always, that the Bye Laws now in force within the said Borough shall remain in force until the Bye Laws to be made under this Act be made and approved as aforesaid.

LII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to prejudice, lessen, or defeat any Right, Interest, Property, Power, Privilege, Franchise, or Authority of the Lord of the Manor of Ashton-under-Lyne for the Time being, but all and every such Rights, Interest, Property, Powers, Privileges, Franchises, and Authorities may be exercised and enjoyed in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the same were exercised and enjoyed before the passing of this Act.

LIII. And be it enacted, That, except as herein or in the said Acts incorporated herewith expressly provided, nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Privileges, Rights, Powers, Franchises, Hereditaments, or Authorities of or belonging to or vested in the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company, or the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, or the London and North-western Railway Company.

LIV. And be it enacted, That nothing contained herein or in any Act incorporated herewith shall prejudice, affect, diminish, or take away any Rights now vested in the Ashton Millowners Waterworks Company.

Reserving

Powers

conferred by

Municipal

Corporation

Acts.

Power to make Bye Laws.

Reserving Rights of the Lord of the Manor.

Reserving Rights of Railway Companies.

Reserving Rights of Millowners Waterworks Company.

500

Borough not to be exempt from Provisions of

11 & 12 Vict, c. 63.

Interpretation of Terms.

[Short Title.]

Expenses of Act.

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxv.

LV. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Borough from the Application thereto of the Provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, in the Manner therein provided, or of any general Act relating to that Act or to the Subject Matter thereof which may pass during the present or any future Session of Parliament.

LVI. And in addition to the Provisions relating to the Construction of this Act, and of the several Acts partially incorporated herewith, which are contained in the said last-mentioned Acts, be it enacted, That the following Words and Expressions in this Act, and in the said Acts so far as incorporated herewith, shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

The Word " Borough " shall mean the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne as defined in this Act:

The Expression "the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses" shall mean the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne incorporated by the foresaid Charter of Incorporation:

The Expression "the Council" shall mean the Council of the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne for the Time being appointed in virtue of the foresaid Charter of Incorporation, or of any Acts relating to Municipal Corporations:

The Expression "the Mayor" shall mean the Mayor for the Time being of the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne .- The Expressions " the Town Clerk" and "Clerk to the Commissioners" shall mean the Town Clerk for the Time being of the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne:

The Expressions " Borough Fund " and " Borough Rate " shall mean respectively the Borough Fund and Borough Rate of the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne:

The Expression " the Quarter Sessions" shall mean the Quarter Sessions for the County of Lancaster holden at Salford .- The Word " House" shall extend to any Building or Erection of whatever Description:

The Word " Person " shall comprehend the Heirs, Executors, or Assignees of any such Person.

LVII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments and Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Ashton-under-Lyne Improvement Act, 1849-"

LVIII. And be it enacted, That the Expenses of applying for and obtaining this Act, and in any way incident thereto, shall be defrayed out of the Monies already raised or which shall be hereafter raised by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, in preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

LIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cup.xxxv.

501

SCHEDULE.

From the Occupier of each Shop, according to the Size and Dimensions of the same; (that is to say,)

For each Superficial Foot thereof, inside Measure,

If taken by the Year, the Sum of

Half Year, the Sum of -Quarter, the Sum of For each Market Day, or other Day in the Week, the Sum of -

From the Occupier of each Butcher’s Stall, according to the Size and Dimensions of the same; (that is to say,)

For each Superficial Foot thereof,

If the Stall or Passage in front thereof be covered over from the Weather,

If taken by the Year, the Sum of

Half Year, the Sum of -Quarter, the Sum of If not covered over as above,

If taken by the Year, the Sum of

Half Year, the Sum of -

Quarter, the Sum of If otherwise taken or occupied,

If covered over as above,

For each Market Day, or other Day in the Week, the Sum of If not covered over as above.

For each Market Day, or other Day in the Week, the Sum of -

From the Occupier of each Stand for Vegetables or other Articles raised above the Ground with progressive Steps or Benches, according to the Size and Dimensions of the same; (that is to say,)

For each Superficial Foot thereof.

If the Stand and Passage in front be covered over from the Weather,

If taken by the Year, the Sum of

Half Year, the Sum of Quarter, the Sum of If not covered over as above,

If taken by the Year, the Sum of

Half Year the Sum of Quarter, the Sum of If otherwise taken or occupied,

If covered over as above,

£ s. d.

0 6 8

0 3 4

0 1 8

0 0 2

6 0 3 0 1 6

0 12 o u

Week, the Sum of [Local.]

6 L

- 0 5 0

- 0 2 6

- 0 1 3

. 0 4 0

- 0 2 0

' 0 1 0

in the

" 0 0 If

502

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxx.

I f not covered over as above, £ s. d.

For each Market Day, or other Day in the

Week, the Sum of - - - -001

From the Occupier of each other Stand or Bench, according to the Size and Dimensions of the same; (that is to say,)

For each Superficial Foot thereof,

If the Stand or Bench, and the Passage in front thereof, be covered over from the Weather,

If taken by the Year, the Sum of - - 0 5 0

Half Year, the Sum of - - 0 2 (j

Quarter, the Sum of - - 0 1 3

If not covered over as above,

If taken by the Year, the Sum of - - 0 4 0

Half Year, the Sum of - - 0 2 0

Quarter, the Sum of - - 0 1 0

If otherwise taken or occupied,

If covered over as above,

For each Market Day, or other Day in the

Week, the Sum of - - - -001^

If not covered over as above,

For each Market Day, or other Day in the

Week, the Sum of - - - - 0 0 1

From the Occupier of each Compartment or Space on the Surface of the Ground, according to the Size and Dimensions of the same; (that is to say,)

For each Superficial Foot thereof,

If the Compartment and the Passage surrounding the same be covered over from the Weather,

If taken by the Year, the Sum of - - 0 3 10

Half Year, the Sum of - - 0 1 H

Quarter, the Sum of - - 0 0 llj

If not covered over as above,

If taken by the Year, the Sum of - - 0 3 0

Half Year, the Sum of - 0 1 ()

Quarter, the Sum of - - 0 0 9

If otherwise taken or occupied,

If covered over as above,

For each Market Day, or other Day in the

Week, the Sum of - - - - 0 0 1

If not covered over as above,

For each Market Day, or other Day in the Week,

the Sum of - - - - 0 0

from the Occupier of each Standing in the Fisli Markets, according to the Size and Dimensions of the same; (that is to say,)

For each Superficial Foot thereof,

If taken by the Year, the Sum of -Half Year, the Sum of Quarter, the Sum of

0 6 8

0 3 4

0 1 8

If

12° & 13° VICTORIA, xxxv. 503

If otherwise taken or occupied, £ s. d.

For each Market Day, or other Day in the Week,

the Sum of - - - - 0 0 If

From every Person standing or walking in any open Space in the Market Place, and exposing to Sale any Cutlery,

Hardware, Mercery, Smallware, or Goods of any Kind, per Day - - - - - -010

The above-mentioned Tolls and Stallages in the said Markets and Fairs to be paid in respect of the Occupation of any Shop, Stall, Stand, Bench, Compartment, or Space of Ground as well by the original Taker or Occupier thereof for a Part or Portion of the Day as by any subsequent Taker or Occupier of the same for any other Part or Portion of the Day or Space of Time.

For each Cart Load of Hay, Straw, Grass, Vetches, or other Article, Commodity, or Thing exposed for public Sale, if drawn by One Horse or other Beast, per Day, the Sum of- - - - -009

If drawn by Two or more Horses or other Beasts, per Day, the Sum of- - - -010

For each Waggon Load of Hay, Straw, Grass, Vetches, or other Article, Commodity, or Thing exposed for public Sale, the Sum of - - - - -016

For the Exposure to Sale of Horses or other Beasts, Cattle, or Pigs, as follows; (that is to say,)

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding ...

Colt or Filly ...

Mule or Ass ....

Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, or Steer

Calf ....

Score of Sheep or Lambs And so in proportion for any greater or less Number; and One or more, not exceeding Five, to be paid for as One Quarter of a Score.

For every live Swine or Pig -

For weighing every Piece of Meat or Thing weighing not exceeding Twenty Pounds Avoirdupois - - - 0 0 0^

For weighing every Piece of Meat or Thing weighing more than Twenty Pounds and not exceeding One hundred Pounds ... -001

And so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Hundred Pounds Weight over and above One hundred Pounds Weight.

For

0 3 0

0 1 6

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 2 6

0 0 2

504 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxv.

For measuring every Quantity of Goods and Things sold £ s. d.

by Measure, not exceeding One Bushel - - - 0 0 Qi

For measuring every Quantity more than a Bushel and not exceeding Two Bushels - - - - 0 0 1

And for every Bushel beyond Two Bushels - - 0 0 0}

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act to extend the Provisions and enlarge the Powers of the Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks Act, 1847.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for supplying with Water certain Parts of the Staffordshire Potteries, and the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme, and several Townships and Places adjoining or near thereto, whereby a Company was incorporated by the Name of " The Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks Company," and was empowered to supply with Water the District included within the Limits of the said Act: And whereas under and by virtue of the said recited Act the Company were authorized to raise for the Purposes thereof the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds by the Issue of Shares, and a farther Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds by borrowing on Mortgage or Bond; and the Sum of Forty-five thousand Pounds or thereabouts, Part of such Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, has been raised and expended by the Company in the Construction of certain Portions of the Works by the said recited Act authorized to be made, but the said Works have not yet been completed: And whereas the several Towns, Hamlets, and Places after mentioned, in or near the Staffordshire Potteries are inadequately supplied with Water; and the Construction of Reservoirs, Aqueducts, and other Works for supplying the same with pure Water would be of [Local.] 6 M great

10 & 11 Vict, c. 204.

506 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Ccip.xxxvi.

great Advantage, Comfort, and Convenience to the Inhabitants thereof: And whereas the Company are willing to carry the said Undertaking into execution; but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Recited Act Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the incorporated saicj recited Act, and the several Acts incorporated therewith, shall, With this Act. so far ag not inconsistent with or not otherwise provided by this Act, be incorporated with and form Part of this Act.

[Short Title.]

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, Deeds, and Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression "The Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks Extension Act, 1849."

Interpreta-

III. And be it enacted, That the Expression " the Company " in this tion- Act shall mean the Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks Company

incorporated by the said recited Act.

Limits of

IV. And be it enacted, That the Limits of this Act shall comprise Act> and include the Towns of Longton and Lane End, and the several

Townships, Hamlets, or Yills of Normacot, Meir, and Blurton, all in the County of Stafford.

Power to raise additional Capital by Creation of new Shares.

V. And whereas the estimated Expense of the Works by this Act authorized, including the Purchase of Lands, is Ten thousand Pounds: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to raise for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to any Sums which they are already authorized to raise, any further Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, by the Creation of new Shares or Stock of the Company, upon such Terms and in such Manner as may have been or may be agreed upon at any General Meeting of the Company specially called for the Purpose; and the new Shares or Stock created by the Company under the Powers of this Act shall become Part of the general Capital of the Company: Provided always, that in the Creation of such new Shares or Stock, no preference or guaranteed Shares, to have priority over the original Shares, shall be created or issued.

Votes of YI. And be it enacted, That the Proprietors of the new Shares created Proprietors under the Powers of this Act shall be entitled to such Number of Shanr Votes in respect thereof as the Amount of Capital represented by such Shares would entitle them to under the said recited Act.

Calls.

VII. And be it enacted, That One Pound per Share shall be the

greatest Amount of any One Call which the Company may make on the Holders of Shares created by this Act, and Three Months at least shall be the Interval between successive Calls.

Power to

borrow

Money

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to borrow on Mortgage or Bond any Sums of Money not exceeding in

the

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxxi.

the whole the Sum of Three thousand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence; but no Part of such Sum shall be borrowed until the whole of the said Capital of Ten thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed for, and One Half thereof shall have been actually paid up.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Mortgages or Bonds made or granted by the Company before the passing of this Act, and which shall be in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall, during the Continuance thereof, have Priority over any Mortgages or Bonds to be made or granted in virtue of this Act.

X. And whereas Plans and Sections describing the Line and Situation of the Reservoir at or near Tunstall in the Parish of Wolstanton, and other intended Works, and the Lands in or through which the same are to be made and maintained, and a Book of Reference containing the Names of the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of such Lands respectively, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Stafford: Be it enacted, That such Plans, Sections, and Book of Reference shall be kept by the said Clerk of the Peace, who shall permit all Persons to inspect the same at all seasonable Times, and shall make out Copies and Extracts therefrom for all Persons requiring the same, on being paid the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words copied.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, with the Consent of the Most Noble George Granville Duke and Earl of Sutherland under his Hand and Seal, and subject to the Provisions and Restrictions contained in this and the said recited Act and in the Acts incorporated therewith, from Time to Time to divert and alter the Course of and to take and use the Waters of the several Springs described on the said Plans as intended to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, and situated in or upon Lands belonging to the said Duke and Earl of Sutherland at or near Meir in the Parish of Caverswall, and at or near Nomiacot in the Parish of Stone, and to convey such Waters, by Pipes, Aqueducts, or Conduits, into a Reservoir or Reservoirs constructed or to be constructed at or near Meir and Norniacot aforesaid.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, if they shall think proper so to do, to purchase or take on Lease from the said Duke and Earl of Sutherland all his Estate and Interest of and in a certain Reservoir situated at or near Meir aforesaid, and known by the Name of the Meir Reservoir, and of and in a certain other Reservoir situated at or near Normacot aforesaid, and known by the Name of the Furnace Reservoir, and also of and in the Buildings, Mains, Pipes, and other Works and Property of whatever Kind belonging to or vested in the said Duke and Earl of Sutherland, and now used for the Purpose of supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the said Towns of Longton and Lane End and Places adjoining, and that for such Price and upon such Conditions as shall be mutually

agreed

507

on Mortgage-

Former Mortgages to have Priority.

Plans deposited with the Clerk of the Peace to be open for Inspection.

Company empowered to take certain Springs.

Company may purchase or lease existing Waterworks.

508

Consideration for Purchase or Lease of Waterworks may ha an annual Sum.

Company’ to perforin certain Acts required to be done by North Staffordshire Railway Company.

Power to’ construct Works according to deposited Plans.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxvi.

agreed upon between the said Duke and Earl of Sutherland and the Company.

XIII. And be it enacted, That, if the said Duke and Earl of Sutherland and the Company shall so agree, the Consideration for the Purchase or Lease of the said Springs of Water and the said Reservoirs, Works, and Property may be either solely or in part an annual Sum of Money payable by the Company either in Perpetuity or fora Term of Years; and if the Consideration for the said Springs of Water, Reservoirs, Works, and Property shall be an annual Sum of Money, such annual Sum shall be secured by the Bond of the Company in a sufficient Penalty, and shall constitute a Charge on the Capital of the Company in priority to any Charge to be created on the same Capital under this Act, or under any Act of Parliament relating to the Company which may be hereafter passed; and if at any Time such annual Sums be unpaid for Thirty Days after the Day of Payment thereof, then, in addition to any other Remedy consequent on such Charge, the same shall be recoverable from the Company, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt in any of the Superior Courts, or by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Company, which Distress may be managed, sold, and disposed of in like Manner, and with the like Powers in relation thereto, as Distresses for Rent reserved on common Demises are or for the Time being may be by Law managed, sold, and disposed of.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and after the said Duke and Earl of Sutherland shall have been authorized by Parliament to sell or grant a Lease of the Reservoir and Spring of Water referred to in the North Staffordshire Railway Act, 1847, and therein described as being situate in certain Lands of the said Duke and Earl of Sutherland in the Parish of Caverswall, the Company and their Successors and Assigns shall and they are hereby required thenceforth to perform and do all and every the Acts, Matters, and Things directed by the said last-mentionea Act to be performed and done by the North Staffordshire Railway Company with reference to the said Reservoir and Spring of Water; and the Company shall also at all Times and for ever thereafter indemnify the said Railway Company, and their Successors or Assigns, for all Damages, Costs, or Expenses suffered or sustained by them in consequence of the Non-performance of such Acts, Matters, and Things, or any of them.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, subject to the Provisions and Restrictions contained in this and the said recited Act, and in the Acts incorporated therewith, to make and maintain the said Reservoir and other intended Works in the Line and Situation and upon the Lands delineated on the said Plans and described in the said Book of Reference, and according to the Levels defined on the said Sections, and to enter upon, take, and use such of the Lands, Streams, and Waters described on the said Plans and in the said Book of Reference as shall be necessary for that Purpose, or to agree for a Lease of such Lands, Streams, and Waters, and to take therefrom such Water as the Company may require for the Purposes of this and the said recited Act.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. x\xvi.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Works authorized by this Act to be made shall he completed within Five Years from the passing of this Act; and on the Expiration of such Period the Powers granted by this and the said recited Act, and the Acts incorporated therewith, for executing such Works, or otherwise in relation thereto, shall cease to he exercised, except as to so much of the said Works as shall then he completed.

XVII. And be it enacted, That in the event of the Company constructing, under the Authority of this Act, any Works at or near the Meir Tunnel of the said North Staffordshire Railway, such Works shall be constructed under the Superintendence and to the Satisfaction of the Engineer for the Time being of the said North Staffordshire Railway Company; and after such Works shall be completed, all subsequent Alterations and Repairs thereupon shall be made and executed with the Consent, under the Superintendence, and to the Satisfaction of the Engineer of the said Railway Company for the Time being, and all such Works, Alterations, and Repairs shall be made, executed, and completed at the sole Risk of the Company, who shall be liable for all Damages occasioned by such Works, Alterations, and Repairs to any of the Works or Property of the said Railway Company.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Works shall be so constructed by the Company as to impede or interfere with the Traffic upon the said Railway, or if the said Traffic shall be impeded or interfered with in consequence of any Act or Omission of the Company, or any of their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, then the Company shall pay to the said Railway Company, as and by way of ascertained Damages, the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Hour during which such Impediment or Interruption shall continue; and in default of Payment of the Sum or Sums which may have been ascertained to be due in respect of such Damage, within Seven Days after Demand in Writing made by the Solicitor or Agent of the said Railway Company upon any Clerk or Officer of the Company, the said Railway Company may sue for and recover the same, together with full Costs of Suit, from the Company, by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XIX. And be it enacted, That nothing contained in this Act or in the Acts incorporated therewith shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to authorize the Company to purchase, take, or use any Land which the said Railway Company have already purchased or are authorized to purchase for the Purposes of their Railway or the Woi’ks connected therewith, without the Consent of the said Railway Company, such Consent to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary for the Time being of the said Railway Company.

XX. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, Privileges, or Authorities vested in the said Railway Company, but all their Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities under their several Acts of Parliament are hereby expressly reserved.

509

Period for Completion of Works.

Provision as to Works at the Meir Tunnel of the North Staffordshire Railway.

Penalty for impeding Traffic on the Railway.

Lands of Railway Company not to be taken.

Saving Rights of Railway Company.

510

Same Rates to be taken as in former Act.

Places

within Limits of former Act may be supplied under this Act.

Undertaking not to be exempt from Provisions of 11 & 12 Vict, c. 63.

Expenses of Act.

[Public Act.]

V2° & 13° VI CTO RLE, Cap. xxxvi.

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to demand and receive, for and in respect of any Water supplied under the Provisions of this Act, the same Rates as the Company are by the said recited Act authorized to demand and receive for and in respect of Water supplied under the Provisions of the said recited Act.

XXII. And whereas it may be more convenient and expedient to supply with Water certain Parts of the Districts comprised within the Limits of the said recited Act from the Works authorized by this Act to be constructed: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, if they shall think fit so to do, to supply with Water any of the Places particularly mentioned in or comprised within the Limits of the said recited Act, from and by means of the Works to be constructed under the Authority of this Act, or any Part thereof, and to demand and receive for the Water so supplied the same Rates as they are entitled to demand and receive for any Water to be supplied under the Provisions of this or the said recited Act.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Company from the Provisions of " The Public Health Act, 1848," or of any general Act relating thereto or to the Subject Matter thereof, which may pass during the present or any future Session of Parliament.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expenses incurred preparatory to and in the applying for, obtaining, and passing of this Act shall be paid by the Company out of the first Monies which shall come to their Hands, and in preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

XXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for granting farther Powers to the Conclon Gaslight Company.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act for in- T & 8 Vict. corporating the London Gaslight Company: And whereas by the c-95• said Act the Company were empowered to raise by Loan or Mortgage the Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, and the Company have raised such Sum on Loan or Mortgage, and the same is now due and owing: And whereas it is expedient that Power should be granted to the Company to convert the Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, borrowed and now due by the Company on Loan or Mortgage, into Capital, by the Creation of Shares bearing a guaranteed Rate of Dividend in preference to the existing Shares in the Company, and that the Money raised by such new Shares be wholly applied in paying off such Amount so due as aforesaid; and that some of the Provisions of the recited Act should be altered and enlarged; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia- Po"'er3 of inent assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the extend d* Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the recited this6 Act. l° [Local.'] 6 0 Act,

514

[Short Title.]

Certain Provisions in 8 & 9 Vict, c. 16. extended to this Act.

Power to raise the Money borrowed by Creation of new Shares.

A fixed Dividend to be paid on such new Shares;

but not to exceed 6/. per Cent, per Annum.

Limiting the Amount of Calls in respect of Shares.

Application of Money received for Shares.

1(2° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.\xxvii.

Act, so far as the same are now in force, and except such of them as are by this Act repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for, shall extend to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same Provisions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and the recited Act and this Act shall accordingly be construed and have effect as One Act.

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act for any Purpose whatsoever it shall be sufficient to use the Expression, " The London Gaslight Amendment Act, 1849."

III. And be it enacted, That the Clauses and Provisions of the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the borrowing of Money by the Company on Mortgage or Bond, and with respect to the Conversion of the borrowed Money into Capital, shall be incorporated with this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Company may raise the whole or any Part of the Sum of One hundred andt fifty thousand Pounds borrowed and now due by the Company by creating new Shares: Provided always, that the Amount which the Company may borrow shall not be by this Act increased.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, with the Authority of a General or Special General Council, to declare that the Holders of such new Shares shall be entitled to a fixed Dividend or Interest of such Amount or at such Rates as shall be determined at such Council, and to be paid in preference to any Dividend to the Holders of any of the then existing preferential or other Shares in the Company, and the Company are hereby authorized to pay such Dividend or Interest accordingly: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the Company to fix or pay any larger Amount of Dividend or Interest as aforesaid on such new Shares than after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum; provided also, that any such fixed Dividend or Interest shall not be paid in preference to any Dividend on any Class of preferential Shares without the Consent of Three Fifths in Value of the Holders of the Shares of such Class.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Company to call up or receive at any One Time or in any One Year upon any such new Shares a larger Sum or Amount than may be required to pay off and discharge the Debts for the Time being of the Company.

VII. And to the end that the whole of the Money so raised and received by the Creation of such new Shares may be duly applied, be it enacted, That the Company shall cause a separate and distinct Account to be kept in the Books of the Company of the Money from Time to Time raised and received in respect of such new Shares, and of the Application of the same, and such Money shall be paid solely in discharge of the Debts for the Time being of the Company, and on such Payment the Power of the Company for borrowing or

reborrowing

12° & 13° VICTORIA Cap. xxxvii.

reborrowing Money shall to the Extent of such Payment absolutely cease and determine.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if under the Provision herein contained Shares are created of a nominal Amount less than Fifty Pounds, such new Shares shall confer on the respective Holders thereof such Privileges of voting at Councils, and such Qualifications for Governor, Deputy Governor, Director, and Auditor, and such other Privileges as are conferred by now existing Shares in the Capital: Provided always, that for the Purpose of ascertaining such Privileges conferred by so many of such new Shares as are holden by the same Person or Persons the aggregate nominal Amount of such new Shares so holden shall be deemed to consist of so many Shares in the Capital and if such aggregate nominal Amount were the nominal Amount or the aggregate nominal Amount of One or more Share or Shares of Fifty Pounds each so holden; provided also, that if the aggregate nominal Amount of such new Shares so holden be less than Fifty Pounds the same shall not confer any such Privilege: Provided also, that if the aggregate nominal Amount of such new Shares so holden be greater than Fifty Pounds, but be not a Multiple of Fifty Pounds, the Excess of such nominal Amount over the highest Multiple of Fifty Pounds therein shall not confer any such Privilege; provided also, that the Holders of such new Shares respectively shall not be entitled to any Dividends or Interest except upon or in respect of the Amount for the Time being actually paid up thereon.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company from Time to Time to purchase any Shares of the Company, and the same when so purchased shall be cancelled, to the Intent that all Eight and Interest in the same may merge in the Company.

X. And be it enacted, That so much of the recited Act as enacts that the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Company should respectively hold their Offices for Life, and that whenever the Office of Governor or Deputy Governor should become vacant the Board of Directors should within One Calendar Month cause to be summoned a Special General Council for the Purpose of electing his Successor, and the Shareholders present at such Special General Council, either previously or by Proxy, should elect a Person duly qualified as thereinafter provided to supply his Place, and that no Person should be qualified to be elected Governor or Deputy Governor unless at the Period of Election he should be possessed of One hundred Shares at the least in the Capital of the Company, or of being elected a Director unless he should at the Period of Election be possessed of Fifty Shares at the least in the Capital of the Company, and that if the Governor, Deputy Governor, or any Director of the Company should become a Director or Officer of any other Company manufacturing and supplying Gas within the Bills of Mortality or within Ten Miles thereof, then the Office of such Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director should become vacant, is hereby repealed, and such of the Clauses and Provisions of the recited Act as are repugnant to or inconsistent with or otherwise provided for by this Act are hereby also repealed: Provided always, that the present Goveftior and Deputy

Governor

515

Regulating Mode of voting, &c., in respect of new Shares.

Shares in the Company may be purchased.

Certain Provisions of recited Act respecting Election and Qualification of Governor, Deputy Governors, and Directors, repealed.

516 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxvii.

Governor of the Company shall continue in Office until the first General Council of the Company held in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

Governor

XI. And be it enacted, That at the first General Council of the Governors Company held in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, "r‘° and at the first General Council held in every succeeding Third Year Office thereafter, the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Company shall periodically, g0 out of Office, and at such Councils their Places shall be supplied SffSS? by the Election of Persons duly qualified for such respective Offices : tion. *" " Provided always, that the said Governor and Deputy Governor so retiring from Office may be re-elected immediately or at any future Time.

As to the

XII. And be it enacted, That whenever the Office of Governor or Election of Deputy Governor shall become vacant otherwise than by going out andDe°ut' Office as aforesaid, the Board of Directors shall within One Governor on Calendar Month cause to be summoned a Special General Council Vacancies, for the Purpose of electing his Successor, and the Shareholders present at such Special General Council cither personally or by Proxy shall elect a Person duly qualified to supply his Place.

Qualification

XIII. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to be ot Directors, eloeted Governor or Deputy Governor of the Company unless at the Period of Election he shall be possessed of Forty Shares at the least in the Capital of the Company, or of being elected a Director of the Company unless he shall at the Period of Election be possessed of Twenty Shares at the least in the Capital of the Company.

Expenses of

XIV. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses Act. incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act shall be paid and discharged by the Company in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Public Act.]

XV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VIC TORI. E REGINA.

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act to enable the Cockermouth and Workington Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Bridgefoot; and for amending the Act relating to their Railway.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament

hfld in the Eightli and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her 8 4 9 Vict, piesent Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act for c-,20-making a Railway from the Market Town of Cockermouth to the Port and Harbour of Workington in the County of Cumberland:

And whereas it is expedient that the Cockermouth and Workington Railway Company should be authorized to make a Branch Railway from the Cockermouth and Workington Railway in the Township of Greysouthen in the Parish of Brigham in the County of Cumberland to Bridgefoot in the said Township of Greysouthen : And whereas under and by virtue of the said Act the said Company were authorized to raise by the Issue of Shares as therein mentioned the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, and were also authorized to borrow on Mortgage or Bond the further Sum of Twenty-six thousand six hundred [Local.] 6 P and

518

Powers of recited Act extended to this Act.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Ca/lxxxviii.

and sixty-six Pounds, for the Purposes of the said Act, and the said Company have accordingly issued Shares to the Amount of Eighty thousand Pounds, and of which the Sum of Seventy-six thousand Pounds has been received, and have also raised on Mortgage or Bond the whole of the said Sum of Twenty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds, and the whole of the said Sums of Seventy-six thousand Pounds and Twenty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds have been expended and applied upon the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that the said Company should be authorized and empowered to raise an additional Sum of Money to carry into effect the Works authorized by the said recited Act, and that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act should be amended and enlarged; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act, save so far as they are varied by or are inconsistent with " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and " The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the said "Lands Clauses Consolidation Act," and "The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act," except such of them as are by this Act repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for, shall extend to this Act, and to the several Purposes and Things hereby authorized to be done, so far as the same Provisions, Matters, and Things are applicable thereto, as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act in reference to such Purposes and Things.

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act for any Purposes whatsoever it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Cockermouth and Workington Railway Act, 1849."

Power to

III. And whereas a Plan and Section of the Branch Railway by waklaccord t*1'8 auth0l'ized> showing the Lines and Levels thereof, and also ing^to^depo- a Book of Reference to the said Plan containing the Names of the sited Plans. Owners or reputed Owners and of the Occupiers of the Lands through which the same is intended to pass, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Cumberland: Be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in this Act contained, it shall be lawful for the " Cockermouth and Workington Railway Company " to make and maintain the Branch Railway and Works connected therewith in the Line and upon the Lands delineated on the said Plan and described in the said Book of Reference, and according to the Levels defined on the said Section, and to enter upon, take, and use such of the Lands as shall be necessary for such Purpose.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Branch Railway shall commence from and out of the " Cockermouth and Workington Railway" at or near to a Place called Marron Foot in the Township of Ghrey-southen in the Parish of Brigham in the County of Cumberland, and shall pass thence from, in, through, or into the" several Parishes and

Townships

Short Title of Act.

Line of Branch Railway.

519

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxviii.

Townships of Greysouthen, Brigham, Little Clifton, and Workington in the said County, and shall terminate at or near Bridgefoot in the said Township of Greysouthen and Parish of Brigham near or adjoining the Turnpike Road there at a Place called Nepgill.

V. And be it enacted, That the Powers of the Company for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of this Act shall not be exercised after the Expiration of Two \ears from the passing of this Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Branch Railway shall be completed within Five Years from the passing of this Act, and on the Expiration of such Period the Powers by this Act granted to the Company for executing such Branch Railway, or otherwise in relation thereto, shall cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the same as shall then be completed.

VII. And whereas the estimated Expense of making the said Branch Railway is Two thousand five hundred Pounds: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to raise by creating new Shares, in addition to the Sums of Money which they are authorized to raise under and by virtue of the said recited Act, any further Sum of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, to be applied only in carrying into execution the Objects and Purposes by this Act authorized.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Company should be authorized to raise an additional Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the Railway and Works by the said recited Act authorized : Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise by creating new Shares (in addition to the Sums of Money which they are authorized by virtue of the said recited Act and herein-before authorized to raise) any further Sum of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, to be applied only in carrying into execution the Objects and Purposes of the said recited Act.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said respective Sums so to be raised as aforesaid by the Creation of new Shares shall be divided into Shares of such Amount as will conveniently allow the same to be apportioned according to the Order of any Ordinary or Extraordinary Meeting of the Company, and shall be considered as Part of the general Capital of the Company, and shall be subject to the same Provisions in all respects, whether with reference to the Payment of Calls or the Forfeiture of Shares on Nonpayment of Calls, or otherwise, as if it had been Part of the original Capital of the Company, except as to the Times of making Calls thereon, and the Amount of such Calls, which respectively it shall be lawful for the Directors of the Company from lime to Time to fix as they shall think fit: Provided always, that Ten Pounds per Centum shall be the greatest Amount of any One Call which shall be made in respect of such new Shares, and that Three Months at the least shall be the Interval between successive Calls.

Period for compulsory Purchase of Lands limited.

Period for Completion of Works.

Power to raise additional Capital for Branch Railway by Creation of new Shares.

Power to raise additional Capital for existing Works by Creation of new Shares.

New Shares to be considered same as original Shares.

520

Shares created in respect of the 25,000l. entitled to Preference over all others.

How Dividends on new Shares to be calculated.

As to Votes of Proprietors of new Shares.

Power to borrow Money on Mortgage.

Former Mortgages to have Priority.

Interest not to be paid on Calls paid up.

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxxviii.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, with the Consent of Three Fifths of the Proprietors present, personally or by Proxy, at any Extraordinary Meeting of the Company, to declare and agree that the Holders of the Shares created in respect of the aforesaid Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds shall be entitled to a Preference in Payment of Dividends over all other Shares created by virtue of this and the said recited Act, not exceeding the Rate of Seven Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Sums paid in respect thereof.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in calculating the Dividends upon the Shares to be created under the Powers of this Act reference shall be had to the Difference, if any, for the Time being between the Amount of Calls paid thereon and the Amount of Calls paid upon the original Shares of the Company at the Time of the Declaration of such Dividend.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Proprietors of any new Shares created under the Powers of this Act shall be entitled to such Number of Votes in respect thereof as the nominal Amount represented by such Shares would have entitled them to if they had been possessed of original Shares in the Cockermouth and Workington Railway.

XIII. And be it enacted, That after the whole of the said respective Sums of Two thousand five hundred Pounds and Twenty-five thousand Pounds, by this Act authorized to be raised by Shares, shall have been subscribed for, and One Half thereof shall have been paid up, it shall be lawful for the Company to borrow on Mortgage or Bond such Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be authorized to be borrowed by an Order of any Ordinary or Extraordinary Meeting of the Company; provided that such Sums of Money do not exceed in the whole the Sum of Nine thousand one hundred and sixty-six Pounds, in addition to the Sum which they are by the said recited Act authorized to borrow; provided always, that the whole of such Money so to be borrowed shall be applicable only to carrying into execution the Objects and Purposes by the said recited Act authorized, except a Sum of Money not exceeding Eight hundred and thirty-three Pounds, which may be applied to carrying into execution the Objects and Purposes by this Act authorized.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Mortgages or Bonds granted by the Company before the passing of this Act, and which shall be in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall during the Continuance thereof have Priority over any Mortgages or Bonds to be created by virtue of this Act.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company, out of any Money by this or the said recited Act authorized to be raised by Calls in respect of Shares, or by the Exercise of any Power of borrowing, to pay any Interest or Dividend to any Shareholder on the Amount of the Calls made in respect of the Shares held by him in the Capital by this Act authorized to be raised; provided always, that nothing

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, CV/p.xxxviii. 521

nothing herein-before contained shall be deemed to prevent the said Company from paying to any Shareholder such Interest on Money advanced by him beyond the Amount of the Calls actually made as shall be in conformity with the Provisions in " The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," in that Behalf contained.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Deposits for Company, out of any Money by this Act or the said recited Act future Bills authorized to be raised for the Purposes of such Acts, to pay or

deposit any Sum of Money which by any Standing Order of either {|)e Com-' House of Parliament, now in force or hereafter to be in force, may be pane’s required to be deposited in respect of any Application to Parliament Capita), for the Purpose of obtaining an Act authorizing the said Company to construct any other Railway or execute any other Work or Undertaking.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company Same Tolls to demand and receive for and in respect of the Branch Railway the to be ta,icn same Tolls and Charges as they are by the said recited Act authorized ‘VIam to demand and receive for and in respect of the Railway by such Act authorized to be constructed.

XVIII. And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Railway Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Company to Conveyance of the Mails by Railways; and another Act was passed in tj,uel>Jprcl the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act visions

for regulating Railways; and another Act was passed in the Sixth l&2 Vict. Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for the p- its . better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance of Troops; ^ * * Vict-and another Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her 5& evict said Majesty, intituled An Act to attach certain Conditions to the c. .55., Construction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by ~ & s Vict. any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament, and.

for other Purposes in relation to Railways; and Two Acts were cc. 57.krioj passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, the one intituled An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways, and the other intituled An Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways: Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be held to exempt the said Railways from the Provisions of the said several Acts respectively, but that such Provisions shall be in force in respect to the Railways, so far as the same shall be applicable thereto.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Railways to contained shall be deemed to exempt the Railways by this or the said be subJect t<> recited Act authorized to be made from the Provisions of any general *’rovisions ot Act relating to such Acts, or of any general Act relating to Railways, ra^Acts™0' now in force or which may hereafter pass during the present or any

future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Rates of Fares and Charges authorized by this Act.

522

Expenses ot' Act.

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xxxviii.

XX. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, or preparatory or incident thereto, shall be paid and discharged out of the Funds of l he Company, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

5

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for vesting* the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal in the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a navigable 57 G. 3. c. 56. Canal from the Lothian Road near the City of Edinburgh to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling, whereby a Company was incorporated by the Name of " The Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal Company," with Power to make the said Canal; and another Act was passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for altering and 59G. 3. C. 29. amending an Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Lothian Road near the City of Edinburgh to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk in the County of Stirling; and another Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending 1 & 2 G. 4. certain Acts for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the c-122. Lothian Road near the City of Edinburgh to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk in the County of Stirling, and giving Power to [Local.] 6 R borrow

526

4G. 4. c. 18.

7 G. 4. c. 45.

4 & 5 Vict, c. 59.

6 & 7 Vict, c. 55.

8 & 9 Vict, c. 148.

1 & 2 Vict, c. 58.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxix.

borrow a farther Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts; and another Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal Company to borrow a farther Sum of Money; and another Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to alter and amend the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal Acts, and to enable the Company to borrow a farther Sum of Money; and another Act was passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the several Acts relating to the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal\ and for enlarging the Cobbinshaw Reservoir; and another Act was passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Acts for making and maintaining the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal, and for conferring further Powers on the Company of Proprietors thereof; and another Act was passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering and amending certain Acts relating to the Forth and Clyde Navigation and the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal, and for forming a Junction between the said Navigation and Canal: And whereas an Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for making a Railway from Edinburgh to Glasgow, to be called " The Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway," with a Branch to Falkirk, whereby a Company was incorporated by the Name of " The Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company," with Power to make the said Railway and Branch: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act were altered, amended, or enlarged by other Acts relating to the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway and the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company passed respectively in the Third and Fourth, the Fifth, the Seventh and Eighth, the Eighth and Ninth, the Ninth, the Ninth and Tenth, the Tenth and Eleventh, and the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty: And whereas the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal has been for upwards of Twenty-five Years completed and open for the Use of the Public, but the said Canal was completed at an Expenditure greatly exceeding the estimated Expense of making the same: And whereas the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway has since been constructed through the same District, and nearly in the same Line with the Canal, and partly on the Lands of the Canal Company: And whereas, independently of the Canal which extends only from the City of Edinburgh to a Point called Lock Number Sixteen near Falkirk in the County of Stirling, the Cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow enjoy a Communication by Water by means of the Forth and Clyde Navigation and the Firth of Forth, whereby Vessels pass betwixt the City of Glasgow and Leith the Port of Edinburgh; and there are also Two Railways connecting the said Cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow, namely, the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway and the Caledonian Railway : And whereas the Canal has, since the opening of the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway, yielded little more of Revenue than has been sufficient for the Maintenance of the Canal, and for paying the Interest of the Debts affecting the same, without affording a Dividend or Return to the Shareholders for the Capital embarked by them therein,

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxix. 527

and it is expedient that the Canal should be vested in the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company on Terms mutually agreed on by the Canal Company and the Railway Company, but this Purpose cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon the Canal moe Execution of a Disposition or Deed of Conveyance duly stamped for denoting the Payment of the Stamp Duty on the Sum of One hundred Company and fourteen thousand Pounds, which the Canal Company is hereby upon the authorised and required to execute and to get recorded in the Books of Execution Council and Session, the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal and the a Reservoir thereof, and .he whole Embankments, Towing Paths, Ways, v Roads, Locks, Tunnels, Feeders, and Bridges thereof, and also all Wharfs, Yards, Warehouses, Houses, Offices, aud other Buildings,

Cranes, Weighing Machines, and all other Appurtenances whatsoever of the said Canal belonging to the Canal Company, and all Lands,

Heritages, and Estate and Property (except as herein-after excepted), and also the Benefit of all Contracts, Agreements, and Proceedings in any way relating thereto, of or to which the Canal Company was seised, possessed, or entitled at Law or in Equity before the passing of this Act, and all the Powers, Rights, Authorities, and Privileges which by the said recited Acts relating to the Canal, or any of them, are granted to the Canal Company, except so far as expressly repealed or altered, and subject to the Provisions in this Act contained, shall effectually and to all Intents and Purposes become vested and vest in and belong to the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company; but excepting always from the Lands, Heritages, and Property hereby vested in the Railway Company the Lands of Glenfuir and other Lands, and the Houses, Feus, and Feuing Ground and other Heritages not requisite for the Use and Service of the Canal, as specified in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, which are hereby reserved to the Canal Company.

II. And be it enacted, That all the Chattels, Books, Writings, Maps, Personal Plans, and other Personal Estate and Effects, Assets and Property, Estate (except all the Debts due to the Canal Company and Interest thereon, pany'to be" and except also the other Personal or Moveable Assets and Property tested in not requisite for the Use or Service of the Canal, as specified in the Railway Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed,) of or to which the Canal Company Company-was possessed or entitled at Law or in Equity immediately before the passing of this Act, shall, upon the Execution of the said Disposition

or Deed of Conveyance, effectually and to all Intents and Purposes become vested and vest in and belong to the Railway Company.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- Saving of tained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to defeat Rights, affect, or prejudice any Rights, Privileges, Liberties, Powers, Easements, Accommodations, or Exemptions which, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts relating to the Canal, are specifically granted or created or reserved to or for the Benefit of particular Persons whose Estates, Properties, or Interests are, have been, or may be in any

ways

528

Canal Company dissolved, except to the effect of winding up its Affairs, and Acts in part repealed.

Actions not to abate.

Itights of Mortgagees not to be prejudiced.

Deeds to or by Canal Company

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxix.

ways affected in or by the making or maintaining or otherwise on account of the Canal, or to which such Persons are or may be entitled under or by virtue of the said recited Acts relating to the Canal, or any of them, or by virtue of any Contract or Agreement entered into between them and the Canal Company, but such Persons shall be entitled to such and the like Powers and Pemedies upon and against the Railway Company for securing to such Persons the Possession, Use, and Enjoyment of such Rights, Privileges, Easements, Accommodations, and Exemptions, save such of them as have been fulfilled or are inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, as the}’' would have been entitled to against the Canal Company if this Act had not been passed.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the vesting of the Canal in the Railway Company, as herein-before provided, the Canal Company shall, except to the Effect of selling and realising the Lands, Debts, and others contained in the Schedules (A.) and (B.) to this Act annexed, which the Canal Company is hereby authorized and empowered to do, and applying and disposing of the Proceeds thereof, and winding up its Affairs and carrying this Act into execution, be dissolved; and except to the Effect foresaid all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Tilings contained in the said recited Acts relating to the Canal in reference to the Capital Stock of the Canal Company, the Number and Amount of Shares therein, and the Purchase, Sale, Transfer, and Acquisition of such Shares, and I he Right of voting in respect thereof, and the Registration of the Names of Holders or Proprietors thereof, and in reference to the Meetings and Proceedings of such Proprietors, and to the Appointment, Qualification, Powers, and Duties of the Committee of Management of the Canal Company, and of the Officers and Servants thereof, and to the Division of the Profits arising from the said Canal and Works thereof, and to any future borrowing of Money by the Canal Company on Mortgage or otherwise, shall be and the same are hereby, from and after the vesting of the Canal in the Railway Company, repealed.

V. And be it enacted, That no Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding whatsoever, commenced either by or against the Canal Company previous to the passing of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued or prejudicially affected by this Act, but the same shall continue and take effect both in favour of and against the Railway Company in the same Manner in all respects as the same would or might lirve continued and taken effect for or against the Canal Company if this Act had not been passed.

VI. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect the Rights of the Mortgagees or other Persons to whom at the passing of this Act any Debts were due by the Canal Company, or in whose Favour any Sums of Money were secured upon the Canal and Works thereof, or other Property of the Canal Company.

VII. And be it enacted, That all Conveyances, Contracts, Mortgages, and other Deeds made or entered into before the passing of this Act

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cajj.xxxix.

Act to, with, in favour of, or by or on behalf of the Canal Company, and all Claims to which the Canal Company were liable or to which they had Right, shall be and remain as valid and effectual for or against or with reference to the Railway Company, and may be proceeded on and enforced by or against the Railway Company in such and the like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the Railway Company had by the said recited Acts relating to the Canal been invested with the Powers and Capacities of the Canal Company, and had been a Party to and executed such Conveyances, Contracts, Mortgages, and other Deeds, or had been named or referred to therein instead of the Canal Company.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all Rules, Bye Laws, Regulations, and Orders made under the Authority of the said recited Acts relating to the Canal, and which were in force immediately before the vesting of the Canal in the Railway Company, shall continue to be in full Force and Effect until such Rules, Bye Laws, Regulations, and Orders shall be repealed, altered, or varied by the Railway Company under the Powers hereby vested in them; and the said Rules, Bye Laws, Regulations, and Orders, and all Penalties and Forfeitures thereby imposed, shall and may be enforced, recovered, and applied by or in the Name of the Railway Company in such and the like Manner in all respects as such Rules, Bye Laws, Regulations, and Orders might have been enforced, and such Penalties and Forfeitures might have been recovered and applied, if the said Rules, Bye Laws, Regulations, and Orders, and the said Penalties and Forfeitures, had been actually made and imposed by the Railway Company under the Powers of this Act.

IX. And be it enacted, That from and after the vesting of the Canal in the Railway Company all the Powers, Authorities, Rights, Privileges, Provisions, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Exemptions, Remedies, Rules, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said recited Acts relating to the Canal contained, and not now or heretofore specifically repealed, shall, with reference to the Canal, and the Wharfs, Locks, and other Works thereof, and Premises, to be vested in the Railway Company, and with reference to the Rates, Tolls, Duties, and Charges upon the Canal, and the Wharfs, Locks, and other Works thereof, granted by this Act, or in respect thereof or in anywise arising therefrom, and in reference to all Works, Matters, and Things which, if this Act had not been passed, might have been done or claimed under or by virtue of the said recited Acts relating to the Canal by the Canal Company in anywise in relation to the Canal, and the Wharfs, Locks, and other Works or Premises, or the Use thereof, save only so far as the same or any of them are inconsistent with the Provisions and Purposes of this Act, and subject to the Provisions herein contained, be fully and effectually exercised, enjoyed, executed, and carried into effect, and observed by and be applied and be applicable to the Railway Company, their Directors, Officers, and Servants, in every respect, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Name of the Railway Company had in every Case been written or inserted in the said recited Acts relating to the Canal instead of the Name of

[Local.] 6 S the

52 9

to be for the Benefit of or to bind Railway Company.

Bye Laws and Orders to continue in force until altered.

Powers of Canal Company to extend to and be exercised by Railway Company.

530

As to Tolls to be levied on the Canal.

Tonnage for Vessels empty or in Ballast.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xx\ix.

the Canal Company, and as if the Directors of the Railway Company had been therein inserted in all Cases instead of the Committee of Management of the Canal Company.

X. And be it enacted, That from and after the vesting of the Canal in the Railway Company the several Tolls, Rates, and Duties authorized to be levied under and by virtue o: the said recited Acts relating to the Canal for or in respect of the Use of the Canal, and the Wharfs, Locks, and other Works thereof, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and it shall be lawful for the Railway Company to demand, levy, and recover for the Use and Benefit of the Railway Company, for or in respect of all Passengers, Goods, Articles, Matters, and Things which shall pass upon the Canal, or any Part thereof, any Tolls and Duties not exceeding the several Tolls and Duties herein-after specified; (that is to say,)

For all Passengers, One Halfpenny per Passenger per Mile:

For all Limestone, Lime, Marl, Dung, Compost, and all Sorts of Manure (except Street or Police Manure), broken Stone, Stone for building, Paving Stone, Flags, Coal, Coke, Culm, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Ores, Earth, Sand, Clay, Peats, Ironstone, Iron, Pig Iron, and other Iron not manufactured into Articles of Merchandize, One Penny per Ton per Mile:

For all Street or Police Manure, One Penny per Ton per Mile for the first Eight Miles, and One Halfpenny per Ton per Mile for the next. Eight Miles; and no Tolls or Duties to be charged for any farther Distance than Sixteen Miles which such Manure may pass upon the Canal:

For all Timber, Deals, Bark, and Wood of every Kind, Two-pence per Ton per Mile:

For all Corn or other agricultural Produce, Two-pence Halfpenny per Ton per Mile:

For all Gunpowder, Four-pence per Ton per Mile:

For all Goods, Wares. Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things not before specified, Three-pence per Ton per Mile:

And in all Cases where any Passenger, or any Goods, Articles, Matters, or Things whatsoever, shall pass upon the Canal for any Space less than a Quarter of a Mile, such Passenger, Goods, Articles, Matters, or Things shall pay the same Tolls and Duties as if the same had passed One whole Quarter of a Mile; and in all Cases where there shall be a Fraction of a Ton in the Weight of Lading in any Boat or Vessel navigating or passing on the Canal, a Proportion of the said Tolls and Duties may be demanded and levied for such Fraction, according to the Number of Quarters of a Ton contained therein; and where there shall be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Ton in such Weight of Lading, such Fraction shall be deemed a Quarter of a Ton.

XI. And be it enacted, That from and after the vesting of the Canal in the Railway Company it shall be lawful for the Railway Company to demand, levy, and recover for the Tonnage of all Boats and Vessels which shall pass upon the Canal without a Lading, or in Ballast only, or having less than Fifteen Tons of Goods or other Commodities on board, any Sum not exceeding Three-pence per Ton per Mile on

Fifteen

531

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxix.

Fifteen Tons: Provided always, that if any Boat or Vessel which shall have passed without a Lading or in Ballast only shall return upon the Canal with a Lading at any Time within the Space of Fourteen Days immediately after passing as aforesaid, Allowance and Deduction of the Amount of Tonnage paid by such Boat or Vessel when so passing shall be made by the Railway Company to the Owners, Masters, or Navigators of such Boat or Vessel out of the Tolls and Duties payable for such Lading, but that only rateably and in proportion to the Distance for which such Lading shall be liable to Payment of the said Tolls and Duties; and any Boat or Vessel which shall have passed with a less Quantity than Fifteen Tons shall on Return be allowed in the same Proportion a Deduction of what may be the Difference between the actual Tolls and Duties on the Goods on board and the Tonnage first paid for: Provided also, that if the Tonnage so paid by any Boat or Vessel which shall have passed without a Lading or in Ballast, or having less than Fifteen Tons on board, shall amount to a larger Sum than the Tolls and Duties payable for the Lading of such Boat or Vessel on returning, the Difference between such Tonnage and such Tolls and Duties shall be repaid by the Railway Company to the Owners, Masters, or Navigators of such Boat or Vessel, under Deduction, in the Case of a Boat or Vessel which shall have passed with a Lading of less than Fifteen Tons, of the Tolls and Duties chargeable in respect of such last-mentioned Lading, at the Rate or respective Rates leviable according to the Classification of Tolls and Duties herein-before contained, in respect of the particular Article or Articles of which such Lading may have consisted.

XII. And be it enacted, That from and after the vesting of the Canal Wharfage in the Railway Company it shall be lawful for the Railway Company, Dues-in addition to the Tolls and Duties before specified, to demand, levy, and recover, for the Use and Benefit of the Railway Company, for or in respect of all Goods, Articles, Matters, and Things (excepting as herein-after mentioned) loaded or unloaded at any Basin, Wharf, or other Place on the Canal which may belong to the Railway Company, any Wharfage Dues not exceeding the Sums herein-after specified;

(that is to say,)

For all Coal and Charcoal loaded on any Part of the Canal, Twopence per Ton:

For all Potatoes and Turnips loaded or unloaded on any Part of the Broxburn or Linlithgow Stages of the Canal, Two-pence per Ton for loading and Two-pence per Ton for unloading:

For all Rubble Stone (not Road Metal nor other Whinstone) loaded or unloaded on any Part of the Edinburgh Stage of the Canal,

One Halfpenny per Ton for loading and One Halfpenny per Ton for unloading:

For all Goods, Articles, Matters, and Things not before specified, and not hereby expressly exempted, which shall be loaded or unloaded on any Part of the Edinburgh or Linlithgow Stages of the Canal, One Penny per Ton for loading and One Penny per Ton for unloading:

For all Goods, Articles, Matters, and Things not before specified,

and

532 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxix.

and not hereby expressly exempted, which shall be loaded or unloaded on any Part of the Broxburn or Redding Stages of the Canal, Two-pence per Ton for loading and Two-pence per Ton for unloading:

And for the Purposes of this Act the Edinburgh Stage of the Canal shall be held as commencing at Edinburgh (including the Basins and Wharfs at Edinburgh), and extending to the Commencement of the Ninth Mile from Edinburgh; the Broxburn Stage as commencing at the Western Termination of the Edinburgh Stage, and extending to the Commencement of the Seventeenth Mile from Edinburgh; the Linlithgow Stage as commencing at the Western Termination of the Broxburn Stage, and extending to the Commencement of the Twenty-fifth Mile from Edinburgh; and the Redding Stage as commencing at the Western Termination of the Linlithgow Stage, and extending to the Western Termination of the Extension Cut of the Canal, and to the Junction with the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

Exemptions

XIII. And be it enacted, That all Slates, Tiles, Bricks (not being a.'°emDucW1' ^rc Bricks), Sand, Soil, Rubbish, Peats, Dung, and Manure loaded or ue?’ unloaded on any Part of the Canal, and all Dross loaded on the Redding Stage of the Canal, and all Road Metal or Wliinstone loaded or unloaded on the Linlithgow or Redding Stages of the Canal, and all Potatoes or Turnips loaded or unloaded on the Edinburgh or Redding Stages of the Canal, shall severally be exempted from Wharfage Dues; and it shall not be lawful to demand or take for any Limestone, Lime, Marl, Dung, Compost, or other Sorts of Manure, broken Stone, Stone for building, Paving Stone, Flags, Coals, Coke, Dross, Culm, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Ores, Earth, Sand, Clay, Peats, Ironstone, Iron, Pig Iron, or other Iron not manufactured into Articles of Merchandize, loaded or unloaded at Edinburgh, or within One Mile thereof, any Sums for Wharfage and other Dues, and for the Use of any Cranes which the Railway Company may furnish, in respect of such loading or unloading, and for City Dues, exceeding One Penny per Ton in all.

Rates on Goods remaining Wharfs,

on

Dues for Passage of Locks.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any Goods, Articles, Matters, or Things which shall pass upon the Canal shall lie or remain upon any Wharf or Quay on the Canal which may belong to the Railway Company, or on the Banks of the Canal, for any Space exceeding Forty-eight Hours, it shall be lawful for the Railway Company to demand, levy, and recover for the Time such Goods, Articles, Matters, or Things shall so lie or remain exceeding the said Space such reasonable Rates, over and above the Tolls, Duties, and Dues herein-before authorized to be levied, as shall be fixed by the Railway Company, not exceeding Two-pence per Ton for each Day of Twenty-four Hours, or for any Part of a Day.

XY. And be it enacted, That, in addition to the Tolls, Duties, and Dues herein-before specified, it shall be lawful for the Railway Company to demand, levy, and recover, for the Use and Benefit of the Railway Company, for or in respect of the Cargo or Lading of any Boat or Vessel passing through the Locks of the Canal or any of them,

and

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxix. 533

and in respect of all Timber passing through the Locks of the Canal or any of them, such Sum not exceeding One Penny per Ton in respect of each such Lock passed through by such Boat or Vessel or Timber as shall from Time to Time be fixed by the Railway Company: Provided always, that if any Boat or Vessel or Timber so passing the said Locks or any of them shall also pass upon any Part of the Canal, all Sums which shall have been paid in respect of the Passage through any Lock or Locks shall be deducted from the Tolls and Duties which may be payable for such Cargo or Lading or Timber in respect of such Passage along the Canal, if such Tolls and Duties shall amount to as much as shall have been paid for such Passage of any Lock or Locks; and if such Tolls and Duties shall not amount to as much as shall have been paid for such Passage of any Lock or Locks, then such Tolls and Duties shall be held as extinguished in respect of the Sums paid as aforesaid for such Passage through any Lock or Locks of the Canal.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Rail- Penalty on way Company, their Agents, Officers, or Servants, to give any j^ailtvay Preference to any Persons, Vessels, or Goods whatsoever as against any other Persons, or other similar Vessels or similar Goods what- undue Pre-soever, as respects the Use of the Canal, or the Wharfs, Locks, ference. or other Works and Conveniences thereunto belonging, or any Cranes which the Railway Comoany may furnish, or the Dues charged for such Use; and in case the Railway Company, their Agents,

Officers, or Servants, shall give any such Preference, the Railway Company shall upon Conviction for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner directed by " The Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845."

XVII. And be it enacted, That all Persons whomsoever shall have Canal to be free liberty to use with Horses, Cattle, and Carriages the Roads, Ways, free on Pa)'~ and Passages belonging at the passing of this Act to the Canal Com- ??en\of pany leading to the Canal (except the Towing Paths) for the Purpose of conveying any Ptissengers, Merchandize, Timber, Goods, Matters, and Things to or from the Canal, or any Part thereof, without making any Payment for the Use of such Roads, Ways, and Passages and also to navigate and pass upon and use the Canal and Locks thereof with Boats or Vessels, and to use and employ the Wharfs and Quays for taking on board and landing Passengers, and for loading or unloading Merchandize, Timber, Goods, Matters, and Things, and also to use the said Towing Path with Horses or other Cattle for towing such Boats and Vessels, upon Payment of such Tolls, Duties, and Dues as shall be demanded, not exceeding the respective Sums by this Act authorized to be levied, and subject to the Rules, Regulations and Bye Laws made, or which shall be from Time to CTime in force.

XVIII. And whereas the Debts due by the Canal Company amount Railway to the Sum of One hundred and sixteen thousand one hundred and Company seventy-nine Pounds One Shilling and One Penny or thereby and ,0 raise the estimated Value of the Lands and other Heritages and of the Debts p°ney tor,

[Local.] 6 T j aj,ment of

534

Debts secured on Canal.

Former Mortgages and Guarantees to have Priority.

Railway Company authorized to create Stock for Shareholders of Canal Company.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxix.

and other Personal or Moveable Property herein reserved to the Canal Company amounts to the Sum of Twenty-one thousand and seventy-five Pounds Four Shillings and Four-pence, leaving a Balance of Ninety-five thousand one hundred and three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Nine-pence: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Railway Company to raise and take tip on Mortgage (over and above any other Sum or Sums which they may be authorized to raise or take up on Loan by any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament) a Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-five thousand Pounds, to be applied in Payment of the Debts due by the Canal Company as aforesaid, and to grant Mortgages for the same; and the Railway Company are hereby required to pay to the Persons who at and immediately before the passing of this Act were Mortgagees or Creditors of the Canal Company, according to the Priority and Preference under the said recited Acts relative to the Canal of their respective Rights, the Sums of Money due to them respectively to the Extent in all of a Sum not exceeding Ninety-five thousand Pounds, with Interest thereon from the Time of the passing of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Mortgages, or Guarantees of Interest, or Guarantees of Dividends on Shares or Stock, or Guarantees of Rents or surplus Profits of Railways, made or granted by the Railway Company, or for which the Railway Company were liable, before the passing of this Act, under or by virtue of any Act passed in any former Session of Parliament, and which shall be in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall have Priority and Preference on the Funds of the Railway Company over any Dividends on new Shares or Stock to be made or granted in virtue of this Act.

XX. And whereas the Capital Stock of the Canal Company consists of Two hundred and forty thousand five hundred Pounds, divided into Four thousand eight hundred and ten Shares of Fifty Pounds each, of which Stock there has been paid up the Sum of Two hundred and forty thousand four hundred Pounds, being the whole of the said Shares, with the Exception of Two Shares: And whereas the Expense of making and completing the Canal, including a Sum of Money set apart for Compensation to Landowners and others, amounted to Two hundred and twenty-one thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds more than the said Capital, which Sum of Two hundred and twenty-one thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds was in virtue of anil under the Powers contained in the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of His Majesty King George the Fourth allocated among and constituted a Debt affecting each of the said Four thousand eight hundred and ten Shares, amounting to the Sura of Forty-six Pounds on each Share : And whereas the said Debt of Forty-six Pounds per Share has been paid up upon the Stock of the Canal Company to the Extent of Three thousand one hundred and seventy-four Shares, which constitute the unburdened Shares or Stock of the Canal Company, and there still remain One thousand six hundred and thirty-six Shares of the Canal Company on which the said Debt of Forty-six Pounds per Share has not been paid up, which constitute the burdened Shares or

Stock;

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xwix. 535

Stock: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Railway Company and they are hereby required to create new Stock of the Railway Company to the Extent (over and above any new Stock which they may be authorized to create by any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament) of a Sum not exceeding One hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds, which new Stock shall have the same Rights and Privileges, and be subject to the same Rules, Restrictions, and Regulations, as the other Stock of the Railway Company; and the Railway Company are hereby required, within One Month after the passing of this Act, to dispose of and apply such new Stock as follows; (that is to say,) to divide the Sum of One hundred and five thousand eight hundred Pounds thereof among the Persons who at and immediately before the vesting of the Canal in the Railway Company were Holders or Proprietors of unburdened Shares or Stock of the Canal Company according to the Proportion of the unburdened Shares or Stock held by them respectively, and to divide the remaining Sum of Eight thousand two hundred Pounds of such new Stock among the Persons who at and immediately before the vesting of the Canal in the Railway Company were Holders or Proprietors of burdened Shares or Stock of the Canal Company according to the Proportion of burdened Shares or Stock held by them respectively.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if within One Month after the pass- Provision in ing of this Act the Debt due by the Canal Company, including the case Balance Sum of Two thousand three hundred and ninety-two Pounds Six of Cai,al , Shillings and Four-pence still remaining of the Amount set apart oX^shall as Compensation Money to Landownei’s and others, shall not exceed have been reduced to the Sum of Ninety-five thousand Pounds, 95,000l. then and in such Case the Railway Company shall retain from the Amount of Stock to be made over to the respective Proprietors of

Stock of the Canal Company a Sum not exceeding Ten per Centum upon the Amount of the Stock of the Railway Company so directed to be made over to such Proprietors respectively; which Sum so retained shall remain as a Guarantee for the Reduction of the Debts of the Canal Company to Ninety-five thousand Pounds, and shall, on the said Debts being reduced to the said Sum, be made over by the Railway Company to the Persons from whom the said Retention was made, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, with the corresponding Dividends from the Date of Retention; and if any Part of the Stock so retained shall require to be applied for Reduction of the said Debts to Ninety-five thousand Pounds, the same shall be sold and applied accordingly by the Railway Company at the sight of the Committee of Management of the Canal Company, or their Quorum, and the Balance only of the said Stock retained, with the corresponding Dividends, shall be made over as aforesaid.

XXII. And whereas the burdened Stock of the Canal Company ex- Proviso in tends to One thousand six hundred and thirty-six Shares, each of which case of Shares is subject to the Sum of Forty-nine Pounds Five Shillings Holders ot and One Penny Halfpenny of Debt affecting the same, being the CantT^ Amount of Debt constituted a Burden thereon as aforesaid and In- Shares terest: Be it enacted, That if any of the Persons who at the passing paying up

of

536

Debt affecting the same.

Registration Fee to be paid on Canal Stock.

Forfeiture in case of Nonpayment of Registration Fee.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxix.

of this Act are Holders or Proprietors of burdened Shares of the Canal Company shall, within Twelve Months after the passing of this Act, pay up to the Railway Company the Debt affecting their respective Shares and Interest thereon till paid, such Persons shall be entitled to receive from the Railway Company Stock of the Railway Company to the same Amount per Share as shall have been or shall be allotted to the Holders of unburdened Shares, together with a Sum corresponding to the Dividends thereon declared by the Railway Company from and after the Lapse of a Month after the passing of this Act, subject in the event foresaid to the like Retention as aforesaid; and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Railway Company, after the Lapse of Twelve Months from the passing of this Act, to create as much additional new Stock of the Railway Company as shall be sufficient for enabling them to make over, or to make over and retain, as the Case may be, to or for the Persons so paying up the Debt on their burdened Shares, Stock or Shares of the Railway Company corresponding in manner foresaid to the Canal Shares the Debt affecting which shall be so paid up, not exceeding in all the Sum of Forty-six thousand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, which additional new Stock shall have the same Rights and Privileges, and be subject to the same Rules, Restrictions, and Regulations, as the other Stock of the Railway Company; and in such Case the Powers of borrowing and taking Money on Loan hereby granted to the Railway Company shall be and the same are hereby restricted, so as that the total Amount to be borrowed or taken up permanently on Loan shall be diminished by Deduction from the foresaid Sum of Ninety-five thousand Pounds of the Sum of Forty-nine Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny for every burdened Canal Share, the Debt on which shall have been so paid up: Provided always, that all such Persons, Holders or Proprietors of burdened Shares of the Canal Company, as shall not, within the said Space of Twelve Months, pay up the said Debt affecting their Shares and Interest thereon, shall have no Claim against the Railway Company, except for their Proportion of the said Sum of Eight thousand two hundred Pounds of new Stock as aforesaid : Provided also, that the Railway Company shall have no Claim or Demand against the Holders or Proprietors of burdened Shares of the Canal Company in respect of their said Shares, or the Debt affecting the same, or Interest thereon.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That for each Share of Canal Stock in respect of which any Person shall obtain Railway Stock as aforesaid there shall, at or prior to the Entry of the Name of such Person as a Shareholder in the Books of the Railway Company for such Railway Stock, and before such Person shall have Right to such Stock, or to receive Dividends in respect thereof, be payable and paid to the Railway Company a Registration Fee at the Rate of One Pound for each unburdened Share, and Five Shillings for each burdened Share, belonging to any such Person.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in case the Lapse of Twelve Months from the passing of this Act there shall be any Shares of the Canal Company in respect of which the said Registration Fee shall not have been paid, it shall be lawful to the Railway Company to declare a

Forfeiture

537

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxix.

Forfeiture of the Right to the Railway Stock corresponding to such Shares, and to sell and dispose of the Stock so forfeited in manner provided in the Case of the Forfeiture and Sale of Stock in respect of unpaid Calls by the Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland)

Act, 1845, the Railway Company thereupon paying to the Persons entitled to such Stock the Proceeds of the Stock so sold and any Dividends thereon, under Deduction of Expenses, and also under Deduction of any Portion corresponding thereto of the Excess (if such shall be) of the Debt of the Canal Company beyond the said Sum of Ninety-five thousand Pounds.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Railway Company shall and they Railway are hereby required, from Time to Time, and at all Times from and after k °,mpc"nal° the vesting of the Canal in the Railway Company, to keep and maintain in' forking the Canal and the Works thereto belonging, and every Part thereof re- Order, spectively, in good working Order and Condition, and preserve the same Supplies of Water as heretofore, so that the Canal and every Part thereof may at all Times be kept open and navigable for Vessels of the same Burden as at the Time of the passing of this Act ordinarily use the same, for the Use of all Persons desirous to navigate the said Canal, and that without any unnecessary Hindrance, Interruption, or Delay • and in case the Railway Company shall not so keep and maintain the Canal, and the several Towing Paths, Buildings, and Works belonging thereto, in such good working Order and Condition, and preserve the Supplies of Water as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Railways, if they think fit, upon the Complaint and at the Cost of any Persons using or desirous of using the Canal, and after giving Fourteen Days Notice in Writing to the Railway Company, to cause an Inquiry and Examination to be made as to the State and Condition of the Canal, and the several Towing Paths, Buildings, and Works belonging thereto; and if upon such Inquiry and Examination the same shall not be found to be in such good working Order and Condition as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause a Notice to be given to the Railway Company to put the same and every Part thereof in such good working Order and Condition; and in default of their putting the same into such good Order and Condition within Sixty Days from the Delivery of such Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be put into such good Order and Condition as aforesaid; and the Costs,

Charges, and Expenses of making such Inquiry and Examination, and of putting the Canal and Works into such good Order and Condition, shall be borne and paid by such Party and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, and if not so paid, the Party entitled to receive such Costs, Charges, and Expenses shall and may recover the same by Action at Law in any competent Court in London or Edinburgh against the Party or Parties ordered to pay the same.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if at any Time after the vesting Commis-of the Canal in the Railway Company it shall appear to the said Com- sioners of missioners that any Evil or Inconvenience has arisen or is likely to Railwa7® arise to the Public, directly or indirectly, from the Transference of the incon-"6 *

[.Local.] 6 U Canal vcniences.

538

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxix.

Canal to the Railway Company, whereby the Use of the Canal by the Public has been or may be injuriously affected, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to require the Railway Company forthwith to adopt all Measures necessary for the effectual Prevention or Correction of such Evil or Inconvenience; and upon the Failure or Inability of the Railway Company to comply with such Requisition within a Period of Six Months from the Date thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to serve the Railway Company with Notice to introduce into Parliament in the then existing Session of Parliament, if Parliament be then sitting, and if not, in the next ensuing Session, a Bill for amending this Act in such Particulars as shall be specified by the said Commissioners, and thereupon the Railway Company shall and they are hereby required to introduce such Bill accordingly, and duly to prosecute the same, in default whereof it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to introduce or prosecute, as the Case may be, such Bill at the Expense of the Railway Company.

As to Duty

XXVII. And whereas under the Act first herein recited Magis-payable to trates and Town Council of the City of Edinburgh are entitled and have Edinbur h been in use to receive a Duty of One Penny per Ton upon all Goods, ° Wares, Merchandize, and other Articles, except Manure, loaded, shipped, or landed at or on the Basins, Quays, or Wharfs at the East End of the Canal, or within One Mile’s Distance of such East End, the yearly Amount of which Duty, upon an Average of the last Fifteen Years, is Five hundred and twenty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Penny: And whereas it is equitable that the Rights and Interests of the said City should be protected: Be it enacted, That the Railway Company shall levy, collect, account for, and pay the said Duty to the Treasurer of the said City for behoof of the ordinary Revenues thereof in the same Way and Manner as the Canal Company have heretofore been in use to do; and if, after the vesting of the Canal in the Railway Company the said Duty for the Year commencing on the First Day of July in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and ending on the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty, or for any Year from the First Day of July of one Year to the Thirtieth Day of June of the Year succeeding in Time to come, shall fall in Amount below the said average yearly Sum of Five hundred and twenty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Penny, the Railway Company shall, when and so often as the same shall happen, be liable and bound to pay to the Treasurer of the said City the Amount of Difference between the Sum actually received and the said Sum of Five hundred and twenty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Penny: Provided always, that should the Sums received by the said Magistrates and Town Council, through their Treasurer as aforesaid, for any One or more of such Years, exceed the said average yearly Sum, they shall notwithstanding be entitled to receive such Duty, to whatever Sum it may amount, as they have hitherto been entitled and accustomed to do : Provided also, that if in any Year or Years the Sum so received shall exceed the said average yearly Sum, the Excess shall be applied towards making up the said average yearly Sum in any future Year or Years in which there may be Deficiency.

J

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxix.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Railway Company, out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the Railway Company authorized to be raised for the Purposes of such Act or Acts, to pay or deposit any Sum of Money which by any Standing Order of either House of Parliament, now in force or hereafter to be in force, may be required to be deposited in respect of any Application to Parliament for the Purpose of obtaining an Act authorizing the Railway Company to construct any other Railway, or execute any other Work or Undertaking.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Canal from the Provisions of any general Act relating to this Act, or of any general Act relating to Canals, or to Canals amalgamated with Railways, or of any Act relating to the Railway, now in force or which may pass during the present or any future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the Tolls, Rates, and Duties authorized to be taken by this Act.

XXX. And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by Railway; and another Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of. Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating Railways; and another Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance of Troops; and another Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament, and for other Purposes in relation to Railways; and Two other Acts were passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, the one intituled An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways, and the other intituled An Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways: Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be held to exempt the Railway or the Railway Company from the Provisions of the said several Acts respectively, but that such Provisions shall be in force in respect to the Railway and Railway Company so far as the same shall be applicable thereto.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Railway by the said recited Acts relating to the Railway Company authorized to be made, or the Railway Company, from the Provisions of any general Act relating to such Acts, or of any general Act relating to Railways, or to the better and more impartial Audit of the Accounts of Railway Companies, now in force, or which may hereafter pass during this or any future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Rates of Fares and Charges authorized by the said recited Acts or this Act.

53'J

Deposits for future Bills not to be paid out of Money authorized to be raised.

Canal not exempted from future general Acts.

Railway Company to be subject to the Provisions of 1 & 2 Vict, c. 98.,

3 & 4 Vict, c. 97.,

5 & 6 Vict, c. 55.,

7 & 8 Vict, c. 85., and 9 & 10 Vict. cc. 57.105.

Railway not to be exempt from Provisions of any general Act.

540

Definition of Terms.

[Short Title.]

Expenses of Act.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxix.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That in this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural shall include the Singular Number:

AVords importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females:

The AVord " Persons " shall include Companies or Corporate Bodies:

'flic Expression " Canal" shall mean the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal:

The Expression " Canal Company " shall mean the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal Company:

The Word " Railway" shall mean the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway:

The Expression " Railway Company" shall mean the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company:

The Word " Mortgages " shall include Bonds and Assignations or other Securities granted or to be granted under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act; and the AA'ord " Mortgagees " shall include the Creditors under any such Mortgages.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That in reciting this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, Deeds, and Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway and Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal Amalgamation Act, 1849."

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Expenses of passing this Act or incidental thereto, and of the said Disposition or Deed of Conveyance and Stamp or incidental thereto, shall be paid by the Railway Company out of the Rates, Tolls, and Duties levied on the Railway and Canal after the vesting of the Canal in the Railway Company, and in preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xxxix.

541

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

1. The Lands of Glenfuir in the County of Stirling, and also that Part of the Lands of Dorator acquired by the deceased Walter Ferrier from the late Michael Bi’uce, and that Part of the Lands of Bantaskine acquired by the deceased Walter Ferrier from Adam and John Livingstone, and that Part of the Lands of Bantaskine, extending to Eighteen Acres or thereby, lying on the East of the said Lands of Glenfuir, all in the County of Stirling, with the Mansion House and other Buildings, and a Right to the Use for the said Lands, Mansion House, and others of the Road from Lock Number Sixteen of the Forth and Clyde Navigation to Lock Number Eleven of the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal; but excepting always from this Schedule those Parts of the said Lands sold to James Russell and Henry Aitken, and also those Parts of the said Lands which lie on the West Side of the Locks of the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal, and all the Portions of the said Lands occupied by the Canal itself, and the Locks, Ponds, Basin, and Works thereof, and also the Right of Property of the Road before mentioned.

2. Union Hotel and Offices and Garden attached thereto, and Field on the West and South-west thereof, situated at Lock Number Sixteen of the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

3. Inn and House, Fountain Bridge, Edinburgh, possessed by Murdoch Fraser.

4. Land at 'Murray’s Burn in the County of Edinburgh, possessed by William Lowrie.

5. Ground at Linlithgow, occupied by William Clark.

6. Houses and Gardens at Tiend Barns, Linlithgow, occupied by John Meikle and Alexander Robertson.

7. Superiority of Grounds at Linlithgow, feued to Edward Amory Jardine, Donald M'Kenzie, and James Hill.

8. Lands of Tolcross, Edinburgh, so far as the same lie to the East of Downie Place, Lothian Road, Edinburgh.

9. The Teinds of the various Lands and others before mentioned.

6 X—Y

fe £ fe

542

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cajo.xxxix.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Debts due to the Canal Company.

Arrears of Tolls.

Arrears of Rents and Feu Duties.

Cash in Cashiers, Collectors, and Bankers Hands. 5. Two Steam Tugs.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. xl.

An Act to confer certain Powers on the Railway Passengers Assurance Company.

[£Gth June 1849.]

WHEREAS certain Persons have formed themselves into a Company under the Name and Style of "The Railway Passengers Assurance Company " for the Purpose of insuring Compensation for Loss of Life or for personal Injury to Persons travelling by Railway, whether arising from Accident or Negligence : And whereas the said Company have obtained a Certificate of complete Registration, and, together with the Shareholders therein, have been incorporated by the Name and Style aforesaid, pursuant to the several Acts passed in the Seventh and Eighth, and Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for the Registration, Incorporation, and Regulation of Joint Stock Companies : And whereas, in order to enable the Company beneficially to carry on their said Business, it is necessary that further and other Powers should be conferred on them in that Behalf: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Insurance [Local.] 6 Z Ticket

550

Insurance Tickets to be exempt from Stamp Duty; Percentage Duty on Monies received to be paid in lieu.

Company to render quarterly Accounts of Money received.

Accounts to be verified.

Company to give Security for Payment of the Duties.

Penalty for issuing Tickets without' giving Security or renewing the same when required.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xl

Ticket issued by the said Company as in this Act mentioned shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever, but in lieu thereof there shall be payable by the said Company, unto and for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in and throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, a Duty at and after the Rate of Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds upon all Sums which shall be received by the Company for or in exchange for the said Tickets, which Duty shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and shall be denominated and deemed to be a Stamp Duty.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Company shall, within Twenty Days after the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, and the Fifth Day of January in every Year, deliver to the said Commissioners at the Chief Office of Inland Revenue a true and faithful Account of all Insurance Tickets which shall have been issued by them, or by any other Company or Person under the Authority of this Act, in any Part of the United Kingdom, during the Quarter of a Year ending on any of the said Days next preceding the Delivery of such Account, and of all Sums of Money received by them for or in respect of such Tickets so issued during the same Quarter, and of all Sums of Money received and not already accounted for in respect of any other such Tickets issued at any Time previously to the Commencement of such Quarter; and the said Company shall thereupon pay to the Receiver General of Inland Revenue, or other proper Officer appointed to receive the same, the Duty which shall be due in respect of all such Sums of Money; and to and with every such Account there shall be annexed and delivered a solemn Declaration in Writing verifying the same, which Declaration shall be made by the Secretary or Accountant of the Company, or some other Officer thereof appointed by the Company and approved by the said Commissioners, before a Justice of the Peace or One of the said Commissioners, or some Person duly authorized by the said Commissioners to receive the same, and whom the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to appoint lor that Purpose.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Company before any such Tickets shall be issued shall give Security by Bond to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, with Sureties to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, and in such Amount as they shall think necessary and proper, for duly rendering such Accounts and paying the Duties that shall from Time to Time become due from the Company; and such Bond, and also every such Account and Declaration respectively, shall be in such Form as the said Commissioners shall require for better securing the Payment of the said Duties, and every such Bond shall be renewed from Time to Time whenever and so often as the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion require; anti if the said Company shall issue any such Ticket before any such Security shall be duly given, or shall refuse or neglect to renew such Security whenever and so often as the same shall in pursuance of this Act be required to be renewed, the said Company shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and the further Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Day during

551

12°& 13° VICTORIA, Cap.* 1.

the Period for which there shall be any such Refusal, Neglect, or Default, and on which any such Ticket shall be issued as aforesaid.

IY. And be it enacted, That all and every Book and Books of the said Company, and of every other Company who shall issue any Tickets under this Act, in which any Account relating to any such Tickets, or to the Money received in respect thereof, shall be entered, shall be open for the Inspection and Examination at all seasonable Times of any Officer or Officers of the said Commissioners authorized by them in that Behalf, and every such Officer shall be at liberty to take Copies of any such Book, or such Extracts therefrom as he shall think proper; and if any Clerk or Officer of any such Company, or any Person having or keeping the Custody of any such Book or having the Power to produce the same, shall, upon Demand made by any such authorized Officer of the said Commissioners, and upon producing and showing his Authority, refuse to produce such Book to such last-mentioned Officer, or to permit him to inspect and examine any such Book or to take Copies of or Extracts from the same, or shall molest, hinder, or obstruct him in the Inspection or Examination of the same, every such Clerk, Officer, or Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company and any Railway Company from Time to Time to enter into any Contracts as to the marking the Tickets which are now or may hereafter be used and issued by such Railway Company for the Purposes of their own Traffic, with such Marks and Devices as the Company may deem expedient, for limiting the Operation of such Tickets to the particular Journies for or in respect of which they shall have been issued, or as to the issuing and marking with the said Marks any Tickets which may be furnished to such Railway Company by the Company for the Pui’pose of being so marked and issued as aforesaid, and as to the collecting and receiving the Premiums of Insurance to be charged by the Company at the several Stations or Offices of such Railway Company, either by the Clerks of the Company, or by the Clerks of such Railway Company duly appointed for that Purpose, for and on behalf of the Company or otherwise, and as to such other Objects in connexion with the Business of the Company as may by the Company be deemed necessary, and may be agreed upon between the Parties to such Contracts; and in all Cases in which, by virtue of any such Contracts, the Objects of this Act are or are intended to be effected and carried out by the Means and through the Co-operation of any Railway Company, such Railway Company and their Officers duly appointed for that Purpose in pursuance of any such Contract shall for the Purpose of binding the Company be considered to be the Agents of the Company.

VI. And be it enacted, That in case it shall not be deemed desirable by the Company, or in case they shall not be able, to complete any Contract with any Railway Company by reason of any Dissent on the Part of such Railway Company or otherwise, it shall be lawful for the Company to institute and carry on, at such Place as shall be deemed expedient by the Company, any Office for the issuing and marking or

stamping,

Company's Books to be open for Inspection by Officers.

Penalty for refusing to permit Inspection.

Company may make Contracts with Bail-way Companies as to their Clerks, and Clerks of Railway Companies to be considered Agents of the Company.

Company not agreeing with Railway Company may issue Tickets from any Office of , their own.

552

Directors may fix Premiums of Insurance and vary the same.

Ticket issued by Company to ba Exe-

cution of Policy.

Holders of marked Tickets may recover from Company in case of Injury or

Death.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Caji.x 1.

stamping, on Payment of the several Premiums of Insurance which may from Time to Time be demanded by the Company to Persons about to travel by Railway, any Insurance Ticket marked as aforesaid as the Company may deem expedient; and every Insurance Ticket so marked and issued as aforesaid at any Office of the Company shall be good and sufficient Evidence of the Payment by the bond fide Holder thereof of the Premium of Insurance demanded by the Company: Provided always, that no such Office shall be instituted or carried on at any Place upon or within the Premises of any Railway Company without the previous Consent of such Railway Company thereto being first duly had and obtained.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company in their Discretion to fix the several Premiums of Insurance which shall from Time to Time be demanded by the Company, and from Time to Time to vary the same as they may deem expedient: Provided always, that a printed Table of such Premiums, which Table shall also contain the Particulars to be given by the Notice of Injury hereinafter mentioned, and a Statement of the Time within which and the Place where such Notice is to be delivered, shall be stuck up or posted in some conspicuous Part of every Railway Station or independent Office of the Company at or from which any Insurance Ticket shall be issued by the Authority of the Company.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases the issuing by the Authority of the Company .any Insurance Ticket, marked or stamped as aforesaid, to any Person who shall on Payment of the Premiums of Insurance demanded by the Company duly obtain the same, shall be held to be a valid and bond fide Execution on the Part of the Company of the Policy or Contract set out in the Schedule to this Act, and that no other Matter or Thing shall be required to be done by the Company in order to legally bind the Company to the due Performance thereof.

IX. And be it enacted, That in the event of personal Injury or Death, whether arising from Accident or Negligence, happening to the bond fide Holder of any Insurance Ticket issued by the Company during the Journey in respect of which such Ticket shall have been issued, such bond fi.de Holder or his legal Representative, or in case such bond fide Holder shall be a married Woman then her Husband, may recover on the said Contract or Policy set out in the said Schedule in an Action at Law as fully and effectually as if the Company had duly and effectually and regularly executed the said Contract or Policy, and delivered the same so executed to such bond fide Holder on the marking and issuing of the said Insurance Ticket; and the Company shall be taken to have fully and effectually contracted with anu agreed to insure such bond fide Holder, according to the Terms and the true Intent and Meaning of the said Contract or Policy, by the marking and issuing of the said Ticket, and no further or other Act on the Part of the Company shall be necessary to legally bind them to perform the same: Provided always, that no Action shall be brought thereon against the Company until after the Expiration of One Month after Notice thereof.

553

12° & 13° VICTORIA,

X. And be it enacted, That any Person in the Possession of who are to

such Insurance Ticket shall in the Absence of any Evidence to the be deemed contrary be deemed to be the bond fide Holder of such Ticket. Holders6

XI. And be it enacted, That no Insurance Ticket issued by the Ticket not

Company shall in any Case be transferable. to be trans-

ferable.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly transfer Transferring or pass any Ticket marked as aforesaid to any Person who may have been Ticket to injured, or to the Body of any Person who may have been killed, with defraud the Intent of defrauding the Company, such Person shall be deemed treated'^as and taken to have committed a Misdemeanor, and shall be liable to the a Misde-Pains and Penalties thereof, and such Ticket so transferred as afore- meanor. said shall be utterly void and of no Effect against the Company.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in the event of any personal Injury Notice of within the Meaning of this Act occurring on any Railway to any bona I"j|ir.v10 be fide Holder of an Insurance Ticket during the Journey insured, such Assured. Holder, or in case of Death resulting from such Injury then the legal Representative of such Holder, shall, within a reasonable Time after the occurring of such Accident or Death, give Notice in Writing to the Company at their Office in London of such Injury and the Nature thereof, or of such Death, together with a Statement of the Christian and Surname and of the Occupation and Address of the Party injured or who may have died; and in case such Notice and Statement shall not have been given as aforesaid, such Holder or legal Representative shall be deemed to have no Claim on the Company in respect of such Injury or Death.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in Cases other than those of Death person in-such Holder so injured as aforesaid shall, within a reasonable Time after jured to the occurring of the said Injury, and at the Request of the Company, suhm‘f to submit, either at the Office of the said Company or at the Address ofX-\i"jicai°r' given by him as aforesaid, at the Option of such Holder, or at some officer of other convenient Place to be agreed upon, to be examined by the Company. Medical Officer of the Company, and shall give .‘ill such Information

to the Company as the Company may reasonably require, in order to ascertain the Nature and Extent of the said Injury.

XV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases of Death in consequence i, casc of of any Injury within the Meaning of this Act the Company may cause Death, Com-the Body to be examined by their Medical Officer at any Time Pan>' luay previous to the Day of the Interment thereof.

examine

Body.

XVI. And be it enacted, That in all Cases other than those of offer of Death, within Thirty Days after the Company shall have received such Compensa-Notice in Writing as aforesaid, the Company shall offer such Amount ,ion bc of Compensation as to the Company shall seem liberal and reasonable, Com'nn^ Regard being had to the particular Premium of Insurance which Thirty ' shall have been paid by such Holder, by leaving a Notice thereof at J?ays altcr the Address given by him as aforesaid. Examination.

[ Local

7 A

554

Claimant not dissenting in Twenty-one Days to be considered to have agreed.

Claimant may demand an Extension of Time.

If Extension of Time desired, Company may amend Offer of Compensation.

Claimant not dissenting before Time

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.-A.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if such Holder do not dissent from the said Offer of Compensation so sent in as aforesaid by a Notice under his Hand or under the Hand of his Agent lawfully authorized, and left at the Office of the Company in London within Twenty-one Days after such Oder of Compensation has been made as aforesaid, or shall not have required a further Extension of Time for the further Consideration of such Offer of Compensation in the Manner after mentioned, then he shall be taken to have agreed to the same; and on Payment to him by the Company of the Sums so offered within One Calendar Month after the leaving such Notice of Compensation as aforesaid, he shall have no further Claim against the Company in respect of such Injury.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if such Holder shall desire an Extension of Time for the further Consideration of such Offer of Compensation, he shall intimate such Desire within the Twenty-one Days after such Offer of Compensation shall have been made as aforesaid by Notice under his Hand or under the Hand of his Agent lawfully authorized, and left at the said Office of the Company, and such Notice shall state the Date to which the said Time is desired to be extended: Provided always, that such Holder may from Time to Time during the Illness occasioned by such Injury, but only by a similar Notice left as aforesaid within the Time limited in any former Notice, require such further Extension of Time for the Consideration of the Offer of Compensation made by the Company as to him shall seem proper, and such Holder shall not be deemed to have agreed to the first Offer of Compensation made by the Company before the Expiry of the Time limited in the last Notice left as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any such Extension of Time for further Consideration of such Offer shall have been desired and intimated as aforesaid, the Company may from Time to Time, and at any Time within Ten Days before the Expiry of the Time limited in the last Notice left by such Holder, make any amended Offer of Compensation to such Holder which to the Company may seem reasonable and proper, and any such amended Offer shall operate as a Withdrawal of the first Offer of Compensation, or previous Offer of amended Compensation, as the Case may be; and any such amended Offer shall be made by leaving a Notice thereof at the Address given by such Holder as aforesaid : Provided always, that although some Portion of the Time required for the further Consideration of any such first Offer or amended Offer may remain unexpired, such Holder may, by a Notice under his Hand or under the Hand of his Agent lawfully authorized, and left at the said Office of the Company, intimate his Willingness to accept such first Offer of Compensation if no amended Offer has been made, and if an amended Offer has been made then of the last made amended Offer, and the same shall be binding on such Holder and the Company.

XX. And be it enacted, That if, before the Expiry of the Time limited in any Notice for further Consideration, such Holder do not, by a Notice under his Hand or under the Hand of his Agent lawfully

authorized,

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. x 1. 555

authorized, and left at the said Office of the Company, dissent from limited in the first Offer of Compensation made by the Compuny, or, where any Notice for amended Offer of Compensation has been made, do not before the *^1 erntion° Expiry of the same Time dissent in a similar Manner from the last be jecil)ed amended Offer of Compensation made by the Company, such Holder to have shall be deemed to have agreed to accept such first Offer of Compen- agreed, sation, or such last amended Offer of Compensation, as the Case may be; and on Payment to him by the Company of the Amount of such first Offer of Compensation, where no amended Offer of Compensation has been made, and, where an amended Offer of Compensation has been made, on Payment of the Amount of such last amended Offer of Compensation within One Calendar Month after the Expiry of the Time limited in the Notice for further Consideration, such Holder shall have no further Claim against the Company in respect of such Injury.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if such Holder shall have dissented If Assured in the Manner herein directed from the Offer of Compensation

made by the Company as aforesaid, or in case the Company shall offer, lie is have omitted or refused to offer Compensation as aforesaid, and to give such Holder shall be desirous of having his Claim and the Amount Notice of of such Compensation settled by Arbitration, such Holder shall, A'bitration. unless both Parties shall concur in the Appointment of a single Arbitrator within Twenty-one Days after the Delivery of the said Offer where no Extension of Time for the Consideration of such Offer shall have been required, and where such Extension of Time shall have been required, then before the Expiry of such extended Time, nominate and appoint an Arbitrator to act on his Behalf, such Appointment to be signed by such Holder, or by his Agent lawfully authorized, and shall give Notice to the Company that he is desirous that his Claim and the Amount of such Compensation shall be settled by Arbitration, which Notice shall contain the Name of the Person appointed by him to act as Arbitrator on his Behalf, and the Address to which all Notices in respect of such Arbitration shall be sent, and shall be signed by him or his Agent, and left at the said Office of the Company within Twenty-one Days after the Delivery of such Offer of Compensation, or before the Expiry of such extended Time, as the Case may be.

XXII. And be it enacted, That within Seven Days after such Notice Company to of Arbitration shall have been so left as aforesaid the Company shall appoint Ar-(in case it be not otherwise agreed between the Parties) appoint by b"^torwith' Writing an Arbitrator on the Part of the Company, such Appoint- Days after ment to be signed by any Two of the Directors of the Company, and Notice of shall also within such Time last aforesaid give Notice thereof to such Arbitration. Holder, which Notice shall contain the Name and Address of the

Person so appointed by the said Directors, and shall be left at the Address mentioned in the Notice of Arbitration.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if the Company shall fail, within If ‘he Com-Seven Days after such Notice of Arbitration shall have been left Ilany fai),0 as aforesaid, to appoint an Arbitrator to act on the Part of the Com- Arbitrator

pany, the Arbi- ’

556’

trator named by the other Party may determine the Matter in dispute.

Arbitration not to be revoked, and to be deemed a Submission.

Vacancy of Arbitrator to be supplied.

Appointment of Umpire.

Associate of the Chief Justice of the Court of Queen’s Bench to appoint an Umpire on Neglect of tile Arbitrators.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. x 1.

pany, then upon such Failure such Holder may appoint the Arbitrator nominated by him as aforesaid to act for both Parties, and the Arbitrator so nominated may determine the Amount of such Claim and Compensation, and in such Case the Award or Determination of such single Arbitrator shall be final.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That after any Appointment of an Arbitrator, or after any Agreement to refer to a single Arbitrator shall have been made, neither Party shall have Power to revoke the same without the Consent of the other, nor shall the Death of any such Holder making or concurring in any such Appointment operate as a .Revocation of the Powers conferred on any Arbitrator for the Purposes of this Act; and the giving of any Notice of Arbitration containing the Particulars, and signed as aforesaid, or the concurring in the Appointment of a single Arbitrator, shall be deemed a Submission to Arbitration by such Holder, who shall in such Case have no other Claim against the Company than the Amount which shall he declared in and by the Award or Determination in such Submission; and the Submission to any such Arbitration may be made a Rule of any of the Superior Courts on the Application of either of the Parties.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if, before the Matters so referred shall be determined, any Arbitrator appointed by either Party die or become incapable to act, the Party by whom such Arbitrator was appointed may nominate and appoint in Writing some other Person to act in his Place; and if, for the Space of Seven Days after Notice in Writing from the other Party for that Purpose, he fail to do so, the remaining or other Arbitrator may proceed ex parte, and every Arbitrator so to be substituted as aforesaid shall have the same Powers and Authorities as were vested in the former Arbitrator at the Time of such his Death or Incapacity as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That where more than One Arbitrator shall have been appointed, such Arbitrators shall, before they enter upon the Matters referred to them, nominate and appoint by Writing under their Hands an Umpire to decide on any such Matters in which they shall differ, or which shall be referred to him under this Act; and if such Umpire shall die or become incapable to act they shall forthwith after such Death or Incapacity appoint another Umpire in his Place; and the Decision of every such Umpire in the Matters so referred to him shall be final.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if in either of the Cases aforesaid the said Arbitrators shall refuse, or shall, for Seven Days after Request of either Party to such Arbitration, neglect to appoint an Umpire, the Associate of the Chief .1 ustice of the Court of Queen’s Bench at Westminster shall, on the Application of either Party to such Arbitration, appoint an Umpire, and the Decision of such Umpire in the Matters in which the Arbitrators shall ditier, or which shall be referred to him under this Act, shall be final.

12" & 13° VICTORIAS, Cap. x\. 657

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That if where a single Arbitrator shall J"

have been appointed such Arbitrator shall die or become incapable to s;a'g|e'^rbi-

act before he shall have made his Award, the Matters referred to him trator die

shall be determined by Arbitration under the Provisions of this Act Matter to

in the same Manner as if such Arbitrator had not been appointed. begin de

novo.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if where more than One Arbitrator shall have been appointed either of the Arbitrators refuse or for Seven Days neglect to act, the other Arbitrator may proceed ex parte, and the Decision of such other Arbitrator shall be as effectual as if he had been the single Arbitrator appointed by both Parties.

If either Arbitrator refuse to act, the other to proceed ex parte.

XXX. And be it enacted, That if where more than One Arbitrator If Arbitra-shall have been appointed, and where neither of them shall refuse or neglect to act as aforesaid, such Arbitrators shall fail to make their ^wa(ll Award within Twenty-one Days after the Day on which the last of in Twenty-such Arbitrators shall have been appointed, or within such extended one Days Time (if any) as shall have been appointed for that Purpose by both t,ie such Arbitrators under their Hands, the Matters referred to them shall Empire. ' be determined by the Umpire to be appointed as aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the said Arbitrators or their Umpire Power for may call for the Production of any Documents in the Possession or Arbitrator* Power of either Party which they or he may think necessary for deter- ^ for mining the Question in dispute, and may examine the Parties or their Witnesses on Oath, and administer the Oaths necessary for that Purpose.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That before any Arbitrator or Umpire shall enter into the Consideration of any Matters referred to him he shall in the Presence of a Justice make and subscribe the following Declaration; (that is to say,)

4 J A.B. do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I will faithfully and * honestly, and to the best of my Skill and Ability, hear and deter-‘ mine the Matters referred to me under the Provisions of [here recite 4 the Title of this Act], A.B.'

4 Made and subscribed in the Presence of .’

And such Declaration shall be annexed to the Award when made; and if any Arbitrator or Umpire having made such Declaration shall wilfully act contrary thereto he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That no Award made with respect to The Award

any Question referred to Arbitration under the Provisions of this Act not to be set shall be set aside for Irregularity or Error in Matter of Form. aside for

Error in Mat.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That all the Costs of any such Arbi- Costs of " tration and incident thereto, to be settled by the Arbitrators, shall be Arbitration borne by the Company, unless the Arbitrator shall award the same or how ,0 be a less Sum than shall have been offered by the Company, in which borne-Case such Costs shall be in the Discretion of the Arbitrator.

Arbitrator or Umpire to make a Declaration.

7 B

Nooneunder Twelve to be insured.

Claims of Persons at Common Caw and under 9 & 10 Vict. c. 93. against any other Company or Person not to be prejudiced.

Costs of the Act bow to be paid.

Interpretation of the Act.

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. x 1.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Company to insure any Person under the Age of Twelve Years, and that every Insurance Ticket obtained by or on behalf of any such Person shall be utterly void against the Company.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That no Contract of the Company, or any Compensation received or recoverable by virtue of such Contract either under this Act or otherwise, shall be field to prejudice or affect any Right of Action, Claim, or Demand which any Person, or his Executors or Administrators, may have against any Company or Person for the Injury in respect of which such Compensation shall be received or recoverable, whether the Injury shall have been fatal or otherwise, either at Common Law or under or by virtue of an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for compensating the Families of Persons killed by Accidents, or any other Act of Parliament.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That all the Costs and Expenses attending the applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act shall be paid out of the Funds of the Company in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females:

The Expression " the Company" shall mean the said Railway Passengers Assurance Company.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

l(i° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xl.

SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act.

THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE COMPANY,

Empowered by an Act passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled " An Act to confer certain Powers on the Railway " Passengers Assurance Company."

Know all Men by these Presents, That if any Person above the Age of Twelve Years, about to travel by Railway, shall, on Payment of the Premium of Insurance demanded by the said Company in respect thereof, duly obtain any Insurance Ticket marked with the Marks of the said Company, the said Company hereby agrees, in consideration of the Payment of such Premium as aforesaid, with such Person as follows; (that is to say,) If such Person shall, while travelling by Railway, and while such Ticket is in full Force and Effect, sustain any personal Injury whatever incident to and consequent on Railway Travelling, whether resulting from Accident or Negligence, then the said Company shall pay to such Person, on Proof of such Injury, such Sum not exceeding One thousand Pounds if such Person so injured as aforesaid at the Time of such Injury was a First-class Passenger, and had paid the Premium fixed by the Company for such Class, or not exceeding Five hundred Pounds if such Person was a Second-class Passenger, and had paid the Premium fixed by the Company for such Second Class, or not exceeding Two hundred Pounds if such Person was a Third-class Passenger, and had paid the Premium fixed by the Company for such Third Class, as shall be deemed a reasonable and liberal Compensation for such Injury, as well as for the Pain of Mind and Body and the Loss of Time and Money consequent thereon sustained by such Person, such Compensation to be ascertained and paid in the Manner provided by the said Act; and if such Person shall die from the Effect of such Injury within Three Months after the occurring of the same, then the Company shall pay to the Executors or Administrators of such Person, on Proof of such Death, the Sum of One thousand Pounds if such deceased Person was at the Time of the Injury as aforesaid a First-class Passenger, and had paid the Premium fixed by the Company for such Class, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds if such Person was at such Time a Second-class Passenger, and had paid the Premium fixed by the Company for such Second Class, and the Sum of Two hundred Pounds if such Person was at such Time a Third-class Passenger, and had paid the Premium fixed by the Company for such Third Class.

Provided always, That in case the said Company shall, before the Death of such Person so injured as aforesaid, have paid any Sum of

Money

5G0

V2° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xl

Money to such Person so injured as aforesaid as and by way of Compensation for such Injury, such Sum of Money so paid as aforesaid may, on the Death of such Person so injured as aforesaid, after such Payment or Payments, and within Three Months after the occurring of the said Injury, be deducted by the said Company from the Sum of Money hereby otherwise agreed to be paid by them in the event of such Death as aforesaid; and provided always, that the said Company shall in no Case be liable to pay to the Holder of any Insurance Ticket, or to his Executor or Administrator, any Sum of Money in respect of any Injury wilfully caused by such Holder. In witness, §c.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

VICTORIAE UEGIN E.

i*1

Cap. xli.

An Act to enable the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for other Purposes.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh and Eighth

Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An 7 & g vict. Act for making a Railway from Chester to Holyhead, c. 65. whereby certain Persons were incorporated by the Name of the " Chester and Holyhead Railway Company And whereas another Act was passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for completing the Line of the Chester g & 9 Vict. and Holyhead Railway, and for amending the Act relating to the said c. 33. Railway: And whereas another Act was passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to&iiVict. to enable the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company to extend their c. 238.

Line of Railway to the proposed new Harbour at Holyhead, and to contribute towards the Expense of constructing the said Harbour : And whereas another Act was also passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize an 10 & 11 Vict. Extension of and the Construction of a Station in connexion with the c. 1*7. Chester and Holyhead Railway at Chester, and for other Purposes:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth [•Local.] 7 C Years

562

11 & 12 Vict, c. 60.

[Short Title.]

Power to raise additional Money by Creation ofnewShares.

Power to raise Money by Mortgage not exceeding 200,000l.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xYi.

Years of the Ileign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company to purchase, hire, and use Steam Boats, and for other Purposes : And whereas, for the Purpose of enabling the said Chester and Holyhead Railway Company to complete the Works authorized to be executed by the said recited Acts, it is expedient that the Capital of the said Chester and Holyhead Railway Company authorized to be raised by the Acts above recited should be increased, and that the said Acts should be amended for that Purpose; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be attained without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in citing this Act in Parliamentary and legal Instruments and Documents it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Chester and Holyhead Railway (Increase of Capital) Act, 1849."

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise the Sum of Three hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds by the Creation of new Shares or Stock, in addition to any Sums which they are already authorized to raise, upon such Terms generally and in such Manner as may be or may have been agreed upon at any General Meeting or Meetings of the Company specially convened for the Purpose; or it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise the said Sum of Three hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds by the Creation of Shares or Stock bearing a guaranteed Rate of Interest or Dividend not exceeding Ten per Centum, to be paid in preference to and before any Dividend shall be payable upon the general Capital of the Company : Provided always, that any preference or guaranteed Shares to be created under the Powers of this Act shall be postponed to and take effect after the preference or guaranteed Shares already created by the Company : Provided also, that Five Pounds per Share shall be the greatest Amount of any One Call which the Directors of the said Company may make on the Shares or Stock to be created under the Powers of this Act, and that there shall be an Interval of Two Calendar Months at least between the Time fixed for the Payment of One Call and the Time fixed for the Payment of the next succeeding Call: Provided always, that all and every Part of such Sum of Money so to be raised shall be applicable only to the Objects and Purposes by this Act authorized.

III. And whereas under and by virtue of the several Acts hereinbefore recited, and also by the Mold Railway Act, 1847, the said Company were empowered to raise the Sum of Two millions seven hundred and eighty thousand Pounds by the Creation of Shares, and a further Sum of Nine hundred and twenty-six thousand three hundred and thirty-two Pounds upon Mortgage of their Undertaking, which last-mentioned Sum or any Part thereof the said Company were authorized to raise by the Creation of Shares, if they should so think fit: And whereas the said Company, instead of borrowing the whole of the said Sum of Nine hundred and twenty-six thousand three hundred and thirty-two Pounds upon Mortgage as aforesaid, have raised

'j; the

503

12" & 13° VICTORIA, CV.xli.

the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, being Part thereof, by the Creation of Shares: And whereas the total Capital which the said Company have raised and are authorized to raise in Shares amounts to the Sum of Two millions nine hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, and the Sum which the said Company are empowered to raise upon Mortgage amounts to the Sum of Seven hundred and twenty-six thousand three hundred and thirty-two Pounds : Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, if they shall so think fit, to borrow on Mortgage such Sum of Money as shall from Time to Time be or shall have been authorized to be borrowed by an Order of any General or Special General Meeting of the said Company, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, as Part of the Sum of Three hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds herein-before authorized to be raised by the Creation of Shares or Stock.

IV. And be it enacted, That after the whole of the said Sum of Three hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed or raised by Mortgage, as herein-before provided, and One Half of the Sum by this and the said recited Acts authorized to be raised by Shares shall have been paid up, it shall be lawful for the said Company, subject to the same or the like Provisions as are contained in the said recited Acts with reference to the Monies thereby authorized to be borrowed, to borrow on Mortgage such Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be authorized to bg borrowed by an Order of any General or Special General Meeting of the said Company, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred and eight thousand Pounds, in addition to the Sums which they are by the said Acts authorized to borrow: Provided always, that the Sum to be borrowed on Mortgage shall not, together with any other Sum which the said Company may be authorized to raise by Mortgage, exceed One Third of the then existing Share Capital of the said Company : Provided also, that all and every Part of such Sum of Money so to be raised shall be applicable only to the Objects and Purposes by this Act authorized.

V. And be it enacted, That if after having borrowed any Part of the Money by this Act authorized to be borrowed the said Company shall pay off the same, it shall be lawful for them again to borrow the Sum so paid off, or any Part thereof, and so from Time to Time.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Mortgages granted by the said Company before the passing of this Act, and which shall be in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall during the Continuance thereof have Priority over all Mortgages to be created by virtue of this Act.

Vlf. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, if they think fit, to raise the additional Sum so authorized to be borrowed, or any Part thereof, by creating new Shares of the Company, instead of borrowing the same, or, having borrowed the same, it shall be lawful for them to continue at Interest only a Part of the additional Sum, if they so think fit, and to raise the Remainder thereof, or any Part of the Remainder thereof by creating new i-.;. .... Shares

Power to borrow additional Money on Mortgage.

Reborrow-

ing.

Former Mortgages to have Priority.

Power to convert Loan into Capital.

564

Companies not to pay Interest on Calls paid up.

Deposits for future Bills not to be paid out of the Company’s Capital.

Certain Provisions in first-recited Act as to providing a Station at Ty-Newydd repealed.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xli.

Shares of the Company in manner aforesaid, but no such Augmentation of Capital shall take place unless by Order of a General Meeting of the Company.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company, out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the said Company authorized to be raised by Calls in respect of Shares or by the Exercise of any Power of borrowing, to pay Interest or Dividend to any Shareholder on the Amount of the Calls made in respect of the Shares held by him in the Capital by this Act authorized to be raised : Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall be deemed to prevent the said Company from paying to any Shareholder such Interest on Money advanced by him beyond the Amount of the Calls actually made as shall be in conformity with the Provisions contained in the several Acts relating to the said Company.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company, out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the said Company authorized to be raised for the Purposes of such Act or Acts, to pay or deposit any Sum of Money which by any Standing Order of either House of Parliament, now in force or hereafter to be in force, may be required to be deposited in respect of any Application to Parliament for the Purpose of obtaining an Act authorizing the said Company to construct any other Railway, or execute any other Work or Undertaking.

X. And whereas by the first-recited Act it was enacted, that the said Company should make simultaneously with the Railway thereby authorized to be made, and for ever thereafter maintain, a convenient Station on the Line of the said Railway at Ty-Newydd in the Parish of Llangadwaladr in the County of Anglesea, together with all necessary and proper Approaches to the said Station from the nearest Highway or Road, and should maintain a sufficient Establishment of Clerks and Porters or other Servants at such Station, and permit the Public to have free Access thereto for the Purpose of joining or communicating with the Trains stopping at such Station, subject to the same Regulations as were applied to other Stations upon the Line: And whereas the said Station was so required to be made by the said Company at the Instance of Owen John Augustus Fuller Meyrick Esquire, the Owner of considerable Property through or upon which the said Railway has been constructed, and as Part of the Consideration for which he disposed of the Parts of his Estate required by the said Company for the Construction of their said Railway: And whereas the said Company have agreed with the said Owen John Augustus Fuller Meyrick to construct a Station, in lieu of the one so as aforesaid required and agreed to be made at Ty-Newydd, on the Site herein-after described or referred to, and which has been found to be more for the public Convenience, and it is therefore expedient that the said Provision should be repealed : Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Provision shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xli. 565

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Company shall make, and For provid-for ever thereafter maintain, a convenient Station, to be called " The inS a Station Bodorgan Station," on the Line of the said Railway, at the Spot now Jhe^dorean occupied by the said Railway formerly Part of Fields or Enclosures station, situate in the said Parish of Llangadwaladr in the said County of Anglesey, and numbered 16, 20, 22, and 23 on the Plans of the said

Railway deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or some or one of them, together with all necessary and proper Approaches to the said Station from the public Highway or Road numbered 113 on the said Plans in the Parish of Trefdraeth in the said County, and shall maintain a sufficient Establishment of Clerks and Porters, or other Servants, at such Stations, and permit the Public to have free Access thereto for the Purpose of joining or communicating with the Trains stopping at such Station, subject to the same Regulations as are applicable to other Stations upon the said Railway.

XII. And whereas by the firstly-recited Act it was enacted, that Power to the Number of Directors of the said Company should be Eighteen, ^duce whereof Nine should be appointed by the Directors of the London D"r™bt"sof and Birmingham Railway Company, now the London and Northwestern Railway Company, and the Remainder by the Shareholders

of the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company, and it is expedient that the last-mentioned Company should be empowered to reduce the Number of Directors: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, from Time to Time, by the Vote of any General or Special General Meeting, to reduce the Number of Directors to any Number not less than Twelve; and in case of such Reduction being resolved upon the Number of Directors to be appointed by the London and North-western Railway Company shall be reduced in the same Proportion.

XIII. And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of Railway the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by Railway; and another Act was to the Pro-passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, visions of intituled An Act for regulating Railways; and another Act was l&2 Vict. passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled 3'^.’ vict An Act for the better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance c< 97 of Troops; and another Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the 5 & 6 Vict. Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to attach certain Con- c- 55., ditions to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to be ‘c g.s ^t-authorized by any Act of ' the present or succeeding Sessions of Par- 9"& i’ovici. liament, and for other Purposes in relation to Railways; and cc. 57.105. Two other Acts were passed in the Tenth Year of the lleign of Her said Majesty, intituled respectively An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways, and An Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways: Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be held to exempt the Railway by the said recited Acts authorized, or the said Company, from the Provisions of the said several Acts respectively, but that such Provisions shall be in force in respect of the said Railway and Company so far as the same shall be applicable thereto.

566

Railway not exempt from Provisions of future general Acts.

Expenses of Act.

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xli.

XIV. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Railway by the said recited Acts authorized to be made from the Provisions of any general Act relating to such Acts, or of any general Act relating to Railways, now in force or which may hereafter pass during this or any future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Rates of Fares and Charges authorized by the said recited Acts.

XV. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of obtaining and passing this Act, or incident thereto, shall be paid and defrayed by the said Company out of the Funds of the said Company already raised or received, or to be raised or received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act.

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

uir.

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. xlii.

An Act for making the Parish of Richmond in the County of Surrey a District Vicarage, by dividing the Vicarage of Kingston-upon- Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond into Two separate Vicarages, and for providing a Stipend and Residence for the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid, and for extinguishing the Vicarial Tithes in the Parish of Richmond, and for other Purposes relating to such Vicarages.

[26th June 1849.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for dividing the Vicarage of 9 G. 3 c. 65. Kingston-upon-Thames in the County of Surrey, with the several Chapelries or Curacies thereto belonging or thereon dependent, into Two separate Vicarages and Two separate Perpetual Curacies, in such Manner as is therein mentioned, it was enacted, that from and after the next Avoidance of the said Vicarage of Kingston-upon-Thames and of the Chapel or Curacy of Sheen otherwise Richmond in the said County of Surrey, the succeeding Vicar of Kingston-upon-[Loca/.] 7 E, Thames

570

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xln.

Thames aforesaid, and his Successors, should for ever hold and enjoy the said Vicarage of Kingston-upon- Thames and the said Chapel or Curacy of Sheen otherwise Richmond, together with the Hamlets of Ham and Hook, therein mentioned, as One distinct and independent Vicarage, and that the said Vicarage of Kingston-upon-Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond, together with the Hamlets of Ham and Hook, should be a separate and distinct Vicarage, by the Name of "The Vicarage of Kingston-upon-Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond," and should be divided from the rest of the said Vicarage of Kingston-upon-Thames, and the other Chapelries or Curacies thereto belonging or thereon dependent, and should for ever be held and enjoyed by the Vicars thereof, to be nominated and appointed as therein is mentioned, and that all Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments situate within the several Townships, Villages, or Hamlets of Kingston-upon-Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond should from thenceforth constitute the said Vicarage of Kingston-upon- Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond, and that the Perpetual Advowson, Right of Presentation and Nomination of Vicars to hold the said Vicarage should be and the same was thereby vested in George Hardinge Esquire, therein named, his Heirs and Assigns: Indenture, And whereas by an Indenture bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day dated 26th of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and expressed April 1781. £0 [)e macie between the said George Hardinge and Thomas Pickering, therein described (a Trustee for the said George Hardinge), of the one Part, and the Reverend William Cooke Doctor of Divinity, the then Provost of King's College of Blessed Mary and Saint Nicholas of Cambridge, and the Scholars of the same College, of the other Part, the Advowson of the said Vicarage of Kingston-upon-Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond was granted and assured unto and to the Use of the said Provost and Scholars, their Successors and Assigns, for ever : And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the 25 G. 3. c. 4l. Third, intituled An Act to repeal Part of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond in the County of Surrey, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and for making new Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of the Highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other Places in the Town and Parish of Richmond aforesaid, for the Removal and Prevention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein, for inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the said Parish for the Use of the Poor, and to enable the Vestrymen of the said Parish to erect a Workhouse thereon, and to purchase Land for a Burial Ground, and also to enable His Majesty to shut up a Lane within the said Parish called " Love-lane," it was enacted, that from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, w'ho should be elected in such Manner as therein-after is mentioned, together with the Minister and Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, and also such acting Justices for the County of Surrey as for the Time being shall be resident within the said Parish of Richmond, should be constituted and called Vestrymen of the said Parish for the Purposes in the said 7 Act

571

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlii.

Act mentioned, and that they should stand in the Place of and be invested with all such Rights, Privileges, and Authorities as theretofore belonged to or were used or exercised by the Vestry of the whole Parish; and in the said last-mentioned Act are contained Provisions for the Appointment by the said Vestrymen of a Treasurer and other Officers of the said Parish : And whereas the Reverend Samuel Whitlock Gandy Clerk is the Vicar of the said Vicarage of Kingston-upon-Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond, and the ecclesiastical Duties of the said Parish of Richmond are performed by Curates nominated by the said Vicar: And whereas the Pew Rents of the Parish Church of Richmond aforesaid have been by long Usage paid to and received by the said Vestrymen of the said Parish or their Treasurer for the Time being, and the said Vestrymen have from Time to Time thereout paid a Stipend to the Vicar for the Time being of the said Vicarage of Kingston-upon- Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond, and Salaries and Allowances to the Clerk,

Organist, Collector, Pew-opener, Beadle, Verger, and Ringers of the said Parish of Richmond: And whereas the Boundaries of the said Parish of Richmond are well known and defined, and the said Parish is of large Extent, and contains a Population of upwards of Seven thousand seven hundred Souls: And whereas by an Order of Her Order in Majesty in Council, bearing Date the Twenty-ninth Day of November Council, One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, a particular District was assigned to the Chapel called " Saint John’s Chapel," in the said asgjgnj,g ’ Parish of Richmond, under the Provisions of the Sixteenth Section District of of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty Saint John, King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend and render ^gdQf3 more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for * 13j._' building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes, and such District was thereby ordered to be called " Saint John's District," with the Boundaries therein mentioned; and it was thereby further ordered that Marriages, Baptisms, and Churchings should be solemnized and performed in the said Chapel, and that the Fees arising from Marriages and Churchings should belong to the Minister of the said Chapel, and which Order has been duly inserted in the Gazette : And whereas it would tend to improve the Ecclesiastical Superintendence of the said Parish of Richmond, and would in other respects be of public Utility, if upon the next Avoidance of the said Vicarage of Kingston-upon- Thames and Sheen otherwise‘Richmond the said Parish of Richmond were created a distinct and separate Vicarage from the said Vicarage of Kingston-upon-Thames, and if a suitable Residence were provided for the future Vicars of Richmond: And whereas it is estimated that the Value of the Vicarial Tithes (if any) annually accruing within the said Parish of Richmond amounts to the Sum of Two hundred and seventy-four Pounds, or thereabouts: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether or not any Vicarial Tithes are payable in respect of any Lands within the said Parish; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be put an end to, and that all Vicarial Tithes, Small Tithes,

Easter Dues, Oblations, and Offerings (other than Surplice Fees), and all Rent-charges or Payments in lieu of Small Tithes (if any), arising within the said Parish, should be extinguished, and that a Stipend should be raised and secured for the future Vicars of

Richmond,

572

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlii.

Richmond, and a Residence provided for such future Vicars as hereinafter mentioned: And whereas it is also expedient that the present Rentals of the respective Pews in the said Parish Church of Richmond should be confirmed, and that a Stipend should be assigned to the future Vicars of Richmond out of the said Pew Rents and other Monies herein-after mentioned, and that Powers should be granted for providing a Residence for the said future Vicars, and for other Purposes, as herein-after mentioned : And whereas the said Provost and Scholars of King's College, Cambridge, aforesaid, as Patrons of the said Vicarage of Kingston-upon- Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond, are desirous that the Purposes aforesaid should be carried into effect, and the Consent of the Lord Bishop of Win-chester (the Bishop of the Diocese) and of the said Parish of Richmond in Vestry assembled has been obtained to the Accomplishment of the aforesaid Purposes; but such beneficial Object cannot be effectually carried into execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Richmond the same, That from and immediately after the next Avoidance of to become a t|le sa;c] Vicarage of Kingston-upon- Thames and Sheen otherwise vfcarace. Richmond the aforesaid Parish of Richmond shall be and become a n distinct and separate Vicarage, and be called "The Vicarage of Richmond," and the Vicar of the said Vicarage of Richmond shall be incorporated and made a Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of " The Vicar of Richmondand shall have perpetual Succession, and he and his Successors shall receive and take all Surplice Fees and Emoluments for parochial Services in the said Parish, and all Stipends and Sums of Money, under or by virtue of any Deed, Will, or other Instrument, or by Custom, payable to the Minister or officiating Minister of the said Parish for the Time being, and shall have the same Powers from Time to Time to nominate and appoint a Minister to the said Chapel called " Saint John's Chapel," in the Parish of Richmond aforesaid, as the Vicar of Kingston-upon-Thames and Richmond now has, and may also receive, take, and hold to himself and themselves all such Lands, Hereditaments, and Rent-charges as may be granted unto or obtained for him or them, in the same Manner as any other Vicar is by Law entitled to do; and all the public and general Laws, Canons, and Statutes of this Realm now in force concerning Vicarages, Vicars, Parish Churches, and parochial Clergy (except as is otherwise specially provided for by this Act) shall be in full Force and have Effect and Operation in all respects in regard to the said Vicarage and Vicarage Church of Richmond, in like Manner as if the same had been at all Times a distinct and separate Vicarage and Vicarage Church, and the same shall be subject to the like Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, Visitation, and Control as the Vicarage of Kingston-upon-Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond is now subject.

Power to

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Samuel the Rev. Whitlock Gandy, if he shall think fit, at any Time after the passing S. W. Gandy Qp tj,js Act, w Writing under his Hand (to be registered in the

to resign ° ^

Registry

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlii. 5/3

Registry of the Diocese of Winchester for the Parts of Surrey, or his present

to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery), to resign and avoid

his said Vicarage of Kingston-upon- Thames and Sheen otherwise to Richmond.

Richmond, so far as relates to the said Parish of Richmond, and to

retain the rest of his said Vicarage as if such partial Resignation or

Disturbance and Avoidance had not taken place, and without any

fresh Presentation, Institution, Induction, or Collation thereto; and

immediately upon such partial Resignation and Avoidance the said

Parish of Richmond shall become a distinct Vicarage, and thereupon

such of the Provisions of this Act as are expressed to come into

operation and take effect upon the next Avoidance of the said Vicarage

of Kingston-upon- Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond shall come

into immediate Operation and Effect as if such Avoidance had

happened; and an examined Copy of the said Registry, or of the said Enrolment of the said Writing, shall be Evidence of the said

Resignation or Avoidance so far as relates to the said Parish of

Richmond.

III. And be it enacted, That when and as soon as the said Parish Upon Kich-

of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage the rest of the mon.J 1,e-said Vicarage of Kingston-upon- Thames and Sheen otherwise Rich- a

mond shall be called "The Vicarage of Kingston-upon-Thames," and Vicarage the the Vicar thereof " The Vicar of Kingston-upon-Thames," who shall rest of the be a Body Politic and Corporate by that Name and shall have Vicarage of perpetual Succession, and thereupon and for ever thereafter the ^JonSton" Advowson and Right of Presentation and Collation of and to as well Thames to the said Vicarage Church of Richmond as the said Vicarage Church be called of Kingston-upon- Thames shall belong to and be exercised by the "The Vicar-said Provost and Scholars of the said College, their Successors and aseof KmS'

. 07 ston-upon-

Assigns. Thames."

IV. And be it enacted, That the Site of the Parish Church of Rich- church and

mond aforesaid, and the said Church and the Churchyard thereto Churchyard

adjoining, shall, immediately upon the Institution and Induction of K> yest in the

the First Vicar of Richmond, vest in the said Vicar of Richmond,

and his Successors for ever; and the Expense of the Maintenance of for Ecclc-

the Fabric of the said Church shall be defrayed as before the passing siastical Pur-

of this Act, or by such Means as the Law may from Time to Time poses, and

prescribe for the Maintenance of the Fabric of Churches. Fabric to be

maintained.

V. And be it enacted, That after the said Parish of Richmond shall Trusts, &c. have become a distinct Vicarage, in all Cases of charitable Bequests or fortheBene-Gifts, whether in Money, or Money in the Funds, or otherwise, which shall have been made or given to the Parish of Richmond exclusively, Richmond or for the Use and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the Poor of such vested in the Parish exclusively, and in all Trust Deeds and Wills relating to the Vicar of same, in which the said Vicar of Kingston-upon-Thames and Sheen Richmond"* otherwise Richmond, or the Curate or officiating Minister of Richmond, to vest in is as such Vicar a Visitor or Trustee or One of the Trustees of any the Vicar of such charitable Bequests or Gifts, the Minister of the Ecclesiastical Richmond. District of Saint John’s in the said Parish of Richmond for the Time being shall become and he is hereby declared to be Visitor and Trustee of such of the said charitable Bequests or Gifts as are within [Local.] 7 F that

574

All Vicarial Tithes, &c. to be extinguished.

Power to Rev. S. W. Gandy to extinguish the Vicarial Tithes;

but not to affect Surplice Fees.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlii.

that District, and the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid shall be and he is hereby declared to be a Visitor and Trustee of such other of the said charitable Bequests or Gifts as are within the Remainder of the said Parish, in the Room and Stead of such Vicar of Kingston-upon-Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond, or Curate or officiating Minister of Richmond, as the Case may be; and it shall be lawftd for such Minister of the said District of Saint John, or the said Vicar of Richmond aforesaid, as the Case may be, to do and execute all such Offices and Trusts as ought to be done and performed by those in whose Stead they are by this Act appointed; and the Person or Persons so ceasing to be Visitor, Trustee or Trustees, as aforesaid, is and are hereby indemnified for and in respect of the Surrender of such Office or Trust as aforesaid, and is and are hereby exonerated from the future Performance of the Matters and Things as to such Trusts directed to be performed and done, any Law, Statute, or Usage, or anything in any Will or Wills, Deed or Deeds, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the next Avoidance of the said Vicarage of Kingston-upon- Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond all Vicarial Tithes, Small Tithes, Commutation for Small Tithes, Easter Dues, Oblations, and Offerings (if any), and all Rent-charges or Payments in lieu of Vicarial or Small Tithes (if any), arising within the said Parish of Richmond, (other than the Rents and Payments authorized by this Act,) shall cease and be extinguished for ever.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Samuel Whitlock Gandy, at any Time before the said Parish of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage, to agree with the said Vestrymen of Richmond aforesaid (if they shall be willing) to accept and take an annual or other Stipend out of the said Pew Rents or otherwise, in lieu and Extinguishment of the Vicarial and Small Tithes arising in the said Parish of Richmond, or Commutation for such Tithes; and upon a Deed to that Effect being duly executed, or an Agreement in Writing being signed by the said Samuel Whitlock Gandy, and by any Five or more of the said Vestrymen, and enrolled in the Court of Chancery, or registered in the Registry of the Diocese for the Parts of Surrey, the said Vicarial and Small Tithes, and Commutation, if any, for the same, shall thenceforth become extinguished; and the said Vestrymen are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into any such Arrangement or Agreement for the Extinguishment of the Vicarial and Small Tithes, and Commutation for the same, and to execute and sign any Deed or Agreement for carrying such Extinguishment into effect.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall affect or extinguish, or be construed to affect or extinguish, the Payment of such Fees as are usually known as or called Surplice Fees, which said Surplice Fees (except the Fees for Marriages and Churchings in Saint John’s Chapel aforesaid) shall remain payable to and be recovered and received by the said Samuel Whitlock Gandy so long as he shall remain Vicar of Kingston-upon-

Thames

575

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap.*lii.

Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond, and afterwards by the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid for the Time being, in the same Manner as before the passing of this Act the same have or might have been received and recovered by the said Samuel Whitlock Gandy and his Predecessors, Vicars of Kingston-upon-Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond, nor shall the same affect or extinguish or be construed to affect or extinguish the Payment of such Fees for Graves, Vaults, Monuments, Tablets, and Burials in the Church, Churchyard, and Burial Ground of the said Parish of Richmond as have heretofore been accustomed, nor the Rents for Pews, or Seats in Pews, in the Parish Church of Richmond aforesaid, nor any Stipend or Payment that now is or hereafter may be or become payable by virtue of any Will or Gift by Deed made or executed according to Law.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Pew which before the passing of Pew to be this Act shall have been set apart for or occupied by the Curate or s*‘ ?Part for officiating Minister of the said Parish Church of Richmond for the FamTiv'1 Time being, and his Family, shall remain set apart for and be occupied and for

by such Curate or officiating Minister and his Family until some Churchwar-Person shall under this Act become Vicar of Richmond aforesaid, and thenceforward shall be set apart for and occupied by such Vicar " Cl and his Family, and such Pew shall be exempted from the Payment of Rent; and any Pew or Pews which at the Time of the passing of this Act shall have been appropriated, and exempt from Rent, to the Use of the Churchwardens or other Officers of the said Parish, and the Organist and Children of the Parochial School, shall henceforth remain so appropriated and exempt from Rent.

X. And be it enacted, That the Vestrymen of the said Parish of Pew Items to Richmond for the Time being, constituted and appointed pursuant to 1)0 charged the said herein-before in part recited Act of Parliament of the Twenty- ^prepared'0 fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, i.^t, which herein after called " the Vestrymen," shall cause a List or Schedule shall be

to be made of all the Pews and Seats in Pews in the said Church, fejustered and a Plan of such Pews, and of the respective yearly Rents which on ofores^ the Feast Day of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary next before the passing of this Act were charged upon or payable by Occupiers of the said Pews and Seats in Pews respectively; and the said Pews and Seats respectively shall from and after the passing of this Act be for ever charged and chargeable with the said respective yearly Rents appearing in the said List or Schedule, subject nevertheless to the Powers and Authorities herein contained for varying the respective Amounts of such Rents; and the said List or Schedule shall be signed by the said Vestrymen or their Chairman for the Time being, and shall be submitted to the Bishop of the Diocese for his Approval, and on his approving the same shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese lor the Parts of Surrey, within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, and so from Time to Time within Three Calendar Months after any Variations in the Amount of any such Pew Rents shall take place.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Pews and Seats in Pews shall Persons to and may be let by the Churchwardens of the said Paris!1 of Richmond 'vll0m Pews

shall be let.

576 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xHi.

to Inhabitant Householders of the said Parish of Richmond, and to any other Person or Persons (subject to the Preference herein-after mentioned), for such Time or Times, and at or for such annual or other Rents, and subject to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as are herein-after mentioned; and the Rents to be paid for the Use and Occupation of any Pews or Seats in Pews shall be paid half-yearly and in advance, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act, as herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Parishioners of the said Parish of Richmond, and Residents therein, on Demand in Writing made to the Churchwardens, or any or either of them, to have or rent such Pews or Seats respectively, at such Rent or Rents, Sum or Sums of Money, as aforesaid, in preference to any other Person or Persons not being a Parishioner or Parishioners of or resident within the said Parish : Provided also, that no Pew or Seat in Pew shall be let to any Person or Persons, not an Inhabitant Householder or Inhabitant Householders of or resident in the said Parish, for any longer Term or Period than One Year: Provided also, that if any such Householder or Householders shall take any such Pew or Seat for any longer Term or Period than One Year, and shall cease to be an Inhabitant Householder or Inhabitant Householders of the said Parish, then and in every such Case his, her, or their Term, Estate, and Interest in such Pew or Seat respectively shall, at the End or Expiration of the then current Year of the said Term or Period, cease and determine to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Power to

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for

vartrpew l^ie sa'^ Vestrymen, with the Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the

Kents with Diocese for the Time being, under his Hand anti Seal, and the Vicar Consent of of the Parish of Richmond aforesaid for the Time being, to alter any the Bishop, such yearly Rent, either by adding thereto or diminishing therefrom, or otherwise howsoever.

Additional

XIII. And be it enacted, That in case any additional Pew or Pews, or Pews shall be made in the said Parish Church, or any of the exist-Pews^to I 'nS ^>ews therein shall at any Time or Times be enlarged, lessened, charo’edwith 01 a^tered, then such additional Pew or Pews, or the other Pews so Kents. enlarged, lessened, or altered, shall be charged with, and the respective Occupiers of such additional, or enlarged, lessened, or altered Pews, or of any Sitting or Sittings therein, shall be liable to pay, such a Rent or Rents for the same as the Vestry of the said Parish of Richmond for the Time being, with the Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese, under his Hand and Seal, shall think proper; and all the Clauses and Powers relating to the Pews now existing in the said Church, and to the Rents thereof respectively, and to the Application of such Rents, shall be applicable to such additional Pew or Pews, or other Pew and Pews, that may be so enlarged or lessened or altered as aforesaid.

Power to

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Vestry-convert Pews men of Richmond aforesaid, from Time to Time, with the Consent into free in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese and of the Vicar of Richmond

Sittings. aforesaid for the Time being, to convert any One or more of the Pews

in the Parish Church of Richmond aforesaid into Free Seats.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xHi. 377

XV. And be it enacted, That in case the said present or any Pews in new future Parish Church of Richmond aforesaid shall be burnt or de- ^tgjbp^is|, stroyed by Fire, or become decayed, or unfit for the Performance of church to be Divine Service therein, and another Church shall be at any Time charged with or Times built or substituted for it, then the Pews and Sittings in Kents.

Pews in every such new Church or substituted Church shall be charged with, and the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively, or of any Sitting or Sittings therein, shall be liable to pay, such a Kent or Rents for the same as the said Vestry of the said Parish of Richmond for the Time being, with the Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese under his Hand and Seal, and of the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid, shall think fit, and a Copy of the Rental of such Pews and Sittings in Pews shall be entered in the Registry of the Diocese for the Parts of Surrey within Six Calendar Months after such Rental shall have been settled; and all the Clauses, Powers, and Remedies herein contained for receiving, recovering, and enforcing Payment of the Rents of the Pews and Sittings in Pews in the present Parish Church, and to the Application of such Rents, and otherwise relating to such Pews and Sittings in Pews, shall be in like Manner applicable to the Pews and Sittings in Pews, and Rents thereof respectively, in every such new or substituted Church.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Occupier of a Pew or Seat in Rents to be a Pew in the Parish Church of Richmond aforesaid shall pay to the Pa^1hal^d said Vestrymen or their Treasurer, or to the Collector to be appointed ^advance, by the said Vestrymen as herein-after mentioned, the Rent charged thereon as aforesaid, by equal half-yearly Payments, namely, on the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty-ninth Day of September

in every Year, and such half-yearly Payments shall be made in

advance; and in case the Rent of any such Pew or Seat, or any Part

thereof, shall happen to be behind and unpaid by the Space of Three

Calendar Months next after the same shall become due or payable,

and One Week’s personal or printed or written Notice demanding

Payment thereof shall have been made, given to, or left at the last

known Place of Residence of the Occupier of such Pew or Seat, then the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Richmond shall and may

enter upon and hold such Pew or Seat, or let the same to any other

Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Parish of Richmond, or other Person or Persons, subject to the Preference aforesaid, in such Manner

as the said Churchwardens shall think proper; and the said Vestrymen Recovery of

shall sue for and recover the said Rent so in arrear, by Action of Debt Pew Kents.

or upon the Case, for the Use and Occupation of such Pew or Seat,

to be brought against the Occupier or Occupiers thereof in the Names

or Name of the Vestrymen or of the Treasurer or Vestry Clerk of the said Parish, at the Option of the said Vestrymen; or, upon the

Application of the Churchwardens of Richmond aforesaid, or the said

Treasurer or Vestry Clerk or Collector, the said Rent shall be recovered and recoverable in the same Manner as the Rates for the

Relief of the Poor are by the said in part recited Act of the Twenty-

fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

or by the general Law of the Land, made recoverable; and no such

Action or Suit as aforesaid shall abate by reason of the Death, Removal,

[Zroca/.] 7 G- or

578

Until the Parish of Richmond shall become a distinct Vicarage, the Pew Rents to be paid and applied as heretofore. No new Vaults to be in the Church.

Fees for Graves, &c. to be paid to the Treasurer;

one Moiety to be paid to the Vicar.

Stipend of 400/. per Annum to be

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlii.

or going out of Office of the said Treasurer or Vestry Clerk, or either of them.

XVII. And be it enacted, That until the said Parish of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage the said Vestrymen shall pay and apply the said Pew Rents, payable as aforesaid, to the respective Persons and in the Manner and for the Intents and Purposes to whom and in and for which respectively the Pew Rents of the said Church have been before the passing of this Act paid and applied.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to break up the Pavement, or to open the Soil beneath the same, for any new Vault or Grave within the said Church for the Purposes of Burial, or to make any Grave in any Churchyard thereunto adjacent or belonging at any less Distance than Ten Feet from the external Walls of the said Church; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the Burial of dead Bodies in any Vault wholly arched with Brick or Stone which may have been constructed for such Purposes under the said Church; and if any Burial shall take place or any Grave be made otherwise than is herein provided, the Person making or ordering or causing the same to be made shall for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof before any Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and in default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be levied and recovered, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner thereof; of which Penalty one Moiety shall be given to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish of Richmond.

XIX. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the said Parish of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage all Fees for all Graves, Vaults, Monuments, and Burials in the said Church, Churchyard, or Burial Ground of the said Parish, and for all Tablets affixed to the Walls of the said Church or of the Churchyard or Burial Ground, shall be paid to and be received by the Treasurer of the said Parish for the Time being; and the said Treasurer shall, from Time to Time as and when the same shall be received, pay One Moiety or equal Half' Part of the net Proceeds of such Fees to the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid for the Time being, and the remaining Moiety or equal Half Part thereof shall be applied by the said Treasurer for the Purposes herein-after mentioned; and the said Treasurer shall pay over to the said Vicar of Richmond aforesaid, at least twice in every Year, his Portion of such Fees; and the said Treasurer shall, if thereunto required by the saiil Vicar, make out at least once a Year an Account of all such Fees (signed by himself), and deliver the same to the said Vicar of Richmond.

XX. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the said Parish of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage the said

Vestrymen,

12" & 1.3° VICTORIA, Ciip.xiu.

Vestrymen, by and out of the net Receipts of the said Pew Rents, and by and out of the said remaining Moiety or Half Part of the net Proceeds of such Fees as aforesaid, do and shall, in the first place, pay an annual Stipend or Sum of Four hundred Pounds, by equal half-yearly Payments on the Twenty-fifth Day of March and Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, to the said Vicar of the said Parish of Richmond for the Time being, after the said Parish of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage, for his own Use and Benefit, during his Incumbency, the first of such half-yearly Payments to commence on and from the Induction of such Vicar, anti a proportionate Part thereof to become due and payable on such of the said half-yearly Days of Payment as shall next happen after such Induction, and in case of the Determination of the Incumbency of any such Vicar between any of the said half-yearly Days of Payment do and shall pay to the said Incumbent whose Incumbency shall so determine, his Executors or Administrators, a proportionate Part of the said Stipend up to the Time of the Determination of such Incumbency, and do and shall, in the next place, pay the Salaries, Allowances, and Expenses (or some of them) specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and do and shall on the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year pay the Surplus (if any) to the Vicar of Richmond for the Time being, for his own Use and Benefit, or, in case of the Vicarage being then void, to the Vicar who shall be inducted to the same to fill up such Avoidance.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the said Vestrymen shall and they are hereby required, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, provided the said Parish of Richmond shall be then a distinct Vicarage, and if not then within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after it shall have become a distinct Vicarage, to provide or procure for the Vicar of Richmond for the Time being a suitable Residence, of Freehold or Copyhold Tenure, within the said Parish (subject nevertheless to such Residence, if Copyhold, being enfranchised as mentioned or provided for by this Act), and the same shall be conveyed to and vested in the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid and his Successors (or in case there shall not then be any Vicar, then to Trustees, as herein-after provided for), and he and they are hereby empowered to accept and hold the same for ever as Part of the Endowment of such Vicarage, subject to such Power of Sale and Exchange as herein-after contained, and (subject as aforesaid) the same shall thenceforth become and remain subject to all the public and general Laws and Statutes of the Realm concerning the Residences of the Clergy, in like Manner as if the said Vicarage of Richmond had at all Times been a distinct Vicarage, and the said Residence been at all Times the appropriated Residence of the Vicar: Provided always, that in case a suitable Residence, or the Means of procuring or providing a suitable Residence, for the said Vicar of Richmond aforesaid, shall be given or granted by any Trustees, Guardians, Commissioners, or other Persons, or Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, pursuant to the Power contained in or given or reserved by tins Act or otherwise, then the Liability by this Act imposed on the said Vestrymen of Richmond of providing or procuring such Residence shall cease and become void and of no Effect;

and

paid to the Vicar.

Salaries, ire. to Clerk, &c.

Surplus (if any) to the Vicar.

Residence to be provided for the Vicar.

580

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlii.

and provided also, that in case Part of the Means of procuring or providing a suitable Residence for the said Vicar shall be given or granted by any Trustees, Guardians, Commissioners, or other Persons, or Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, then such Part of the Means shall be considered as having been provided or procured by the said Vestrymen.

Power to

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Vestrymen Vestrymen of Richmond, by Deed under the Hands and Seals of the of fh^'psaid Vestrymen or any Five or more of them (upon being directed Lan<J° an>l s0 to do by a Majority of the Vestrymen assembled at a Vestry Meeting), at any Time within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or within Twelve Calendar Months after the said Parish of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage, to grant and convey to the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid and his Successors, or to Trustees, as herein-after provided for, as and for a Site for a Residence and a Garden thereto, or for an Endowment for the said Vicarage of Richmond, any Part (not exceeding in Extent One Acre and a Quarter) of any Lands now held by the said Vestrymen under and by virtue of the said herein-before in part recited Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, or the Grant made in pursuance thereof (except any Part of the Land formerly the Hill Common'), and the said Land shall be conveyed to and held by the said Vicar and his Successors (subject to such Power of Sale and Exchange as herein-after contained) freed and discharged from the Trusts and Purposes mentioned in the said Act and Grant or either of them, and the said Vestrymen are hereby empowered to make such Grant and Conveyance without any valuable Consideration, or for a Consideration in Money or otherwise, as they shall think fit: Provided always, that instead of the said Vestrymen granting and conveying any Part of the said Lands as aforesaid as or for a Residence or Endowment for the said Vicarage of Richmond, it shall be lawful for the said Vestrymen, or a Majority of them assembled at a General Meeting, by the Order or Direction of the High Court of Chancery, upon a Petition or Petitions to be presented in a summary Way by the said Vestrymen or any Five or more of them, to be entitled in the Matter of this Act, (the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of which Petition or Petitions, and of all Proceedings under the same, shall be paid out of the Rents and Profits of the said Lands so held by the said Vestrymen, and which Petition and Petitions shall and may be presented at any Time or Times within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or within Twelve Calendar Months after the said Parish of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage, although there shall not be any Cause in the said Court relating to the said Trust Land or the Matter of such Petition or Petitions, and with which Petition or Petitions, or any Copy thereof, it shall not be necessary to serve the Attorney General or any other Party,) to sell and dispose of any Part not exceeding One Acre and a Quarter of the said Lands (except any Part of the Land formerly the Hitt Common), either by public Auction or private Contract, and by Deed or Deeds under the Hands and Seals of the said Vestrymen or any Five or more of them to convey the Land so sold unto the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, freed and discharged

581

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlii.

discharged from the Trusts and Purposes in the said Act and Grant mentioned; and the Receipt and Receipts of the said Vestrymen, or any Five or more of them, for the Purchase Money of the Land so sold, shall he a sufficient Discharge and Discharges for any such Purchase or Consideration Money, and shall acquit and discharge every Purchaser or Purchasers and every other Person from seeing to the Application thereof, and from being accountable for the Nonapplication or Misapplication thereof; and the Monies to arise from any Sale or Sales as aforesaid, after Payment thereout of the Expenses of such Sale or Sales, shall be paid ami applied by the said Vestrymen in, for, or towards providing or procuring a Residence for the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid, or for an Endowment for the said Vicarage of Richmond.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees Trustees of for the Time being of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments Richmond called the Richmond Church Estate, at Richmond aforesaid, by the Estate'nm Order or Direction of the High Court of Chancery, upon a Petition give Money or Petitions to be presented in a summary Way by the said Trustees or Land, or Trustee for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to be entitled in the Matter of this Act, (the Costs, Charges, and Expenses

of which Petition or Petitions, and of all Proceedings under the same, shall, if the Court of Chancery shall so direct, be paid out of the Rents and Profits of the said Richmond Church Estate,) and which Petition and Petitions shall and may be presented at any Time or Times, although there shall not be any Cause in the said Court relating to the said Charity, or the Matter of such Petition or Petitions, by and out of any Monies, or Surplus or Accumulations of Rents, arising or which may have arisen or accumulated from such Estates or otherwise, to give to the said Vestrymen a Sum of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds Sterling, in, for, or towards providing or procuring a Residence for the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid, or, by any Grant or Conveyance under the Hands and Seals of the said Trustees for the Time being, to give, grant, and convey any Messuage, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament under their Care, Control, or Management as or for a Residence or Site for a Residence for the Vicar of Richmond, or for an Endowment for the said Vicarage of Richmond; and such Grant or Conveyance may be made without any valuable Consideration whatever; and the said Trustees so giving, granting, or conveying as aforesaid are hereby indemnified for or in respect of any such Gift, Grant, or Conveyance.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That at any Time or Times after any Power to Gift, Grant, Purchase, or Conveyance shall have been made or exe- sell and cuted of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as or ^ands"^ for or towards an Endowment for the said Vicarage of Richmond, or vvjtIl con-’ as or for a Residence or Site for a Residence for the Vicar of Richmond sent, aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Vestrymen or any Five or

more of them, or any Trustee or Trustees of any such Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the Direction of a Majority of the Vestrymen of Richmond aforesaid, at One of their Meetings (before the said Parish of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage), and with the Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese, testified under his Hand and Seal, and of the Provost and \_Loca!.~\ 7 H Scholars

582

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xYn.

Scholars of King's College aforesaid, testified under the Seal of the said College, and (after the said Parish of Richmond, shall have become a distinct Vicarage) then it shall be lawful for the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid for the Time being, with the like Consent of the said Bishop and Provost and Scholars, testified as aforesaid, at any Time or Times and from Time to Time to dispose of and convey, either by way of absolute Sale or in Exchange, all or any Part of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for any other Endowment or Residence, or Site for a Residence, in the Parish of Richmond aforesaid, either for such a Price or Prices in Money, or for such an Equivalent or Recompence in Lands or Hereditaments, as to the said Vestrymen, and Provost and Scholars, (before the said Parish of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage,) or, after it shall have become a distinct Vicarage, as to the Vicar of Richmond and the said Provost and Scholars, shall seem fit and reasonable; and that for the Purpose of effectuating such Sale, Exchange, Disposition, or Conveyance it shall be lawful for the said Vestrymen, or any Five or more of them, or any Trustee or Trustees of any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, (before the said Parish of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage,) with the Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese and of the said Provost and Scholars, to be testified as aforesaid, and for the Vicar of Richmond, after the said Parish of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage, (with such Consent as aforesaid, testified as aforesaid,) by any Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing, absolutely to revoke and determine and make void all and every or any of the Uses, Trusts, Powers, and Provisoes that may be contained or referred to in any Deed or Conveyance of such Lands and Hereditaments, or Residence or Site for a Residence for the said Vicar of Richmond, and by the same or any other Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing, to limit and declare, direct or appoint, any Use or Uses, Estate or Estates, Trust or Trusts of the said Hereditaments and Premises, which it shall be thought necessary or expedient to limit, declare, direct, or appoint, in order to effectuate such Sale, Exchange, Disposition, or Conveyance as aforesaid, and also that upon any such Exchange as aforesaid it shall be lawful for the said Vestrymen or Vicar (as the Case may be) to give or receive any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Equality of Exchange j and also that upon Payment of the Money arising by any Sale of the said Hereditaments and Premises, or any Part thereof, or to be received for Equality of Exchange, as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Vestrymen, or any Five or more of them, or any such Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, (before the said Parish of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage,) and for the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid (after the said Parish of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage), to sign and give Receipts for the same, and that such Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be given for the Money therein acknowledged or expressed to be received; and that such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall not afterwards be answerable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Money, or be obliged or concerned to see to the Application thereof.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlii.

XXV. And be it enacted, That when all or any Part of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments that may be purchased, given, granted, or acquired as or for an Endowment for the said Vicarage of Richmond, or as or for a Residence or Site for a Residence for the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid, shall be so sold, or any Money shall be so received for Equality of Exchange as aforesaid, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money to arise by such Sale or Sales, or to be received for Equality of Exchange, as aforesaid, or Part thereof, shall with all convenient Speed be laid out and applied in the Purchase of another Residence or Site for a Residence for the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid; and if there shall be any Surplus of such Monies, or if such Monies shall not be required to purchase a Residence or Site for a Residence for the said Vicar, the same shall be laid out in the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or in any of the Public Stocks or Funds of Great Britain, or upon Government or Real Securities in England, and such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Stocks, Funds, and Securities, shall thereafter be an Endowment for the said Vicarage of Richmond aforesaid, and the same shall be subject to the like Powers of Sale and Exchange, and Application, as contained in this Act respecting any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for a Residence or Site for a Residence, or for an Endowment of the Vicarage of Richmond aforesaid, shall be purchased, given, granted, or acquired before there shall be any Vicar of Richmond aforesaid, then and in such Case the Conveyance of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments may be made to the Treasurer of the said Parish of Richmond and his Heirs, or to such Two or more Persons, and their Heirs, as the said Vestrymen shall appoint as Trustees, upon trust, when and as soon as there shall be a Vicar of Richmond aforesaid, to convey the same to such Vicar and his Successors, and in the meantime upon trust to let and manage the same as the said Vestrymen shall from Time to Time direct, and to permit them to receive the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, if any; and such Rents, Issues, and Profits, if any, shall be applied upon and for the same Trusts, Intents, and Purposes relating to the Endowment of the said Vicarage as are herein-after expressed and declared concerning the Surplus of any Monies to arise from or by the Means herein-after mentioned, except that in case of any Gift of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments without any valuable Consideration the Rents thereof may (if the Grantors think fit) be reserved to themselves until the said Parish of Richmond shall have become a distinct Vicarage.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the "Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act; and the Clauses and Provisions thereof, so far as they are applicable, shall apply to the Purchase or Acquisition of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments by the said Vestrymen authorized by this Act, and shall be construed as if the Words "Vestrymen of the Parish of Richmond in the County of Surrey" had been inserted therein, instead of the Words "Promoters of the Undertaking Provided always, that nothing in the said " Lands Clauses Consolidation

Act,

583

Monies arising from Sale or Exchange, how to be laid out.

In case a Residence, &c. should be procured before required for the Vicar.

8 & 9 Vict, c. 18. incorporated with this Act.

584

Vestrymen to enfranchise Copy-hold.

Application of any Surplus as an Endowment of the Vicarage of Richmond.

Vestrymen to appoint a Collector.

Proceedings to be in the Name of the Treasurer.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xYn.

Act, 1845," shall authorize the said Vestrymen to purchase or take any Lands otherwise than by Agreement.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if the said Vestrymen shall enter into any Contract for the Purchase of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of Copyhold or Customary Tenure, they shall, before the Completion or within Three Months after the Completion of such Purchase, enter into an Agreement with the Lord or Lady of the Manor of which the same shall be holden for the Enfranchisement thereof, and shall before the Expiration of Six Months after the Completion of such Purchase enfranchise the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments accordingly, if the Lord or Lady of the said Manor consent thereto.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if after Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of providing a Residence for the said Vicar of Richmond aforesaid, and of the Conveyance thereof, and of the Deeds relating to the same, or to any Sale or Exchange, as authorized by this Act, there shall be any Surplus of any Monies or Lands or Hereditaments, such Monies shall be laid out and invested in the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or in any of the Public Stocks or Funds of Great Britain, or upon Government or Real Securities in England or Wales, as the Vestrymen for the Time being of the said Parish of Richmond shall think fit; and such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and Stocks, Funds, or Securities, shall for ever thereafter be an Endowment for the said Vicarage of Richmond, and be held and enjoyed by the Vicar thereof, and his Successors, with the Powers of Sale and Exchange as contained in this Act, subject to any Laws and Regulations for the Time being in force for the Management and Investment of Endowments of Benefices.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the said Vestrymen may from Time to Time appoint a Collector or Collectors of the said Pew Rents, taking from him or them such Security for the due Performance of his or their Duties as they the said Vestrymen shall think fit, and the said Vestrymen shall from Time to Time pay such Salaries and make such reasonable Allowances to him or them as the Case may require (not exceeding in the whole Four Pounds per Centum on the Amount collected by such Collector or Collectors); and the said Vestrymen may from Time to Time remove or displace such Collector or Collectors, or either of them, whenever they shall see Occasion, and appoint another or others in his or their Stead.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the said Vestrymen may sue and be sued in the Name of the Treasurer of the said Vestrymen for the d ime being, for or concerning any Matter or Thing whatsoever relating to any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or intended to be done by them under the Provisions of this Act; and in any Action of Ejectment brought or prosecuted by the said Vestrymen it shall be sufficient to lay the Demise in the Name of the said Treasurer; and in Proceedings by or on the Part of the said Vestrymen against any

585

12° & 13° VICTORIA,

any Person for stealing or wilfully injuring or otherwise improperly dealing with any Property, Works, or Things belonging to them or under their Management, it shall be sufficient to state generally that the Property or Thing in respect of which the Proceeding is instituted is the Property of the said Treasurer, and all legal Proceedings by or on the Part of the said Vestrymen under or for the Purpose of carrying out the Provisions of this Act may be preferred, instituted, and carried on in his Name; and no Proceedings whatever shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Treasurer, or by reason of any Change or Vacancy in the said Vestrymen by Death, Resignation, or otherwise : Provided always, that no Execution shall issue or be had in any Action or Suit against the said Vestrymen or Treasurer until the Expiration of Six Months after final Judgment has been obtained; and that the Treasurer in whose Name any such Action or Suit, Complaint, Information, or Proceeding, may be brought, preferred, instituted, or defended, as aforesaid, shall be fully reimbursed out of the Pew Rents of the said Parish Church of Richmond aforesaid all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expenses as he shall or may be or become liable to pay, sustain, or be put unto by reason of his Name being so used.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Enactments, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, relating to or concerning the Vestrymen, Churchwardens, Treasurer, and other Officers of the said Parish of Richmond, or any of them, or the Acts, Deeds, Elections, Meetings, and Proceedings of them or any of them, or the Rules and Regulations respecting such Acts, Deeds, Elections, Meetings, and Proceedings, or any of them, shall apply and shall be deemed and construed to apply to the Matters and Things hereby respectively enacted and authorized to be done and carried into effect, as if such Matters and Things were by the said recited Act respectively enacted and authorized to be done and carried into effect, and this Act were incorporated in the said recited

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That no Matter or Thing done or Contract entered into by the said Vestrymen or Churchwardens, nor any Matter or Thing done by any Member of the said Vestry or Churchwardens, or by the Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer or Person whomsoever, acting under the Direction of the said Vestrymen or Churchwardens, shall, if the Matter or Thing were done or the Contract were entered into bona fide for the Purpose of executing this Act, subject them or any of them personally to any Action, Liability, Claim, or Demand whatsoever; and any Expense incurred by any such Vestryman, Churchwarden, Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer or Person acting as last aforesaid shall be borne and repaid out of the Pew Rents of the said Church of Richmond aforesaid, or other Monies that may be raised or procured by the said Vestrymen.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That one Moiety of the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and attending the applying for and pro-

[Loca/.] 7 1 curing

Treasurer to be reimbursed.

Powers, &c. of 25 G. 3. c. 41. extended to this Act.

Persons acting in the Execution of the Act not to be personally liable.

Expenses of Act.

586

Saving the Rights of the present Vicar to appoint Curates, and of Inhabitants of Richmond in civil Matters, and of Impropriate Hector.

Interpretation of Terms.

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cup.xlii.

curing and passing this Act, and incidental thereto, shall be borne by the Provost and Scholars of the said College, and shall forthwith be paid by them into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Parish of Richmond, to be by him applied towards defraying such Costs, Charges, and Expenses, and that One Third Part of the other Moiety of such Costs, Charges, and Expenses shall be paid by the said Vestrymen or their Treasurer out of the Pew Rents of the said Church of Richmond aforesaid, and the remaining Two Third Parts of such Moiety shall be paid by the said Vestrymen or their Treasurer out of the Rents of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments vested in the said Vestrymen, or out of any Rents over which they have any Control or Superintendence, in preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect or abridge or be considered to affect or abridge the Rights and Privileges of any Vicar of Kingston upon-Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond to the Nomination and Appointment of Curates of the Parish of Richmond aforesaid, so long as any such Vicar shall continue to hold the said Parish of Richmond as Part of or in connexion with his said Vicarage of Kingston - it pon- Th a mes and Sheen otherwise Richmond, or affect or abridge the Rights and Privileges of the Vestrymen of the said Parish of Richmond, or of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, so far as relates to all parochial Rights and Privileges, or affect or abridge the Rights of the Impropriate Rector of the said Parish, but all such Rights and Privileges shall remain as before the passing of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That in this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words, importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender only shall include Females:

The Word " Person " shall include Corporation, whether aggregate or sole.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken as a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others.

The

12° & 13° VICTORIA, xlii.

587

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

Salaries and Expenses.

Salary to the Parish Clerk -Allowance to the Collector of the Pew Rents -Salary and Allowance to the Organist, including the Blower Salary and Allowance to the Beadle Salary and Allowance to the Pew-openers and for cleaning the Church Salary and Allowance to the Verger Repairing and tuning the Organ New Books - ...

Pulpit Hangings and Altar Cloths Coals and Candles, and lighting the Church

Ringers

Mops, Matting, Brooms, Dusters, Bell' Ropes, Mats, extra cleansing, sweeping the Chimneys, cleaning and repairing old Monuments and Tablets in the Church and Churchyard Repairing and winding up the Clock and Dial outside and inside the Church, together with any other Expenses incidental to the due Performance of Divine Worship as by Law required which may at any Time occur, and for the Admissions, Declarations, and Presentments of the Churchwardens and Sidesmen, the Copies of the Registers, and the filing and recording in the Diocesan Registry the Documents required by the Statute to be so filed and recorded, and the Conveyance of the Churchwardens to the several Visitations -

£ s. d.

not exceeding per Annum 25 0 0

not exceeding per Annum 20 0 0

not exceeding per Annum 50 0 0

not exceeding per Annum 10 0 0

not exceeding per Annum 25 0 0

not exceeding per Annum 10 0 0

not exceeding per Annum 10 0 0

not exceeding per Annum 2 0 0

not exceeding per Annum 2 0 0

not exceeding per Annum 15 0 0

not exceeding per Annum 10 10 0

not exceeding per Annum 15 0 0

LONDON : Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 184-9.

8

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGIKE.

Cap. xliii.

An Act to authorize the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company to alter the Alston Branch of their Railway, to make a Branch Railway therefrom, and for other Purposes.

[13th July 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company to extend their Railway in Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to make a Branch Railway, and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking, and called " The Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Branch Railway Act, 1846": And whereas the said Company were (among other things) empowered by the said Act to make a certain Branch Railway called " The Alston Branch Railway:" And whereas it is expedient that the said Company should be empowered to alter the Line of the said Alston Branch Railway as authorized by the said " Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Branch Railway Act, 1846," to be constructed, by abandoning certain Portions thereof, and making Deviations therefrom, and also to make another Branch Railway, and also that the said Act should be varied as herein-after expressed; but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that [.Local.] 7 K it

9 & 10 Vict.

c. 39t.

590

Certain Provisions of

8 & 9 Vict, cc. 18 & 20. extended to this Act.

[Short Title.]

Power to make Railways according to deposited Plans.

Lines of Railway to be abandoned and made.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xliii.

it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and " The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," shall respectively (except so far as the same respectively are altered by or are inconsistent with this Act) be incorporated with and form Part of this Act, and together with the same shall be construed as One Act.

II. And be it enacted, That in reciting this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression, " The Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle, Alston Branch, Railway Act, 1849."

III. And whereas Plans and Sections of the Deviations intended to be made from the Line of the said Alston Branch Railway as authorized by the said " Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Branch Railway Act, 1846," to be constructed, and of the new Branch Railway to be made by virtue of this Act, showing the Lines and Levels thereof respectively, and also Books of Reference containing the Names of the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers, or reputed Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands through which the same are intended to pass, have been deposited with the several Clerks of the Peace of the Counties of Northumberland and Cumberland: Be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in this and the said several herein-before mentioned Acts contained, it shall be lawrful for the said Company to make and maintain the several Railways herein-after mentioned on the Lines and upon the Lands delineated on the said Plans and described in the said Books of Reference, and to enter upon, take, and use such of the said Lands as shall be necessary for such Purpose.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Portions of the said Line of the said Alston Branch Railway to be abandoned, and the new Lines or Portions of Line to be made in lieu thereof, and the new Branch Railway to be made under the Authority of this Act, with suitable Stations, Works, and Conveniences, shall be as follows; (thatis to say,)

So much of the said Line of the said Alston Branch Railway as extends between the Point of Junction with the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway in the Township of Haltwhistle in the Parish of Haltwhistle in the County of Northumberland at or near the lJalt-whistle Station upon the same Railway, and marked with the Letter (A) on the Plans herein-before referred to, and a Point or Place marked (B) on the same Plans in a Field called Broom-house Meadow, belonging to Cuthbert Ellison Esquire, and occupied by John Waugh, situate in the Township of Bellister in the said Parish of Haltwhistle and County of Northumberland, and passing in, through, or into the Parish of Haltwhistle and the said several Townships of Haltwhistle and Bellister, shall be abandoned, and in lieu thereof there shall be made by the said Company a Line of Railway commencing at the said Point of Junction with the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway marked (A) on the said Plans, and terminating at the Point (B) on the same Plans in the said Field called Broomhouse Meadow, and passing

in,

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xYm. 591

in, through, or into, or to be made Within the several Parishes, Townships, Townlands, and extra-parochial Places following, or some of them, (that is to say,) Haltwhistle, Plenmeller, and Bellister, all in the said County of Northumberland:

So much of the said Line of the said Alston Branch Railway as extends between a Point or Place marked Avith the Letter (C) on the Plans herein-before referred to in a Field belonging to the Honourable James Hope Wallace, situate on the South Side of the Road leading from Rowfoot to Featherstone, and in the Toavii-ship of Featherstone in the said Parish of Haltwhistle, and a Point or Place marked (D) on the same Plans in a Field belonging to Edward Robson, and in the Occupation of Ann Stephenson, situate in the XoAvnship of Knaresdale in the Parish of Knaresdale in the said County of Nothumberland, and passing in, through, or into the several Parishes, Townships, ToAvnlands, and extra-parochial Places folloAving, or some of them, (that is to say,) Haltwhistle, Featherstone, Lambley otherwise Lamley, Asholme, and Knaresdale in the said County of Northumberland, shall be abandoned, and in lieu thereof there shall be made by the said Company a Railway commencing at the said Point or Place marked (C) in the said Field belonging to the said James Hope Wallace, and terminating at the said Point or Place marked (D) in the said Field occupied by the said Ann Stephenson, and extending or passing to, from, in, through, or into, or to be made Within the several Parishes, Townships, Townlands, and extra-parochial Places folioAving, or some of them, (that is to say,) Haltwhistle, Featherstone, Lambley otherwise Lamley, Asholme, and Knaresdale, all in the said County of Northumberland:

So much of the said Line of the said Alston Branch Railway as extends betAveen a Point or Place marked (E) on the Plans herein-before referred to in a Field belonging to the Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital, and occupied by Rebecca Walton, situate in the ToAvnship and Parish of Alstoti Moor otherwise Alston otherwise Aldstone in the County of Cumberland, and the Western Terminus of the said Alston Branch Railway in the Chapelry of Nent Head in the said Parish of Alston Moor otherwise Alston otherwise Aldstone in the said County of Cumberland, shall be abandoned, and in lieu thereof there shall be made by the said Company a Railway commencing at the said Point or Place marked (E) on the said Plans in the said Field occupied by the said Rebecca 1 Valton, and terminating at the Point or Place marked (F) on the said Plans in a Field occupied by Jane Errington, and situate in the said Township and Parish of Alston Moor otherwise Alston otherwise Aldstone, and near to the Bridge over the River Nent, Avhich last-mentioned Railway will extend or pass from, in, through, or into, or be made Within the said Parish or ToAvnship of Alston Moor otherwise Alston otherwise Aldstone in the said County of Cumberland:

A Branch Railway, Avith all necessary and convenient Stations and Works connected therewith, shall be made by the said Company, to commence at or upon the Line of substituted Rail-Avay secondly above described in a Plantation belonging to and in the Occupation of Thomas Whitfield, situate in the said ToAvnship of Lambley otherwise Lamley, and near to the Place Avhere the

last-

5.92 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xWn.

last-mentioned Railway will be carried across the River Tyne, and to terminate at or upon a Part or Point marked (X) on the said Plans of a Railway belonging to the Earl of Carlisle situate at Haltonlea Gate in the Township of Bartley Bum in the said Parish of Haltichistle, which last-mentioned Branch Railway and Works will be made or pass to, from, through, into, or within the Parishes, Townships, Townfields, or extra-parochial Places of Haltwhistle, Lambley otherwise Lamley, Asholme, Bellister, and Hartley Burn, all in the said County of Northumberland, or some of them.

Compensa- V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any Case where tion to be before the passing of this Act any Contract hath been entered into or ContractsrC ^ot*ce g'lven by the Company for purchasing any Lands which the have "been Company were by the said recited Act empowered to purchase, for

entered into the Purpose of constructing the Portions of the said Alston Branch or Notices Railway so authorized to be abandoned as aforesaid, the Company shall

given. make to the Owners or Occupiers of and other Parties interested in

such Lands full Compensation for all Injury or Damage sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, and other Parties by reason of such Purchase not being completed pursuant to such Contract or Notice; and the Amount and Application of such Compensation shall be determined in the Manner provided by the " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," for determining the Amount and Application of the Compensation to be paid for Lands taken under the Provisions thereof: Provided also, that the Authority hereby given for abandoning the Formation of the aforesaid Portions of the said Alston Branch Railway shall not prejudice or affect the Right of the Owner or Occupier of any Lands •which the Company were so empowered to purchase as aforesaid to receive from the Company Compensation for any Damage that may have been occasioned by the Entry of the Company upon such Lands for the Purpose of surveying and taking Levels, and of probing or boring to ascertain the Nature of the Soil, or of setting out the Line of the Railway, pursuant to the Provisions for that Purpose in the said " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act " contained.

Funds for

VI. And be it enacted, That the Cost and Expense of making and constructing constructing the Railways and Works hereby authorized shall be paid Railways. by the said Company out of the Capital authorized to be raised by the said " Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Branch Railway Act, 1846," and the Monies by the same Act authorized to be borrowed.

Rales ami Tolls.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to demand and receive, for or in respect of the Use of the Railways hereby authorized to be made, such Tolls, Rates, and Dues as are authorized by the said "Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Branch Railway Act, 1846," to be demanded and received by the said Company; and that, so far as concerns the said Tolls, Rates, and Dues, and all other Matters not herein otherwise specially provided for, the said last-mentioned Act shall after the passing of this Act be read and construed as if the Railways and Works hereby authorized to be made had been comprised therein and thereby authorized to be made, and thenceforth the said Act and this Act shall be read and construed as One Act.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xYm.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, if they shall see fit, to construct the Bridge by which the said first-mentioned substituted Railway hereby authorized to be made shall cross the River South Tyne near Hcdtwliistle aforesaid in such Manner that there shall be a public Roadway for the Passage of Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, and Foot Passengers.

IX. And be it enacted, That as soon as the said Bridge shall be so constructed as aforesaid it shall be lawful for the said Company, from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter, to demand and receive or take for Pontage as or in the Name of a Toll, before or after any Passage over the said Bridge by the said Roadway shall be permitted, any Sums of Money not exceeding the several Sums following; (that is to say,)

For every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Sociable, Berlin, Chaise, Curricle, Whiskey, Car, Calash, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Van, Cart, Wherry, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Score of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Score of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Person on Foot, the Sum of One Penny:

And such Tolls shall be paid (if demanded) each Time of passing; and it shall be lawful for the Company to erect such Toll Houses and Toll Gates for the Collection of such last-mentioned Tolls as they may see fit.

X. And be it enacted, That the Powers of the said Company for the compulsory Purchase or taking of Lands for the Purposes of this Act shall not be exercised after the Expiration of Three Years from the passing thereof.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Railways and Works authorized by this Act shall be completed within Three Years from the passing of this Act, and on the Expiration of that Period the Powers by this Act and the said " Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," granted to the said Company for executing the said Railways hereby authorized, or otherwise in relation thereto, shall cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the said Railways as shall then be completed.

XII. And whereas the Railways hereby authorized to be made are intended to be carried across the Turnpike Roads and Highways numbered as follows on the Plans herein-before referred to; (that is to say,) Nos. 1, 4, 14, 31, and 36 in the Township of Lambley and Asholme, Nos. 3, 5, and 6 in the Township of Hartley Burn, all in the County of Northumberland; and it is expedient that the same should be carried across the said Turnpike Roads and Highways on a Level: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

[Local.] 7 L Company

593

Power to construct Bridge for Carriages, &c.

Tolls for Bridge.

Powers for compulsory Purchase of Lands limited.

Period for Completion of Works.

Turnpike Roads and Highways that may be crossed on a Level.

594

Company to erect Stations at Points of Crossings, and abide by Rules, &c. of the Commissioners of Railways.

Commissioners of Railways may require Bridges in lieu of level Crossings.

Clause of 9 & 10 Vict. c. 391-., prohibiting the Alston Branch Railway to be partially opened, tepealed.

Deposits for future Bills not to be paid out of

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xliii.

Company to make the said Railways respectively across the said Turnpike Roads and Highways on a Level at or near the Points marked on the said Plans for the crossing thereof.

XIII. And be it enacted, That for the greater Convenience and Se* curity of the Public the said Company shall, during such Time as the said herein-before mentioned Turnpike Roads or Highways, or any or either of them, shall be crossed on the Level, erect and maintain either a Station or Lodge at the Points where the said Railways shall cross on the Level of any of the said Turnpike Roads or Highways; and the Company shall be subject to and shall abide by all such Rules and Regulations with regard to the crossing of such Turnpike Roads and Highways on the Level, or with regard to the Speed at which Trains shall pass such Turnpike Roads and Highways, as may from Time to Time be made by the Commissioners of Railways; and if the Company shall during such Period as aforesaid fail to erect or to maintain any such Station or Lodge, or appoint a proper Person to watch or superintend the crossing at any such Point or Station, or to observe or abide by any such Rule or Regulation as aforesaid, they shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds, and also to a daily Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Day such Offence shall continue after such Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall have been incurred.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Railways, if it shall appear to them to be necessary for the public Safety, at any Time, either before or after the Railways hereby authorized to be made shall have been completed and opened for public Traffic, to require the Company, within such Time as the said Commissioners shall direct, and at the Expense of the Company, to carry any or either of the herein-before mentioned Roads either under or over the said Railways by means of a Bridge or Arch in lieu of crossing the same on a Level, or to execute such other Works as under the Circumstances of the Case shall appear to the said Commissioners the best adapted for removing or diminishing the Danger arising from such level Crossing.

XY. And whereas it was in and by the said " Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Branch Railway Act, 1846," enacted, that it should not be lawful for the said Company to open for the Use of the Public any Part or Portion of the said Alston Branch Railway between its Commencement at the Point of Junction with the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway in the Township of Haliwhistle and the Town of Alston until the whole of the Line from the said Commencement of the said Branch Railway to Alston aforesaid should have been completed and opened for the Use of the Public: And whereas the Restriction contained in the said Enactment is found to be unnecessary : Be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be repealed, and the same is hereby repealed accordingly.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company, out of any Money by any Act or Acts relating to the said Company authorized to be raised for the Purposes of such Act or Acts, to pay or deposit any Sum of Money

which

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xliii. 595

which by any Standing Order of either House of Parliament, now in Capital of force or hereafter to be in force, may be required to be deposited in ,he Cotu' respect of any Application to Parliament for the Purpose of obtaining ,Mn' an Act authorizing the said Company to construct any other Railway or execute any other Work or Undertaking.

XVII. And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of Railway the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Company Conveyance of the Mails by Railway; and another Act was passed [° the Pro^ in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An visions of Act for regulating Railways; and another Act was passed in the Sixth l & 2 Vict. Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for the o'^8'’v ,t better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance of Troops; and c 9- lcL another Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her 5 & 6 Vict, said Majesty, intituled An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Con- c. 55., struction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any Act £ of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament, and for other Pur- 9’& {q yic, poses in relation to Railways; and another Act was passed in the cc. 57.& 105. Tenth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways; and another Act was passed in the same Session, intituled An Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways : Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be held to exempt the said Railways hereby authorized to be made, or the said Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company, from the Provisions of the said several above-mentioned Acts respectively, but that such Provisions shall be in force in respect to the said Railways and Company, so far as the same may be applicable thereto.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be Railways to deemed or construed to exempt the Railways by this or the said recited p® *10 Acts authorized to be made from the Provisions of any general Act offuture* relating to such Acts, or of any general Act relating to Railways, now general

in force or which may hereafter pass during the present or any future Acts. Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Rates of Fares and Charges authorized by this Act or by the said recited Acts.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expenses of Expenses and attending the passing of this Act or incidental thereto shall be of Act-paid by the said Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company,

pari passu with the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of any other Act of Parliament passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament to which they may be liable, out of the first Monies that shall come to their Hands after the passing thereof, and in preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

[Public Act.]

XX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

I i

Cg

v ^V|W K

a:» W*.k :u*i

-4il > :'it*iA itunitMfl «$V-W*’

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIAE REGIN JE.

Cap. xliv.

An Act for consolidating the Trusts of the Truro Turnpike Roads and the Penryn and Redruth Turnpike Roads in the County of Cornwall, and for making a new Turnpike Road from Bosvigo Bridge to the Turnpike Road from Truro to Redruth, and for making the Road or Highway from Ferris Town to Bosvigo Bridge a Turnpike Road, and for maintaining all such Roads; and for other Purposes.

[13th July 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually amending and widen- 7 & 8 G. 4. ing the Roads from Penryn to Redruth in the County of Cornwall, c-18-and for building a Bridge over Penryn River: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty the Queen, intituled An Act for repealing an Act of the Ninth Year n & 12 Vict. of the Reign of His Majesty Ring George the Fourth, intituled ‘ An c- 51.

‘ Act for making, repairing, and improving certain Roads leading to [Loca/.] 7 M ‘ and

598

Commencement and Continuance of Act.

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xliv.

* and from Truro in the County of Cornwall,’ and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; for forming, vesting, and improving certain Roads; and for continuing and extending the Truro Turnpike Trust: And whereas the Trustees for executing the first-recited Act have put the same into execution, and have for the Purposes thereof borrowed divers Sums of Money, which still remain on the Security of the Tolls thereby granted : And whereas the Trustees for executing the secondly-recited Act have put the same in execution, and have begun some of the Works thereby authorized, and divers Sums of Money have been borrowed, which are due on the Security of the Tolls thereby granted : And whereas it would be of public Advantage if the Trusts of such several Turnpike Roads were consolidated by committing the Care and Management thereof to One Body of Trustees, and if such Trustees were enabled to complete the Works authorized by the secondly-recited Act, and to make a new Turnpike Road commencing at or near Bosvigo Bridge in the Parish of Kenwyn in the County of Cornwall, and terminating in or near the Turnpike Road leading from Truro to Redruth between the Third and Fourth Mile Stones, and adjoining to certain Houses in the several Occupations of William Pearse, Thomas Seymour, Sampson Webb, John Webb, and Edward Merrifield, situate at or near a Place commonly called Green Bottom in the Parish of Kenwyn, and also if a certain Road or Highway commencing at Ferris Town in the Parish of Kenwyn at or near certain Messuages and Hereditaments in the several Occupations of William Douglas Clinton, Elisabeth Snow, and Elizabeth Linncy and William J/‘ William, and extending therefrom to or near Bosvigo Bridge, were vested in such Trustees and made a Turnpike Road, and they were enabled to alter, widen, and improve such last-mentioned Road or Highway, and if further Provisions were made with reference to such Roads, and the first-recited Act were repealed, and other Provisions made in lieu thereof, and the Provisions of the secondly-recited Act were amended; but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That this Act shall commence and take effect on and from the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty-one Years, and thenceforth to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act for any Purpose whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Truro and Redruth Turnpike Roads Act, 1819-"

III. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless such Meanings be repugnant to or inconsistent with the Context; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singtdar Number shall include the Plural Number: ,

Words

599

12° & 13" VICTORIA, Cap. xliv.

Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females:

The Word " Lands" shall include Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of whatsoever Tenure:

The Expression " the Trustees " shall mean the Trustees for putting this Act into execution:

The Expression " the Roads " shall mean the several Roads to which this Act relates:

The Expression " Turnpike Gate " shall include Turnpike Gates,

Toll Bars, Side Gates, Side Bars, and Toll Chains.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of Recited Act this Act the first-recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed, 7 & 8 G. 4. but the Repeal thereof shall not revive any of the Acts thereby pe^e'dre‘ repealed.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of Certain this Act the several Sections of the secondly-recited Act numbered respectively S, 4, 6, 55, 62, and 67 in the Copies of that Act c.si.re-"’' printed by Her Majesty's Printers shall be and the same are hereby pealed repealed.

VI. And be it enacted, That the secondly-recited Act, and all U&12 Vict. and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, c. 51. and Remedies, Matters, and Things therein contained or expressed, save UoncA^t and except so much and such Parts thereof as are expressly repealed,

varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act, shall respectively be as good, valid, and effectual with xeference to the Purposes of and for executing this Act as if the same respectively had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and the secondly-recited Act so repealed, varied, altered, or otherwise provided for and this Act shall accordingly be and be executed as One Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That all Monies due to, and all Property Monies due and Choses in Action vested in, the several Trustees for executing the and Property recited Acts respectively, or any of them, shall, immediately on the {'^recited Commencement of this Act, be vested in the Trustees, and they may Acts vested use, sue for, and recover the same, and act as effectually in respect in the Trus-thereof, as if the same had been vested in them under the recited te?s Ullder Acts respectively, and they shall be liable to all the Debts and En- ^'isthf' ^ gagements to which the several Trustees for executing the recited Bonds and Acts respectively, or any of them, were liable at the Commencement Contracts to of this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants, Securities, and Contracts made bc 8ood-

or entered into under the Powers and Provisions of the recited Acts respectively, to, by, or with any Persons and the several Trustees for executing the recited Acts respectively, or any of them, shall, until the same be fully satisfied or performed, be and continue available to and in favour of such Persons and the Trustees respectively in all Courts of Law and Equity.

coo

New Tolls liable to existing Debts.

New Bonds for existing Debts may be given.

Appointment of Trustees.

First Meeting of Trustees, whereat they may qualify.

Hoads to which this Act is applicable.

Power to make new Roads.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xYxx.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Tolls by this Act granted shall be and are hereby made liable to the Payment of all Monies borrowed, and which on the Commencement of this Act are due, on the Security of the several Tolls by the recited Acts respectively granted, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as if such Monies had been borrowed and were due on the Security of the Tolls by this Act granted.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Trustees may from Time to Time, if and when they shall think fit, give in lieu of and by way of Substitution for any existing Bonds or other Securities for any such Monies, new Bonds or Securities on the Tolls by this Act granted for the Payment of such Monies, with Interest thereon after such Rate, not exceeding the Rate by such existing Bonds and Securities respectively secured, as may be agreed on between the Trustees and the Holders of such existing Bonds and Securities respectively.

X. And be it enacted, That the several Persons who at the Commencement of this Act shall be Trustees under and by virtue of the recited Acts respectively, and their Successors, being duly qualified to act as Trustees of Turnpike Roads in England, and being duly appointed in that Behalf, shall be Trustees for executing this Act.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Trustees shall, within Three Calendar Months after the Commencement of this Act, hold their First Meeting at the Town Hall in the Borough of Truro in the County of Cornwall, or at some other convenient Place in the Neighbourhood of the Roads, whereat the Trustees may qualify, and shall then and from Time to Time thereafter adjourn to and meet at such Place in the Neighbourhood of the Roads as they shall think proper.

XII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall relate to and be executed for more effectually improving, maintaining, and keeping in repair the several Turnpike Roads, Bridges, and Works by the secondly-recited Act authorized to be respectively made, improved, maintained, and kept in repair, and also the Turnpike Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street in Penryn in the County of Cornwall to Redruth in the same County, and from the Bottom of New Street to and over Sowell’s Quay in the Borough of Penryn in the same County, and also the Bridge built under the Authority of the first-recited Act over and across a Branch of the Penryn River at or near Sowell’s Quay aforesaid to the opposite Side in the Parish of Budock in the same County, and also the several Roads and Works by this Act authorized to be respectively made and improved.

XIII. And whereas Maps or Plans and Sections describing the Lines, Situations, and Levels of such Road, commencing at or near Bosvigo Bridge aforesaid, and terminating at or near the Turnpike Road leading from Truro to Redruth aforesaid, intended to be made as aforesaid, and of such existing Road or Highway commencing at Ferris Town aforesaid, and extending therefrom to or near Bosvigo

Bridge

601

12° & 13" VICTORIA, Cap. xliv.

B ridge aforesaid, intended to be widened and improved as aforesaid, and the Lands proposed to be taken for the Purposes thereof respectively, together with Books of Reference to such Plans, containing the Names of the reputed Owners and Lessees and of the Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Cornwall: Be it enacted, That the Trustees may set out, make, and complete such intended Turnpike Road, and widen and improve such existing Road or Highway respectively, in the Lines and through the Lands respectively delineated and described in such Maps or Plans and Books of Reference, and may make such Roads respectively of such Width as they may think proper, not exceeding Sixty Feet, together with such Footpaths, Bridges, Embankments, Ditches, Drains, Fences, and other necessary Works upon or near thereto, as they may think requisite, and for the Purposes aforesaid may take possession of the Lands delineated and described in such Maps or Plans and Books of Reference, making Satisfaction for the same to the Owners thereof, and other Persons interested therein.

XIV. And be it enacted, That such Bridge over such Branch of Bridge over the Penryn River shall for ever be and remain a public Bridge, and Penryn River all Persons, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages shall have free Liberty Payment (upon Payment of the Tolls by this Act granted) to pass over the of Toll, same without any Hindrance or Interruption whatsoever; and the

Road or Way and the Footways and Causeways upon and over such Bridge shall be and the same are hereby declared to be a Turnpike Road to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Materials of and for the Road or Way, Footways and Causeways, upon or over such Bridge shall be deemed Materials gotten, dug, or gathered for the Repair or Use of the Roads, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all the Powers by Period for this Act or any other Act granted in relation to the taking of Lands p°nr’^s"ry for the Purposes of Turnpike Roads shall, so far as such Powers relate JfLands to the compulsory taking of Lands by this Act authorized to be taken limited, for the Purposes thereof, cease and be utterly void at the Expiration

of Three Years from the Time of the Commencement of this Act:

Provided also, that the preceding Enactment shall not extend the Period by the secondly-recited Act limited for the compulsory taking of Lands for the Purposes thereof.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon and from the Existing Commencement of this Act, and thenceforth until the Thirty-first To,ls to be Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine in- 3^"r*eccn 1 elusive, and notwithstanding the Repeal of the first-recited Act, or ber ist9. any of the Provisions of this Act, the Trustees may demand and

take at the Turnpike Gates erected or continued on or on the Sides of the Roads and Bridge to which such first-recited Act relates the several Sums of Money or Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, and may demand and take at the Turnpike Gates erected or continued on or on the Sides of the Roads to which the secondly-recited Act [Z/oca/.] 7 N relates

(502 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xliv.

relates the several Tolls or Sums of Money thereby authorized to be taken; and the several Provisions of the same Acts respectively in that Behalf shall accordingly, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine inclusive, remain in full Force, and be applicable and have effect as if the Trustees had been the Trustees for carrying the same Acts respectively into execution.

Power to

XVII. And be it enacted, That upon and after the First Day of take Tolls. January One thousand eight hundred and fifty the Trustees may demand and take at the several Turnpike Gates which are or shall be upon or at the Sides of the Roads such Sums of Money or Tolls for Horses, Mules, Asses, and other Beasts of Burden, Oxen, Cows, and Neat Cattle, Calves, Swine, Sheep, and Lambs, and Carriages of whatsoever Sort, as the Trustees shall at any of their Meetings from Time to Time direct, not exceeding the several Sums of Money or Tolls which by the secondly-recited Act the Trustees for executing the same were thereby empowered to demand and take for such Animals and Carriages respectively;

And also for every Foot Passenger or Person on foot (except the Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage) who shall pass any Turnpike Gate erected upon the Roads within Twenty Yards of such Bridge over such Branch of the Penryn River, any Sum not exceeding One Halfpenny, whether he shall travel or go more or less than Twenty Yards on such Roads, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and a like Sum at such Turnpike Gate for every Person who shall ride in or upon any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other like Carriage (not being a Cart or Carriage usually employed for the Conveyance of Passengers for Hire), or who shall ride upon any Horse or Beast drawing any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other like Carriage, whether such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage shall travel or go more or less than Twenty Yards on such Roads; and upon Payment of such Toll on any Foot Passenger, the Collector shall deliver gratis to such Foot Passenger a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment.

Tolls to be

XVIII. And be it enacted, That such several Sums of Money or taken before Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any such Person, Animal, Tun"'fi e °r CarriaSe s,lal1 be permitted to pass through any Turnpike Gate

Gates'.1 erected, placed, or continued by virtue of this Act, and such

respective Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the Trustees, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act in manner herein-after directed.

Not more

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That more than Three than three full Tolls shall not in any Case be taken for the passing and repassing be" )Iid'S 10 in any one anc* the same 1)ay (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock on the next succeeding Night) of the same Animal or Carriage through all or any of the 6 Turnpike

603

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xYw.

Turnpike Gates (exclusive of the Turnpike Gate within Twenty Yards of such Bridge) erected, placed, or continued on the Roads.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That when the Toll for any Only One Animal or Carriage shall have been paid at any Turnpike Gate T°" "1 b.<-‘ (exclusive of the Turnpike Gate within Twenty Yards of such j^iles.m ^ Bridge) erected, placed, or continued on the Roads, the Toll shall not be payable for the passing or repassing in any one and the same Day (to be so computed) of the same Animal or Carriage through any Turnpike Gate within Ten Miles (to be computed by Measurement along the Centre of the Roads) of the Turnpike Gate at which such Toll was paid.

XXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That One full Toll only Full Toll to shall be payable at the Turnpike Gate to be erected within Twenty betaken Yards of such Bridge, for the passing and repassing in any one and forCpa*s^,a/ the same Day (to be so computed) of the same Foot Passenger, the Bridge. Animal, or Carriage through such Turnpike Gate; and, as regards

any such Animal or Carriage, such One full Toll shall be payable, notwithstanding any Toll or Tolls may have been paid for the passing or repassing thereof through any of the other Turnpike Gates erected, placed, or continued upon the Roads, and distant less than Ten Miles from such Turnpike Gate within Twenty Yards of such Bridge.

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any Foot Passenger or Person Penalty on on foot shall fraudulently or forcibly pass through any Turnpike £vf,s‘?n£f Gate erected upon the Roads within Twenty Yards of such Bridge ivscn'ers'1 without paying the Toll hereby imposed, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and such Penalty shall be levied and recovered (together with the necessary Costs and Charges of levying the same) by the same Ways and Means and in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture for fraudulently or collusively claiming or taking the Benefit of any Exemption from Toll or other Exemption on any Turnpike Road may by Law be levied or recovered, and one Moiety of such Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer of the Trustees, and applied for the Purposes of this Act: Provided that the Penalty hereby imposed shall not be deemed or construed to abolish or affect any Penalty imposed by or leviable under any Law in force relative to Turnpike Roads in England.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all the Monies which shall be Application received by the Trustees by virtue of this Act upon or in respect of of Tolls-the Roads shall be applied as follows; (that is to say,)

First, In paying and discharging the Expenses of obtaining and passing this Act or incident thereto:

Secondly, In paying and discharging any Interest which is for the Time being owing in respect of any Money borrowed, and at

the

604

l or paying off the Sum of .500/. yearly as a Composition for certain Securities on the Tolls.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xliv.

the Commencement of this Act owing, on the Security of the several Tolls by the recited Acts respectively granted:

Thirdly, In paying and discharging the Expenses of making, improving, maintaining, and keeping in repair respectively the several Roads, Bridges, and Works respectively by this Act authorized to be made, improved, maintained, and kept in repair respectively:

Fourthly, In paying and discharging any Interest which is for the Time being owing in respect of any Money borrowed after the Commencement of this Act for the Purposes last aforesaid on the Security of the several Tolls by this Act granted:

Fifthly, In reducing, paying off, and discharging according to the Provisions of this Act the several Principal Sums borrowed, and at the Commencement of this Act owing, on the Security of the several Tolls by the recited Acts respectively granted:

Sixthly, In reducing, paying off, and discharging according to the Provisions of this Act the several Principal Sums borrowed after the Commencement of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid on the Security of the several Tolls by this Act granted.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees may and they are hereby required to pay yearly out of the Monies and Tolls collected and received by virtue of this Act such Sums of Money as are agreed to be accepted by any Persons being Creditors upon the Tolls as a Composition on and in satisfaction of their Securities, to the Amount of Five hundred Pounds, according to the Stipulation after mentioned; (that is to say,) the Trustees shall Twenty-one Days at least before the General Meeting in each Year cause public Notice to be given in some One or more Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the County of Cornwall, that a Composition will be paid for Five Mortgages, Bonds, or Debentures for One hundred Pounds each to such Creditors on the Tolls as shall be willing to accept the smallest Composition for their Claims, and requiring such Creditors to transmit Proposals in Writing, sealed up, to the Trustees at such Meetings, specifying therein the lowest Rate per Centum which such Creditors will accept and take for every Mortgage, Bond, or Debenture for One hundred Pounds, not exceeding Five, whiclf they may have due and owing on the Tolls (which Proposals shall, as soon after the Hour of One of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day of such Meeting as convenient, be publicly opened by the Clerk to the Trustees at such Meeting); and the Creditors whose Proposals shall specify the lowest Rate per Centum which they will accept and take for all or any of such Mortgages, Bonds, or Debentures of One hundred Pounds intended to be paid oft’ shall have the Preference and be paid such Sums of Money as they are willing to accept for the same by the Treasurer to the Trustees at the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after such Meeting, with all Interest then due for the same; and if Two or more of such Creditors shall deliver in Proposals at the same Meeting for accepting a Composition for any such Mortgages, Bonds, or Debentures at an equal Rate per Centum, then and in such Case it shall forthwith be determined by Lot, to be fairly

drawn

605

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xliv.

drawn by the Clerk to the Trustees, to which of such Creditors Preference shall be given in Payment of such Composition, and the Creditor having the casting Lot shall be paid his Composition at the Time and in manner herein-before mentioned; but if there shall not be any Proposal delivered in at any such annual Meetings by any Creditor, or, being such, the Proposals shall not be for accepting any such Composition on the full Amount of Five hundred Pounds, then and in any such Case, but not otherwise, the Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby required, in every Year in which such Event shall happen, to set apart out of such Monies and Tolls the full Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall not be required for such Composition, to be applied towards Payment of the other Principal Monies then due and owing on the Tolls, and the Trustees shall then cause the Numbers of the Mortgages, Bonds, or Debentures in respect whereof such Composition has not been accepted, and the several Sums for which they are given, to be separately set down in Writing, and put together into a Box or Wheel, and out of such Box or Wheel immediately afterwards cause to be drawn the Numbers of so many of such Mortgages, Bonds, or Debentures as shall be equal in Value or Amount to the Sum so set apart and intended to be paid off; and in One Calendar Month next after such Numbers shall be respectively drawn, the Treasurer to the Trustees shall pay to the Persons entitled to the Mortgages, Bonds, or Debentures the Numbers of which shall be so drawn, or to the Trustees or Guardians of such of them as are under Age, such Sums of Money as shall be due by virtue thereof, which they are hereby required to accept and take accordingly in discharge of such Mortgages, Bonds, or Debentures, or of such Part of the same as shall be thereby satisfied and paid.

XXV. And whereas some of the several Principal Sums borrowed and now owing on the Security of the several Tolls by the recited Acts respectively granted carry a higher Rate of Interest than others of such Principal Sums, and it would therefore improve the Security for such Principal Sums bearing the lower Rate of Interest if such Principal Sums bearing the higher Rate of Interest were paid off and discharged: Be it enacted, That the Trustees may from Time to Time pay off and discharge at such Times as they shall think fit, but in manner provided by the general Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in England, all or any of such Principal Sums which shall for the Time being carry a higher Rate of Interest than any others of such Principal Sums, unless the Parties holding Securities bearing the higher Rate of Interest shall consent to accept the lower Rate of Interest on such Securities, anything in this Act and the recited Acts, or any of them, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed to exempt the Roads comprised in this Act from the Provisions of any general Act relating to the Consolidation or other improved Arrangement of Turnpike Roads which may pass during the present or any future Session of Parliament.

Power to pay off in the first instance the Debts carrying the highest Rate of Interest.

Roads not to be exempt from Provisions of future

general Acts.

(>06 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xliv.

[Public Act.]

XXVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

vQ( i<> aia17/

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third for dividing and leasing or letting certain Commons or Waste Grounds within the Borough and Township of Congleton in the County of Chester, and for applying the Profits of Part of the same in aid of the Poor’s Rate or other Taxes or public Expenses within the said Township.

[13th July 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for dividing and leasing or letting certain 35G. 3. C. 56.

Commons or Waste Grounds within the Borough and Township of Congleton in the County of Chester, and for applying the Profits of Part of the same in aid of the Poor's Rate or other Taxes or public Expenses within the said Township, and which Act empowered the Trustees therein mentioned to grant and demise, by public Auction,

Cap. xlv,

[Loca/.j

7 P

Parts

610

Powers of recited Act extended to this Act.

Certain Provisions in recited Act repealed.

Power to Trustees to convey or lease upon Ground Kent.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlv.

Parts of the said Commons or Waste Lands thereby vested in them, either together or in such Lots as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them should think most beneficial for the Purpose of that Act, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years at any one Time, or to let and set the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, at an annual Rent or Rents from Year to Year as therein mentioned : And whereas it would increase the Value of such Parts of the said Trust Lands, and conduce more effectually to the Purposes of the said Act, and tend to the Advantage of the Township of Congleton, if Power were granted to the said Trustees and other Officers under the said Act to enable them to convey in Fee or let all or any Part of the same on long Leases for building upon, reserving a yearly Ground or Chief Rent; and it is expedient that some of the Provisions of the said Act should be amended and extended, but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act, so far as the same are now in force, and except such of them as are by this Act repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for, shall extend to this Act as fully and effectually as if the same Provisions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and the recited Act and this Act shall accordingly be construed and have Effect as One Act: Provided always, that whensoever any Notice by Advertisement in a Newspaper is requisite for any of the Purposes of the recited Act or this Act, it shall be sufficient if the same be inserted in some Newspaper published in the County of Chester and usually circulating in Congleton.

II. And be it enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as provides and enacts that nothing therein contained should extend, or be deemed, construed, or taken to extend, to ease or lower the said Charles Watkin John Shakerley, his Heirs and Assigns, in his or their Taxes or Levies of any Sort or Kind, but that he and they should be assessed, bear, and pay the same ad valorem, as well for his present Freehold Estates as for such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands as should be allotted to him in right of his said Manor and his other Freehold Estates, and that in as full and ample Manner as if that Act had not been made, anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Deed or Writing, Deeds or Writings, under their Hands and Seals, to convey, grant, or demise such Parts of the said Trust Lands as they might for the Time being lease, for Twenty-one Years, or any Part or Parts of the same, to any Person

or

611

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlv.

or Persons whomsoever, either in Fee, or for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years, for the greatest annual Chief or Ground Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had or gotten for the same, and without Fine, or anything in the Nature thereof, subject nevertheless to the Provisoes, Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after mentioned.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may from Time to Time cause the said Lands, or any of them, to be divided into such and so many Lots as they shall think most beneficial and advantageous for the Disposal thereof, and shall and may dispose of the same, either in Fee, or for any such Term or Number of Years not exceeding Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years as aforesaid, by Auction, at some one or more of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this or of the said recited Act, of which Meeting or Meetings for such Purpose public Notice shall be given by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing affixed on the Guildhall or on some other conspicuous Place within the said Borough, and also by Advertisement in a Newspaper published and circulating as aforesaid, Fourteen Days at least before the Day or Days appointed for such Meeting or Meetings; and all such Disposals, Conveyances, Grants, or Demises made and executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall be valid and effectual at Law.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Lot of the said Lands shall be conveyed in Fee, or be granted or demised for any Term or Time exceeding Twenty-one Years, unless for building thereOn, or for Annexation to some Land already built on; and whenever any such Lot shall be so conveyed, granted, or demised to any Person or Persons for building thereon, such Person or Persons shall, at the Time of the making of the Conveyance, Grant, or Demise, enter into proper Covenants with the said Trustees, or some Five or more of them, to build thereon, within Five Years thence next ensuing, a good and substantial Dwelling House or other Building, which, exclusive of Outbuildings, shall be of a yearly Value at least double the yearly Ground Rent reserved in such Conveyance, Grant, or Demise, and to uphold and maintain the same of such yearly Value, and according to such Plan and Form, and under such Covenants and Provisoes, as shall be determined on by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them; and whenever any such Lot shall be so conveyed, granted, or demised to any Person or Persons for Annexation to some Land already built on, such Person or Persons shall, at the Time of the making of the Conveyance, Grant, or Demise, enter into proper Covenants with the said Trustees, or some Five or more of them, to annex the same accordingly, within One Year thence next ensuing, and shall grant or secure to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, an effectual Power of Distress over Freehold Lands or Tenements of ample Value, for the Recovery of the yearly Ground

Rent

Trustees to divide Land into Lots, and convey in Fee or Lease by Auction.

Terms of Conveyances in Fee and Leases exceeding 21 Years.

612

Trustees to sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk.

Trustees and Clerk to be reimbursed Expenses of suing and defending.

Trustee or Clerk not to be incompetent Witnesses.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlr.

Rent reserved in such Conveyance, Grant, or Demise; and in the Conveyance, Grant, or Demise of any such Lot, whether for building thereon, or for such Annexation, there shall be contained a sufficient Proviso for Re-entry by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in case the Grantee or Grantees, or Lessee or Lessees, his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, do not well and truly perform and observe all and singular the Covenants and Provisoes in such Conveyance, Grant, or Demise contained, and on his or their Part to be respectively performed and observed.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may sue and be sued in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being; and all Actions and Suits which may be necessary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum or Sums of Money due or payable by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, or for or in respect of any other Matter or Thing relating to this Act or the said recited Act, may be brought in the Name or Names of any One or more of the said Trustees, or in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being; and no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act or the said recited Act, or in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension, or Removal of such Trustee or Trustees or Clerk, or by any Act or Default of such Trustee or Trustees or Clerk done or suffered without the Consent or Direction of the said Trustees, but that any One of the said Trustees, or their Clerk for the Time being, shall be always deemed to be the Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action or Suit (as the Case may be), except in such Action or Suit as shall be prosecuted between the said Trustees and their Clerk for the Time being, in which Action or Suit any One of the said Trustees shall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be).

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such Trustee or Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, all such Damages, Costs, Charges, and Expenses as such Trustee or Clerk shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein; and no such Trustee or Clerk shall be personally answerable or liable for the Payment of the same, or any Part thereof, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Default, or have been brought or commenced without the Order or Direction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

VIII. And be it enacted, That no Trustee or Clerk acting under the Authority of the said recited Act or of this Act shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence or shall be disqualified from giving

Evidence

613

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. x\v.

Evidence in any Action or Suit by reason only of such Trustee or Clerk being the nominal Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit.

IX. And be it enacted, That all Orders of the said Trustees made at any of their Meetings shall be entered by their Clerk in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Chairman for the Time being of such respective Meetings; and such Orders and Proceedings, so entered and signed, shall be deemed and taken to be the original Orders and Proceedings, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever.

X. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding anything contained in the said recited Act, if after any Adjournment of a Meeting it shall at any Time be thought necessary to hold a Meeting of the Trustees on an earlier Day than the Day to which the Meeting shall stand adjourned, or in case no Adjournment shall happen to have been made at the previous Meeting of the said Trustees, then and in either of such Cases it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed on the Door of the Guildhall or on some other conspicuous Place within the said Borough, to convene a Meeting of the said Trustees to be held at such Time as may be mentioned in such Notice (such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Notice being so affixed); and all the Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees at such Meeting to be convened as aforesaid shall be as valid as they would have been in case the said Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment.

XI. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding anything contained in the said recited Act, all Orders and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, though not duly qualified, nor having taken or subscribed the Oath as prescribed by the said recited Act, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified and had taken and subscribed the Oath according to the Directions of the said recited Act.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expenses relating to the same, or incidental thereto, shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the first Monies to arise under or by virtue of this or the said recited Act.

XIII. Saving always to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest,

[Local.] 7 Q Claim,

Proceedings to be entered.

Meetings on Emergencies.

Acts of Trustees not qualified, to be valid if done before Conviction.

Expenses of Act.

General

Saving.

614 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlv.

Claim, and Demand, (other than and except such as are expressly barred or intended to be barred or extinguished by this Act,) as they or any of them had and enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or ought to have had in case this Act had not been passed.

[Public Act.]

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

fc HOT-.H'V

^ V- - - *1- 0.!

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

Cap. xlvi.

An Act to facilitate the Prosecution of Criminal Offences before Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the County of Renfrew, and to simplify the Proceedings therein and lessen the Costs thereof.

[13th July 1849.] ,y

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Procedure before the Justices of the Peace for the County of Renfrew in the Prosecution of minor Crimes and Offences should be simplified, so as to facilitate the Trials for Crimes and lessen the Costs of Prosecution : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That in all Prosecutions for Criminal Justices em-Offences at the Instance of the public Prosecutor, or of a private Party Powered to with his Concurrence, now competent before Her Majesty's Justices jT£Sp™‘"o" s of the Peace for the said County, and where the Prosecutor shall charged with crave or conclude for Imprisonment for a Period not exceeding Sixty certain Days, or for a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds, and Imprisonment Crimes, for a Period not exceeding Sixty Days in case of such Fine not being paid, accompanied in either Case, if necessary, with Caution for good [Local.] 7 R Behaviour,

618

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlvi.

Behaviour, or to keep the Peace, for a Period of Six Months, under a Penalty of not more than Five Pounds, the Procedure shall be in the summary Form herein-af'ter provided : Provided always, that in all such Prosecutions all the Proceedings shall be in open Court, and that a Record shall be preserved of the Charge and of the Judgment, and that a Note of the Evidence shall be taken by the Justice or Justices trying the Case, or by the Clerk of Court, and if by the Clerk of Court such Note shall be certified as accurate, and be subscribed by such Justice or Justices, who shall be responsible for the Accuracy of the same.

Form of

II. And be it enacted, That the Complaint at the Instance of the

Complaint. pUu;c Prosecutor, or private Party with his Concurrence, may be in the Form of the Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as Circumstances will permit.

Form of

III. And be it enacted, That upon such Complaint being presented Warrant. to any Justice it shall be lawful for such Justice to grant Warrant to apprehend or cite the Person accused to appear and answer to the Complaint; and such Warrant may be in the Form contained in Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed.

Form of

IV. And be it enacted, That upon such Warrant being granted it

Commit- shall be lawful to bring the Persons accused before any One Justice ment. for Examination, and such Justice may thereafter, in the Form contained in the Schedule (C.) hereunto annexed, grant Warrant to commit the Persons accused to Prison to await their Trial, the Imprisonment under such Warrant not being more than Ten Days, or Copy of until the next Court Day, if such Court Day shall be beyond Four to°be^erv d ^Llt w'^''n ^ ctl U;1),s of the Date of Imprisonment; and such Justice on the6n 6 shall appoint a Copy of the Complaint to be served on the Accused Accused. at least Twenty-four Hours before the Diet for Trial.

Justices may V. And be it enacted, That upon the Apprehension or Commit-Baif*1 of ment of any Person in virtue of this Act for any Crime it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices to accept of Bail, and to liberate such Person upon Bail, to an Amount not exceeding Five Pounds being found for his due Appearance on the Day of Trial.

Mode of

VI. And be it enacted, That all Warrants and Notices to appear Citation. may be served on the Persons accused by an Officer of Court in the Form contained in the Schedule (D.) hereunto annexed, and that the Warrant to apprehend or to cite, or the Copies served on the Persons accused, shall be sufficient Authority to any Officer of Court to cite Witnesses for either Party to appear at the Trial, under a Penalty of Ten Pounds Scots each in case of Failure; and the Execution by the Officer, which may be according to the Form contained in the said Schedule (D.), shall be held as sufficient Evidence of the Service of the Complaint on the Accused.

Procedure

VII. And be it enacted, That the Procedure at the Trial may be at Trial.;n the Forms contained in the Schedule (E.) hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as Circumstances will admit.

6

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cup.xlvi. 619

VIII. And be it enacted, That where an accused Party shall have Persons

been lawfully cited to appear to answer to any Complaint under this Clted and Act, and shall fail to appear, then the Justice or Justices shall grant "n°, ^pbeear' Warrant to apprehend him, and the Case against him shall he there- appre-after conducted in the Manner herein provided. bended.

IX. And be it enacted, That where a Party has been apprehended Party and brought before One Justice for Examination, as before provided, charged where the Crime or Offence charged shall appear to the Prosecutor to offences^ be of a petty Nature, it shall, on his craving, be competent to such ,iay be tried Justice at once to hear the Complaint, and either on Proof thereof, or by One Jus-upon the judicial Confession of the Person accused, to impose a Fine tice-

not exceeding Twenty Shillings, with Imprisonment, in case of such Fine not being paid, for a Period not exceeding Ten Days, or otherwise to sentence a Person accused to Imprisonment for a Period not exceeding Ten Days, without Prejudice to such Justice, upon Cause shown, adjourning such Trial for any Period not exceeding Forty-eight Hours, the Prisoner being either imprisoned or finding Bail, as herein-before provided, for his due Appearance at such Trial.

X. And be it enacted, That where the Party accused resides or is Warrants at the Time beyond the Bounds of the County of Renfrew, and a p^r't^Lut Warrant has been granted to apprehend or to summon him to appear tj)e bounty, to answer to the Complaint, it shall be competent to the Clerk of may be en-’ the Peace or any Justice for the County within which the Accused dorsed by resides or at the Time may be, and they are hereby required, to ciirk'of the endorse such Warrant; and in virtue of such Endorsation any Officer peace of any of the County where the Offence was committed, or where the Party other County resides or may be, may act upon and execute such Warrant; and in where Party like Manner when a Witness proposed to be adduced resides beyond iesides‘

the Bounds of the said County of Renfrew it shall be lawful for any Officer of that County, or of the County where the Witness resides, to cite such Witness, the Warrant or the Copy served on the Accused being first endorsed by the Clerk of the Peace or a Justice for the County where such Witness resides, which Endorsation they are hereby required to make; and such Endorsation may be according to the Form in the Schedule (B.) hereto appended, or in any other Form to the like Effect.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or Justices may more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Renfrew, after ord<u' summary Trial as aforesaid, and Conviction, to imprison in the House of Correction or Prison, there to be kept to hard Labour for a Period s°Dejlmpr1' not exceeding Sixty Days, all Vagabonds, public Beggars, and idle and disorderly Persons found within the said County who have not a settled Place of Residence and follow no lawful Employment.

XII. And be it enacted, That no Appeal to the Quarter Sessions No Appeal shall be competent from any Judgment pronounced. Deliverance *° Quarter given, or Proceeding had under this Act in any Trial in the summary essions-Form herein provided, nor shall it be competent to bring any such Judgment, Deliverance, or Proceeding under Review of any Superior

Court by Reduction, Advocation, Suspension, or Appeal: Provided always,

620

Proceedings may be written or printed.

Expenses of Act.

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

[Public Act.]

Act may be amended &c.

12° & 13° VICTOUIiE, Cap. xlvi.

always, that in Cases proceeding upon a written Complaint under this Act such and the like Appeal shall be allowed as is provided in the Case of any Criminal Offence tried summarily before the Sheriff.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all Proceedings under this Act may be either in Writing or printed, or partly both.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Expense incurred in preparing and obtaining this Act shall be defrayed out of the Rogue Money of the said County of Renfrew within Five Years after the passing hereof; and the Commissioners of Supply of the said County are hereby required to impose such additional Assessment or Assessments as may be necessary for this Purpose, which Assessments shall be levied with and form Part of the Rogue Money for said County.

XV. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments and Proceedings, and in other Documents, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Renfrewshire Justice of Peace Courts Act, 181-9. "

XVI. And be it enacted, That in this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender only shall include Females:

The Word "Month" shall mean Calendar Month:

The Word "Justice" shall mean any of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Renfrew.

XVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

SC HE-

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlvi.

m

SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Complaint.

Unto the Honourable Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Renfrew,

Complains A.B., Procurator Fiscal of Court [or other Party with his Concurrence],

That C.D. has been guilty of the Crime of Actor or Art and Part, in so far as on the Day of

or about that Time, he did [here state the Particulars of the Offence, specifying particularly the Place where the Offence was committed] :

May it therefore please your Honours to grant Warrant to apprehend the said C.D., and to bring him before you [or to cite him to appear before you] to answer to this Libel, and thereafter to [here specify the Punishment concluded for], and to proceed otherwise further in Terms of Law.

A.B.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Deliverance.

[Place and Date.]

Grants Warrant to apprehend and bring C.D. complained upon [or to cite him to appeal] to answer to this Complaint.

E.F., J.P.

Endorsation.

[Place and Date.] Presented to me, and endorsed in Terms of the Statute.

G.H., J.P. Clerk [or Dep.] for shire.

or I.J., J.P. for shire.

7 S

SC HE-

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xWi.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Commitment for Trial.

[Place and Date.] Having considered this Complaint, and examined C.D. complained on, grants Warrant to commit him [her or them] to the Prison of for Trial. Appoints the Trial of the said C.D. to take place on or before the Day of and appoints

a Copy of this Complaint to be served on him at least Twenty-four Hours previous to Trial.

E.F., J.P.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Order of Appearance by Officer.

C.D. take notice, That you are required to appear before any Two or more of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Renfrew within [Place of Appearance] upon the Day of

at o’Clock noon, to answer to the Criminal Libel against you to which this Notice is attached.

This Notice served Day of

K.L., Constable.

Execution of Service of Libel by Constable.

A Copy of a Criminal Libel containing a Charge of Theft [or whatever the Crime may be], consisting of Pages, was on the

Day of served by me upon C.D. by delivering

the same to him personally [or otherwise, as the Case may be], on which Copy was marked a Notice of Appearance before any Two or more of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Renfrew to answer to the said Libel within [Place of Appearance], on the Day of at o’Clock

K.L., Constable.

R. S., Witness.

SCHEDULE (E).

Adjournment.

[Place and Date]. Appeared C.D. complained on, who requires a Copy of the Complaint, and that his Trial shall be adjourned as accords with Law.

The

623

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlvi.

The Justices adjourn the Diet till the Day

of at o’Clock noon, appoint a Copy

of this Complaint to be served on the said C.D. at least Twenty-four Hours previous thereto, and grant Warrant to commit him to the Prison of to await his Trial.

M.N., J.P.

O.P., J.P.

Procedure.

At the Day of in Presence

of and Esquires, Two

[or more, or in the Case of petty Offences,

Esquire, One] of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Renfrew.

Appeared the Complainer.

Appeared the said C.D. complained against [in the Case of petty Offences, here insert the Complainer craves that the Case may be tried under the Provisions of the Ninth Section of the Statute]; and the Libel being read over to him, he answers that he is guilty [or not guilty].

C.D.

M.N., J.P. O.P., J.P.

The Witnesses after named were examined on Oath in support of the Libel; viz.

and the Witnesses after named were examined on Oath in exculpation; viz.

Sentence.

The Justices find and therefore [here add the Terms of the Sentence].

M.N., J.P. O.P., J.P.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

A

.v

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORI/E REGINA.

Cff/?.xlvii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually amending the Road leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey to Highgate in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[13th July 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually amending the Road leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey to Highgate in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for other Purposes relating thereto: And whereas the Trustees acting under and by virtue of the said recited Act have proceeded to carry the [Loco/.] 7 T Powers

9G.4. c. 120.

620

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xUW.

Powers and Provisions thereof into execution, and considerable Sums of Money have been advanced and still remain due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken or collected upon the said Roads: And whereas Doubts have been entertained whether under the said recited Act and the Acts therein referred to the said Trustees have Power to levy the additional Tolls for narrow Wheels imposed by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of 3G.4. c. 126. His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and that the said Trustees should be empowered to levy such additional Tolls as herein-after mentioned; but such Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Provisions of of the same, That all the Provisions, Matters, and Things contained recited Act }n {]ie said recited Act, so far as the same are in force, and except thi^Acf to so far as they may be altered or affected by the Provisions of this Act, shall extend to this Act and to the several Purposes thereof as fully and effectually as if the same Provisions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed and read together as forming One Act.

Power to take additional Tolls in respect of narrow Wheels, notwithstanding Provisions of 4 G. 4. c- 95., &c.

Money not to be borrowed without Consent

II. And be it enacted, That on all the Roads comprised in the said recited Act One Half more than the Toll by such Act made payable for every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Caravan, Cart, Dray, or such like Carriage, by whatever Name the same may be called, shall be demanded and taken for every Horse or other Beast drawing any such Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Four and a Half Inches at the Bottoms or Soles thereof, or having the Tires of the Wheels convex or in any other respect not of a flat Surface, or not having the Nails thereof countersunk so as to form a flat Surface, and One Fourth more than the said Toll shall be demanded and taken for every Horse or other Beast drawing any such Carriage having the Bottoms or Soles of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Four and a Half Inches, but of less Breadth than Six Inches, anything in an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge additional Toll for any Cart not drawn by more than One Horse or Two Oxen.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls collected and received by virtue of the recited Act

and

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.nWu. 627

and this Act, or on any other Security, or to make any Mortgage or of Secretary give any Security for Arrears of Interest, Purchase Money of Land, of State, or other Monies owing, without the Consent in Writing of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State first obtained : Provided nevertheless, that a Recital or Statement of such Consent which shall be inserted in any Mortgage for securing any Money so borrowed shall, so far as respects any Person claiming under such Mortgage, or any Transfer thereof, be sufficient Evidence of such Consent; and in case such Trustees shall make any such Mortgage with such Recital or Statement therein without having first obtained such Consent, they shall be jointly and severally liable to indemnify the Tolls or other Monies out of which the Monies secured by such Mortgage shall be paid; and it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of such Road to sue for and recover such Money so paid by Action of Debt in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, with full Costs of Suit, to be taxed as between Attorney and Client.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees For paying acting under and by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, and off a certain they are hereby required, to reserve and set apart Five Pounds per j""" Centum at least yearly of the Monies and Tolls collected and received position for by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, and to apply the Sum certain so set apart in or towards Satisfaction of the Monies from Time to Securities on Time due on the Security of the said Tolls in manner following; (that the 0 s' is to say,) the said Trustees shall, Twenty-one Days at least before the annual General Meeting in each Year, cause public Notice to be given in some One or more Newspaper or Newspapers which shall be published in London at least Six Days in the Week that a Composition or Compositions to an Amount to be specified in the Notice, not exceeding the Sum for the Time being reserved and set apart, will be paid to such Creditor or Creditors on the said Tolls as shall be willing to accept the smallest Composition for or for any Portion of his, her, or their Security or Securities, and that such Creditors are required to transmit Proposals in Writing sealed up to the Trustees at the said Meeting, specifying therein the lowest Rate per Centum which such Creditor or Creditors will accept and take for each and every or any Security of which he, she, or they may be possessed, or for any Portion thereof (which said Proposals shall, as soon after the Hour of One of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day of the said Meeting as convenient, be publicly opened by the Clerk to the Trustees at the said Meeting), and the Creditor or Creditors whose Proposal or Proposals shall specify the Rate per Centum, being less than the full Amount due, which shall in the Judgment of the said Trustees (due Regard being had to the Rate of Interest payable on the respective Securities) render it most advantageous that the Security in respect of which such Proposal or Proposals shall be made should be paid, shall have the Preference, and be paid by the Treasurer of the said Trustees at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after such Meeting, or sooner if such Creditor or Creditors shall be willing to accept the same, such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they may have proposed to accept (if the Amount proposed to be accepted shall not exceed the Sum for the Time being reserved and set apart, or otherwise such

Portion

(>28 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xWn.

Portion of the same Amount as the Sum reserved and set apart shall extend to satisfy); and if Two or more of the said Creditors shall deliver in Proposals for accepting a Composition for any such Security or Securities, or for any Portion of any such Security, at a Rate per Centum which shall in the Judgment of the said Trustees be equally advantageous to the Interests of the said Trust, and the Sum reserved and set apart shall not be sufficient to satisfy the whole of the Compositions proposed to be taken, then and in such Case it shall be forthwith determined by Lot, to be fairly drawn by the Clerk of the said Trustees, to which of the said Creditors Preference shall be given in Payment of such Composition or Compositions, and the Creditor or Creditors having the casting Lot shall be paid, at the Time and in manner herein-before mentioned, his, her, or their Composition or Compositions, or such Part of the same as the Sum reserved and set apart shall extend to satisfy; and the Money paid shall go and be in or towards Satisfaction of the Security or Securities according to the Rate of Composition mentioned in the Proposal or Proposals in respect thereof; but if at any annual General Meeting there shall not be any Proposals delivered in by any of the Creditors for accepting any such Composition or Compositions, or if the Proposal or Proposals delivered in shall not exhaust the Sum for the Time being reserved and set apart, then and in any of such Cases, but not otherwise, the said Trustees shall and may and they are hereby required at such annual General Meeting to cause the Numbers of such Securities, if more than One, as they shall think proper, to be first paid off (regard being had as aforesaid to the Amount of Interest payable on the same) with the several Sums for which they were given, to be separately set down in Writing, and put together into a Box or Wheel, and out of such Box or Wheel immediately afterwards cause to be drawn the Numbers of so many of the said Securities as shall be equal, as nearly as may be, in Amount to the Sum reserved and set apart as aforesaid, or to so much of the same Sum as shall not be exhausted by the Payment of any Composition or Compositions, the Proposal or Proposals for which shall have been delivered to such Meeting; and - immediately after such Meeting the Clerk to the said Trustees shall transmit by Post to the respective Creditor or Creditors entitled to the Security or Securities the Numbers of which shall be drawn, addressed to him, her, or them by such Address as shall be last known to the said Trustees, a Notice in Writing of the Amount intended to be paid by the said Trustees in or towards Satisfaction of the Security or Securities, and that the same will be payable at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Date of the Notice at some Office to be specified in the Notice; and the Trustees shall cause their Treasurer or other Officer to attend at the Office or Place and at the Time specified in such Notice, and to pay the Amount specified therein to the Person or Persons entitled to and applying for the same, with all Interest due on the Security in respect of which the same shall be paid; and if Default shall be made in such Payment by reason of Neglect to apply for the same on the Part of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, Interest shall nevertheless thenceforth cease on the Amount of the Security or Securities which would have been paid off, but the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Security

shall

629

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cajo.xlvii.

shall be entitled, on Application afterwards to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, to be paid the Amount of the Principal Money which, on Application in pursuance of such Notice as aforesaid, would have been paid off: Provided always, that if the Amount due on any Security of which the Number shall be drawn as aforesaid shall exceed the Sum for the Time being reserved and set apart as aforesaid, or shall exceed such Part of the same Sum as shall remain after Payment of any Security which shall previously have been drawn out, then the said Trustees shall pay or cause to be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the Security so exceeding the Sum reserved and set apart, or so exceeding the Remainder thereof as aforesaid, such Portion of the said Amount due on such Security as the Sum reserved and set apart, or such Remainder thereof, will extend to satisfy : Provided also, that no Creditor on the said Tolls shall be obliged to receive, nor shall the Trustees be entitled to pay to any Creditor, unless with Consent of such Creditor, a less Sum than One hundred Pounds in part of his or her Security, unless such less Sum will satisfy the same Security, nor shall any Creditor be obliged to receive, nor shall the Trustees be entitled to pay to any Creditor, unless with Consent of such Creditor, any Sum in part of his or her Security which shall leave a less Sum than One hundred Pounds due on such Security; provided further, that if and whenever by reason of the Provision last aforesaid, or for any other Cause, any of the Monies so to be reserved and set apart as aforesaid shall not for the Time being be applicable to the Payment of any of the Securities in pursuance of the Provisions aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to permit the same to remain in the Hands of their Treasurer, or, if they shall think fit, to invest the same in Exchequer Bills on account of the said Trustees, and to add thereto any Interest received on account thereof.

V. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed to exempt the Roads comprised in this and the said recited Act from the Provisions of any general Act relating to the Consolidation or other improved Arrangement or Management of Turnpike Roads which may pass during the present or any future Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of obtaining and passing this Act or incident thereto shall be paid by the Trustees acting under and by virtue of the said recited Act out of any Money already raised and received, or out of the first Money to be raised and received by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

VII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence from and after the passing thereof, and this Act and the recited Act shall continue in force for and during the Remainder of the Term granted by the said recited Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth.

7 V

Roads not to be exempt from Pro-vfsions of any future general Act.

Expenses of Act.

[Continuance of Act.]

630

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cctp.xlvii.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall bejudicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for the Improvement of the Haven, Bridge, and Navigation of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk.

[13th July 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for 5 & 6 VV. +. improving the Haven of Great Yarmouth in the County of c- 4'9-Norfolk, and the several Rivers connected therewith, and for repairing or taking down and rebuilding a certain Bridge over the said Haven at Great Yarmouth aforesaid, and a certain Bridge called St. Olave’s Bridge, over the River Waveney, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and for suspending for a limited Period certain Duties payable to the Corporation of Great Yarmouth, and imposing other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas Commissioners have been from Time to Time appointed under the Provisions of the said Act, who have proceeded to carry the same into execution: And whereas it would be of great public Advantage that a new Bridge should be built across the said Haven, and that the said Haven should be widened and enlarged, and that the Provisions of the said Act should be in other ways amended : And whereas the said Commissioners appointed in pursuance of the said recited Act are willing to carry the same into execution; but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be [.Local.] 7 A enacted j

634

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xWm.

enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 5 6 W. 4. Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by main in force ^ie Authority of the same, That the Provisions of the said recited Act, except where excepting so far as the same are expressly altered, enlarged, amended, altered by repealed by, or are inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, shall this Act. be and continue and remain in full Force and Effect.

8 & 9 Vict, c. 18. and 10 & 11 Vict, c. 27. incorporated with this Act.

Short Titles of recited Act and of this Act.

Commissioners for carrying this Act into execution.

Power to raise a certain Sum of Money.

II. And be it enacted, That the Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1815," shall, so far as they are applicable to and are not modified by this Act or inconsistent with the Provisions thereof, and "The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847," except only such Provisions as are repugnant to or inconsistent with this Act, or with the said herein-before recited Act of the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, shall be held to apply to the Execution of the Works by this Act authorized to be constructed, and shall be for that Purpose incorporated with and be construed as forming Part of this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That in citing the said herein-before recited Act of the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth in this or in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments and other Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to refer to and describe such recited Act by the Title of " The Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Act, 1835," and that in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments and other Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to refer to and describe this Act by the Title of " The Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Improvement Act, 184<J."

IV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners appointed under and by virtue of " The Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Act, 1835," and their Successors for the Time being, shall be the Commissioners for carrying this Act into execution.

V. And whereas by " The Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Act, 1835," it was, amongst other things, enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, so that the Money borrowed, including the Sum of Eleven thousand six hundred Pounds which had been at the Date of the passing of the said Act borrowed and was then due and owing upon the Credit of certain Acts thereby repealed, should not exceed in the whole at any One Time the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Duties by the said Act granted : And whereas the Sum which the said Commissioners are thereby empowered to raise would be altogether inadequate for the Purposes of this Act, and it is expedient that greater Powers should be granted to the said Commissioners in that respect: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered to borrow from Time to Time such further Sum or Sums of Money as to the said Commissioners shall seem requisite, so that the Money borrowed shall not at any One Time exceed in the whole the Sum of Sixty thousand

Pounds,

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xWm. G35

Pounds, upon the Credit of the Duties by the said Act granted; and all the Powers and Provisions in " The Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Act, 1835," contained, with reference to the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, which the said Commissioners are thereby empowered to raise, shall apply to the further Sum of Forty thousand Pounds which the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to raise.

VI. And be it enacted, That so much of " The Great Yarmouth Application Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Act, 1835," as relates to the Appli- ol !'Ionies-cation of the Duties thereby granted to the Commissioners, and of

all Duties to be recovered under the Acts thereby repealed, and of all other Sums of Money which at the Time of the passing of the said Act should be in hand from the Receipt of Duties under the same Acts, and of all other Sums of Money to be received from Time to Time by the Commissioners for executing the said Act, under the Authority of the said Act, and which said Monies were thereby vested in the said Commissioners, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof be it enacted, that all Monies which shall at the Time of the passing of this Act be in the Hands of the said Commissioners, or which shall hereafter come to the Hands of the said Commissioners, under and by virtue of "The Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Act, 1835," or of this Act, whether as Duties or otherwise, shall be vested in the said Commissioners, and shall be applied by them in the following Manner; (that is to say,) in the first place, in paying all Sums due by the said Commissioners at the Date of the passing of this Act for Salaries, Contracts, or other Debts; secondly, in paying all the Costs,

Charges, and Expenses incurred in applying for, preparing, and obtaining this Act, and otherwise incident or relating thereto, or in paying any Sum or Sums which may have been advanced for the Purpose of defraying such Costs, Charges, and Expenses, and any Interest on such Sum advanced; thirdly, in paying the Interest upon any Sum or Sums of Money borrowed and still remaining due under the Powers of "The Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Act, 1835," or which may be borrowed under the Powers of this Act, as and when the same shall become due; fourthly, in defraying-the Expenses of keeping up the said Haven, and all Expenses incident thereto, and all Expenses attending the Execution of the several Works, Matters, and Things by " The Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Act, 1835," or by this Act, authorized to be done, and in paying the Monies by " The Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Act, 1835," made payable to the City of Norwich and the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk respectively, as therein and herein-after mentioned; and lastly, in paying and discharging the Principal of any Sum or Sums borrowed under the Authority of " The Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Act, 1835," or of this Act.

VII. And whereas by "The Norfolk Railway, Yarmouth Exten- Power to sion, Act, 1847," the Norfolk Railway Company were empowered improve to lay down and have laid down a Tramway passing along and on N"^®n".nd

a Level with certain Quays in the Parish and Town of Great Yar- according"to

mouth

636

deposited

Plans.

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 29.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlviii.

mouth aforesaid, and it is necessary for the Purposes of this Act that the Line of the said Tramway shall be altered : And whereas by an Act made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and repairing the Road from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of Southtown otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorleston in the County of Suffolk, certain Trustees were appointed for the Purpose of carrying the said Act into execution : And whereas it is necessary for the Purposes of this Act to divert, alter, and remake Part of the said Road : And whereas Plans and Sections, showing the Line of the present and proposed Bridge, Haven, and Navigation, and the Improvements and Works connected therewith, and the Line and Level of the said Tramway upon the Quays aforesaid, and of the said Road in the Hamlet of Southtown aforesaid, and of the Lands proposed to be taken for the same respectively, and the Levels of the Banks of the said Haven and Navigation, together with a Book of Reference to such Plan, containing the Names of the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands upon or through which it is intended that the same should respectively be made, have been deposited at the respective Offices of the Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: Be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions contained in this Act, and in " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," incorporated herewith, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required, upon the Line and Levels and on the Lands in the said Plans and Sections delineated and described in the said Book of Reference, or within such Limits of Deviation as are therein laid down, to widen, enlarge, improve, or otherwise alter the said Haven and Navigation, and, within the Limits aforesaid, to pull down and remove any Wharfs, Quays, or other Works in the said Parish of Great Yarmouth and Hamlet of Southtown, now obstructing, encroaching upon, or interfering with the said Haven and Navigation, and upon the Line and Levels and within the Limits aforesaid to construct such other Wharfs, Quays, Embankments, and other Works and Conveniences as to the said Commissioners shall seem expedient for the Purposes of improving the said Haven and the Navigation thereof, together with all convenient Approaches to such Wharfs and Quays, and upon the Line and according to the Sections aforesaid to construct and hereafter to maintain and keep in repair a Bridge across the said Haven of Great Yarmouth, from the Parish of Great Yarmouth aforesaid to the Hamlet of Southtown aforesaid, such Bridge to be of One centre opening Span of Fifty Feet for the Passage of Vessels through the same, and Two Side Arches of Sixty-five Feet Span each, so as to afford a total Waterway of One hundred and eighty Feet at the least, and to be built square to the Haven, and be so constructed as that the Approaches thereto shall not exceed an Inclination of One in Thirty, as shown by the said Plans and Sections, and to make all convenient Approaches to the said Bridge, and for that Purpose, within the Limits aforesaid, to take up, alter, and remove the said Tramway laid down under the Authority of the "Norfolk Railway, Great Yarmouth Extension, Act, 184-7," and upon the Lines or within the Limits of Deviation aforesaid to relay the same, and also upon the Line and Levels

637

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlviii.

or within the Limits of Deviation aforesaid to widen, divert, alter, and remake so much of the said lload from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of Southtown aforesaid, as is necessary for the Approaches to the said Bridge, and for the Purposes aforesaid, and subject to the Provisions of this Act and " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 184/5," to enter upon, take, and use such of the said Lands upon the said Plans and in the said Book of Reference described as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, anything in the '‘Norfolk Railway, Yarmouth Extension, Act, 1847," the said Southtown Road Act, or a certain Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, and 50G.3. c. 23. watching the Town of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for making other Improvements in the said Town, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if, after Working Drawings of Local Survey the Works hereby authorized shall have been submitted to the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or to the Commis- t)^e ,(dmi-° sioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, it shall be ralty, at the deemed expedient by him or them to order a local Survey and Expense of Examination of such Works, or of the intended Site thereof, the *!ie Eommis-Commissioners for executing this Act shall defray the Costs of such " local Survey and Examination, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due to Her Majesty from the Commissioners executing this Act, and if not paid on Demand may be recovered as a Debt due to the Crown, with the Costs of Suit, or may be recovered, with Costs, as a Penalty is or may be recoverable from the same Commissioners.

IX. And be it enacted, That if the Bridge or any Work to be Works aban-constructed by the Commissioners of this Act, or any Portion of jjoned may such Bridge or Work, shall be abandoned or suffered to fall into b®

Disuse or Decay by the Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the ralty, at Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office Expense

of Lord fligh Admiral, to abate and remove the same, or such Part °.f Commis-or Parts thereof as he or they may at any Time or Times deem sloners' fit. and proper, and to restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Cost and Charge of the Commissioners executing this Act, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due from the same Commissioners to the Crown, and be recoverable accordingly, with Costs of Suit.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- p0Wer to

missioners, at any Time during the Construction of the Works autho- enter upon rized by this Act, without making any previous Payment, Tender, Lands for or Deposit, to enter upon any Lands immediately adjoining the Lands ot

upon which they are empowered to construct the said Works, and

to occupy the same so long as may be necessary, for the Construction of the said ^orks, and to use such Lands either for the Purpose of depositing or manufacturing thereon any Materials of any kind to be used in the Construction of the said Works, or for placing thereon any Soil or Rubbish which may come from the [Local.] 7 Y Works

(538

Penalty for taking away Materials.

Hollows in the Channel of the River Yare to be filled up only as approved by the Admiralty.

Power to sell Materials of old Bridge when new Bridge completed.

During Time of Removal of old Bridge and Construction of new one a Light to be hung out from Sunset to Sunrise.

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap.*lviii.

Works which they are hereby authorized to remove or pull down, or for any other temporary Purpose connected with the said Works, making nevertheless full Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands for the Use thereof and for all Damage done thereto in such Manner as shall be agreed upon beween the said Commissioners and the said Owners and Occupiers thereof; and in case any Difference shall arise concerning the Amount to be paid for such Use or Damages, the same to be determined in the Manner provided by "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," for determining the Amount of Compensation to be paid for Lands taken under the Provisions thereof.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Provisions contained in "The Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Act, 1835," for the Protection of Materials provided for the Purposes of that Act, shall extend to Materials provided for the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Hollows or deep Parts of the Channel of the River Yare, if required to be filled up, shall be so filled up as that a sufficient Margin be left for the improved Scour of the Tides deepening the Channel above and below, and that the Materials used to fill in such Hollows or deep Parts of the said Riygr shall be of such a Nature as to be easily removed at a future Time, if required, and as shall be approved of by the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral; and that previously to any such Hollows or deep Parts of the said River being filled up the Details of the proposed Works shall be submitted to the said Lord High Admiral, or to the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for Approval, and the same Works shall not be commenced until after such Approval shall be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary to the Admiralty.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, when and as soon as the Bridge which they are hereby empowered and required to build shall be completed and open for public Use, to sell or convert the Materials of the present Bridge across the said Haven to their Use, and to pull down and remove the same.

XIV. And be it enacted, That during the Removal of the said old Bridge, and the Construction of the said new Bridge and Works connected therewith, the said Commissioners of this Act shall cause to be hung out or exhibited every Night from Sunset to Sunrise a Light, to be kept burning by and at the Expense of the said Commissioners, for the Navigation and safe Guidance of Vessels, and for ever after the Completion of the said new Bridge the same Commissioners shall cause to be hung out or exhibited upon or near to the Centre of such Bridge, every Night from Sunset to Sunrise, a good and sufficient Light, to be kept burning by and at the Expense of the same Commissioners, for the Navigation and safe Guidance of Vessels, and which Light shall be from Time to Time altered by the same Commissioners in

639

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xlviii.

in such Manner and be of such Description and be so used as the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall by Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty approve of; and in case the said Commissioners of this Act shall neglect to exhibit and keep either of such Lights burning as aforesaid, they shall forfeit and pay for every such Neglect the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XV. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the said Duties of Bridge shall be completed and open for public Use the said Commis- Officers anJ sioners of this Act shall place or cause to be placed at or upon a ^publicly conspicuous Part at each End of the said Bridge full Information as notifiedwhen to the Duties of the Officers and Servants of the said Commissioners Bridge com-relative to opening the said Bridge, and the Passage of Vessels through Plete<1-

the same; all which Particulars are to be kept by the said Commissioners plainly written or painted with large Black Letters on a White Ground.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Com- Vessels not

missioners of this Act, or any Person acting under them, at any Time to ben"nnc)ee’ from Sunrise to Sunset, to detain any seaborne Vessel navigating the '< e

River, and for the Passage of which it shall be requisite to open the said Bridge, such Vessel having duly paid or satisfied all Dues payable under the said " Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Act, 1835," for a longer Space of Time than maybe sufficient to admit of the opening of the said Bridge for such Vessel to pass, and that it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to make or allow any Charge to be made for or in respect of the opening of the said Bridge; and in case any such Vessel shall be detained contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or any Charge shall be made for or in respect of the opening of the said Bridge for such Vessel, every Person so offending shall in every such Case forfeit and pay a Sum not less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Ten Pounds; but nothing in this Act shall prevent any Remedy for Damages which any Party may sustain in respect of any unnecessary Detention at such Bridge.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the new Quays which shall be New Quays built under the Authority of this Act shall be public Quays, and all built under Vessels shall be at liberty to moor and to load and unload thereat in bepublic*0 the usual and accustomed Manner; and the said new Quays shall Quays.

be subject to all such Rights of Way and Passage, and other Rights,

Ways, and Privileges, in all respects, as the present Quays are now subject to; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of this Act to purchase a sufficient Quantity of Land to enable them and they are hereby empowered to extend the Quays on both Sides of the Haven, in order to relieve the present crowded State of the Harbour, and permit Vessels to lie broadside instead of end on to the Quays; and all the Powers, Provisions, and Penalties in the said " Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Act, 1835," contained, with reference to the said Quays, shall apply and extend to the new Quays to be built or acquired under the Authority of this Act.

040

Commissioners to inspect and report as to public Rights of Way.

Commissioners not to be liable for the future Repairs of the Approaches to the Bridge.'

Certain Road may be lighted by Trustees.

Commissioners not to be liable to the futureRepair of the Tramway.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xIviii.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of this Act are hereby authorized and required, twice at least in every Year, to inspect or cause to be inspected the public Right or Rights of Way in and along both Shores of the Haven, and report to the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, every Encroachment made on such Right or Rights of Way; and the Commissioners of this Act shall and they are hereby required to take all necessary Proceedings to abate or remove every such Encroachment.

XIX. And be it enacted, That when and so soon as such Part of the said Road in the said Hamlet of Southtown as the said'Commissioners are hereby empowered to alter and remake upon the Lines and Levels aforesaid shall have been so altered and remade in pursuance hereof, and shall have become sound and fit for the public Use, that then the same shall become and be taken to be for and to all Intents and Purposes a Part of the said Turnpike Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge to Gorleston, and subject to all the Provisions of the said herein-before recited Act relating to the said Road as amended by this Act, as fully and effectually as any other Part of the said Road; and nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge the said Commissioners, or the Monies to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, with repairing or maintaining in future such Part of the said Road, but the same shall be kept in repair thereafter according to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, notwithstanding anything in the said Act for more effectually amending, widening, and repairing the said Turnpike Road contained, it shall be lawful for the Trustees acting in execution of the said Act, if they shall so think fit, to light with Gas the said Part of the said Road in the said Hamlet of Southtown which the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to alter and remake, and also the other Portions of the Road under the Care and Management of the said Trustees, and to make and enter into Contracts and Agreements and to do all necessary Acts for that Purpose.

XXI. And be it enacted, That when and so soon as such Part of the said T ramway as the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to alter and relay shall have been so altered and relaid, and shall be fit for the public Use, that then the same shall become and be taken for and to all Intents and Purposes a Part of the Tramway authorized to be made by the Norfolk Railway Company under the Provisions of "The Norfolk Railway, Yarmouth Extension, Act, 1847," and subject to all the Provisions of the said Act, as fully and effectually as any other Part of the said Tramway, and nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge the said Commissioners, or the Monies to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, with repairing or maintaining in future such Part of the said Tramway, but the same shall be kept in repair thereafter according to the Provisions of the said Act.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlviii. 041

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Present contained shall extend to authorize the said Commissioners, without the Consent of the Norfolk Railway Company, to alter the Level noTto'beS of the said Tramway, but the Surface of the Rails of the new or altered, substituted Tramway shall be kept on the same Level with the Tramway for which such new or substituted Tramway is intended to be a Substitution; and further, that it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to take up, alter, remove, or interfere with the said Tramway as at present laid down, or any Portion thereof, until the said new or substituted Tramway shall be completed for the Transmission of Carriages and Waggons thereon, and so that no Impediment may arise to the Traffic passing along the same; and also that the said Commissioners shall, for the Period of Twelve Months after such new or substituted Tramway shall have been completed and opened for public Use, keep and maintain the same in good and substantial Repair.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, notwithstanding anything Commission-in this Act contained, it shall not be lawful for the said Commis- ers not to sioners, or for any other Persons acting under or in execution of ^n/(, this Act, or for any other Purpose, either permanently or tempo- property of rarily, to enter upon, take, or use any of the Land or Property of Norfolk' the Norfolk Railway Company, or which they have Power to take Railway under their respective Acts of Parliament, or in any Manner to alter, C°mPany-vary, or interfere with the said Norfolk Railway Company, or any of the Works appertaining thereto, save only for the Purpose of diverting the said Tramway to the Extent herein-before referred to.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Saving shall prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Rights of Privileges, Powers, Franchises, or Authorities of or vested in or fle;i^°rfolk belonging to the said Norfolk Railway Company, but all the Rights, company. Powers, Privileges, Franchises, and Authorities under their several Acts of Parliament and otherwise are hereby expressly saved and reserved.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Works hereby authorized Period for to be constructed shall be completed within Three Years after the Completion passing of this Act, and on the Expiration of such Period the Powers 0 or given to the said Commissioners by this Act and " The Land Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," for constructing the same, shall cease to

be exercised, except as to so much of the said Works as shall be then completed.

XXVI. And whereas by the " Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, Allotment of and Navigation Act, 1885," it was enacted, that at the General Money for Meeting of the said Commissioners which should be held on the J^n^of* last Tuesday in the Month of April in every Year, or at any Ad- Navigation, journment thereof, amongst others, the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens,

and Commonalty of the City of Norwich, and the Justices present at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County of Norfolk next after the Thirty-first Day of March in every Year, should respectively deliver to the said Commissioners an Esti-[Loca/.] 7 Z mate

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlviii.

mate of the Sum of Money which would be required to be laid out and expended by the said Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, and Justices respectively, in the Execution and Performance of certain Works therein-after mentioned, within the Twelve Months next ensuing the Delivery of such Estimate, and the said Commissioners should at the same Meeting pay to the Chamberlain for the Time being of the City of Norwich, or to such other Person as the said Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, should appoint to receive the same, the Amount of the Sum for which the said Mayor, Sheriff's, Citizens, and Commonalty should have so delivered in an Estimate as aforesaid, provided such Estimate should not exceed the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, to be applied for the Purposes and in the Manner mentioned in the said Act; and the said Commissioners should at the same Meeting pay to such Person or Persons as the Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk in Quarter Sessions assembled should yearly appoint to receive the same, the Amount of the Sum for which the said Justices should have so delivered in an Estimate as aforesaid, provided such Estimate should not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to be applied for the Purposes and in the Manner mentioned in the said Act: And whereas the respective Sums of Money to which the said Estimates are so limited have been found inadequate for the Purposes to which the same are respectively applicable, and it is expedient to increase the same : Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at the Meeting at which such Estimates shall respectively be delivered, and they are hereby empowered, to pay to the Treasurer of the City of Norwich, or to such other Person as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Norwich shall appoint to receive the same, such further Sum of Money as shall be mentioned in the Estimates so to be delivered by the said Body Corporate of the City of Norwich, and required to be laid out and expended by them as aforesaid within the Twelve Months next ensuing the Delivery of such Estimate, provided such Estimate shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, to be applied for the same or the like Purposes in all respects as in the said Act is directed with regard to the Amount of the Estimate so payable to or to the Appointment of the said Body Corporate under the said Act, and in such Manner as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Norwich shall direct, and also to pay to such Person or Persons as the Justices of the Peace tor the County of Norfolk in Quarter Sessions assembled shall yearly appoint to receive the same, such further Sum of Money as shall be mentioned in the Estimate so to be delivered by the said Justices, and required to be laid out and expended by them as aforesaid within the Twelve Months next ensuing the Delivery of such Estimate, provided such Estimate shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, to be applied for the same or the like Purposes in all respects as in the same Act is directed with regard to the Amount of the Estimate so payable to or to the Appointment of the said Justices under the said Act, and in such Manner as the said Justices in Quarter Sessions assembled shall direct; and all the Provisions in the " Great Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, Navigation Act, 1835," contained with reference to the several Sums of Money

which

643

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. xlviii.

which the said Commissioners are thereby empowered and directed to pay to or to the Appointment of the said Body Corporate and Justices respectively shall apply to the further Sum of Two hundred Pounds or any Part thereof which the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to pay to or to the Appointment of the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Norwich, and to the further Sum of One hundred Pounds or any Part thereof which they are also hereby empowered to pay to or to the Appointment of the said Justices.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That all Acts, Nominations, Appoint- All Nomina-ments, Matters, and Things required or directed by the said " Great |-ions> *c'to Yarmouth Haven, Bridge, and Navigation Act, 1835," or by this ggS™ons<u Act, to be made or done at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held under for any County or Division to be held next after or in the Week next \ & 5 W. 4. after the Thirty-first Day of March, may be lawfully done, made, and c-4'7-appointed at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such

County or Division held under and by virtue of the Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for preventing the Interference of the Spring Assizes with the April Quarter Sessions; and that all such Acts, Nominations, Appointments, Matters, and Things shall be valid and effectual for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

[Public Act.]

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849-

fr*Ti,

\a

fi*.

VICTOR!zE REGINAE.

Cap. xlix.

An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Joshua Procter Westhead of Manchester, Manufacturer.

[13th July 1849.]

WHEREAS by Letters Patent tinder the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the Eighth Day of June in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, Her said Majesty did give and grant unto Joshua Procter Westhead of Manchester, Manufacturer, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Her especial Licence, full Power, sole Privilege and Authority, that he the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them, by himself and themselves, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants or Agents, and no others, should and lawfully might, during the Term of Fourteen Years from the Date of the said Letters Patent, make, use, exercise, and vend, within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, an Invention therein mentioned of "Improvements in manufacturing Fur into Fabrics," communicated to him from abroad, and in which Letters Patent is contained a Proviso making void the said Letters Patent if the said Joshua Procter West-head should not cause a particular Description of the Nature of the said Invention, and the Manner in which the same is to be performed, by an Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal, to be enrolled [ Local.] 8 A in

Letters Patent, dated 8th June 1848.

646

Letters

Patent

confirmed.

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. xlix.

in Her said Majesty's High Court of Chancery within Six Calendar Months next and immediately after the Date of the said recited Letters Patent: And whereas a Specification was enrolled by the said Joshua Procter Westhead in the said High Court of Chancery, whereby he the said Joshua Procter Westhead did describe and ascertain the Nature of the said Invention, and the Manner in which the same is to be performed; but inasmuch as the said Specification was enrolled on the Thirteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and the Period for enrolling the same as limited by the said Letters Patent expired on the Eighth Day of that Month, the same have thereby become void : And whereas the Nonenrolment in due Time of the said Specification arose from Inadvertence and wrong Information given to the said Joshua Procter Westhead, and it is expedient that such Letters Patent should, notwithstanding, be rendered valid in manner herein-after mentioned; but this Purpose cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Letters Patent (a true Copy whereof is set forth in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed) shall during the Remainder of the Term of Fourteen Years therein mentioned be, and be considered, deemed, and taken to be, as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Specification so enrolled by the said Joshua Procter Westhead on the Thirteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight had been enrolled within Six Calendar Months next and immediately after the Date of the said Letters Patent, as in the said Letters Patent provided.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

12" & 13" VICTORIA, Cap.-da.

SCHEDULE (A.) referred to in the foregoing Act.

(COPY.) LETTERS PATENT.

Victoria, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith, To all to whom these Presents shall come, greeting: Whereas Joshua Procter West-head of Manchester, Manufacturer, hath by his Petition humbly represented unto Us, that in consequence of a Communication from a certain Foreigner residing abroad he is in possession of an Invention of "Improvements in manufacturing Fur into Fabrics;" that the said Invention hath never been practised or used by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to his Knowledge or Belief; the Petitioner therefore most humbly prayed, that We would be graciously pleased to grant unto him, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Our Royal Letters Patent for the sole Use, Benefit, and Advantage of his said Invention within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for the Term of Fourteen Years, pursuant to the Statute in that Case made and provided; and We, being willing to give Encouragement to all Arts and Inventions which may be for the public Good, are graciously pleased to condescend to the Petitioner’s Request: Know ye therefore that We, of Our special Grace, certain Knowledge, and mere Motion, have given and granted, and by these Presents, for Us, Our Heirs and Successors, do give and grant unto the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Our special Licence, full Power, sole Privilege, and Authority that he the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them, by himself and themselves, or by his and their Deputy or Deputies, Servants or Agents, or such others as he the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall at any Time agree with, and no others, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter during the Term of Years herein expressed shall and lawfully may make, use, exercise, and vend the said Invention within that Part of Our United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, Our Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, in such Manner as to him the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or any of them, shall in his or their Discretion seem meet; and that he the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and lawfully may have and enjoy the whole Profit, Benefit, Commodity, and Advantage from Time to Time coming, growing, accruing, and arising by reason of the said Invention, for and during the Term of Years herein mentioned, to have, hold, exercise, and enjoy the said Licence, Powers, Privileges, and Advantages herein-before granted or mentioned to be granted unto the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

for

648

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cajj.xUx.

for and during and unto the full End and Term of Fourteen Years from the Date of these Presents next and immediately ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended, according to the Statute in such Case made and provided; and to the end that he the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them, may have and enjoy the full Benefit and the sole Use and Exercise of the said Invention, according to Our gracious Intention herein-before declared, We do by these Presents, for Us, Our Heirs and Successors, require and strictly command all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and all other Our Subjects whatsoever, of what Estate, Quality, Degree, Name, or Condition soever they be, within that said Part of Our United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, Our Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed aforesaid, that neither they nor any of them at any Time during the Continuance of the said Term of Fourteen Years hereby granted, either directly or indirectly, do make, use, or put in practice the said Invention or any Part of the same so attained unto by the said Joshua Procter Westhead as aforesaid, nor in anywise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble the same, nor shall make or cause to be made any Addition thereunto or Subtraction from the same, whereby to pretend himself or themselves the Inventor or Inventors, Devisor or Devisors thereof, without the Licence, Consent, or Agreement of the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in Writing under his or their Hands and Seals, first had and obtained in that Behalf, upon such Pains and Penalties as can or may be justly inflicted on such Offenders for their Contempt of this Our Iloyal Command, and further to be answerable to the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to Law, for his and their Damages thereby occasioned: And moreover We do by

these Presents, for Us, Our Heirs and Successors, will and command all and singular the Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Constables, Headboroughs, and all other Officers and Ministers whatsoever, of Us, Our Heirs and Successors, for the Time being, that they or any of them do not nor shall at any Time during the said Term hereby granted in anywise molest, trouble, or hinder the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any of them, or his or their Deputies, Servants, or Agents, in or about the due and lawful Use or Exercise of the aforesaid Invention, or anything relating thereto: Provided always, and these Our Letters Patent are and shall be upon this Condition, that if at any Time during the said Term hereby granted it shall be made appear to Us, Our Heirs or Successors, or any Six or more of Our or Their Privy Council, that this Our Grant is contrary to Law, or prejudicial or inconvenient to Our Subjects in general, or that the said Invention is not a new Invention, as to the public Use and Exercise thereof in that said Part of Our United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, Our Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed aforesaid, or not first introduced therein by the said Joshua Procter Westhead as aforesaid, then, upon Signification or Declaration thereof to be made by Us, Our Heirs or Successors, under Our or Their Signet or Privy Seal, or by the Lords and others of Our or Their Privy Council, or any Six or more of them, under their Hands, these

Our

049

12° & J3° VICTORIA, Cap. xlix.

Our Letters Patent shall forthwith cease, determine, and be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes, anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding : Provided also, that these Our Letters Patent, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to give Privilege unto the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any of them, to use or imitate any Invention or Work whatsoever which hath heretofore been found out or invented by any other of Our Subjects whatsoever, and publicly used or exercised in that said Part of Our United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, Our Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed aforesaid, unto whom like Letters Patent or Privileges have been already granted for the sole Use, Exercise, and Benefit thereof; it being Our Will and Pleasure that the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons to whom like Letters Patent or Privileges have been already granted as aforesaid, shall distinctly use and practise their several Inventions by them invented and found out, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the same respective Letters Patent and of these Presents : Provided likewise, nevertheless, and these Our Letters Patent are upon this express Condition, that if at any Time hereafter these Our Letters Patent, or the Liberties and Privileges hereby by Us granted, shall become vested in or in trust for more than the Number of Twelve Persons, or their Representatives, at any One Time, as Partners dividing or entitled to divide the Benefit or Profits obtained by reason of these Our Letters Patent (reckoning Executors or Administrators as and for the single Person whom they represent as to such Interest as they are or shall be entitled to in right of such their Testator or Intestate), and also if the said Joshua Procter Westhead shall not particularly describe and ascertain the Nature of the said Invention, and in what Manner the same is to be performed, by an Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal, and cause the same to be enrolled in Our High Court of Chancery within Six Calendar Months next and immediately after the Date of these Our Letters Patent, and also if the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall not supply or cause to be supplied for Our Service all such Articles of the said Invention as he or they shall be required to supply by the Officers or Commissioners administering the Department of Our Service for the Use of which the same shall be required, in such Manner, at such Times, and at and upon such reasonable Prices and Terms as shall be settled for that Purpose by the said Officers or Commissioners so requiring the same, that then these Our Letters Patent, and all Liberties and Advantages whatsoever hereby granted, shall utterly cease, determine, and become void, anything herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; provided that nothing herein contained shall prevent the granting of Licences in such Manner and for such Considerations as they may by Law be granted : And lastly We do by these Presents, for Us, Our Heirs and Successors, grant unto the said Joshua Procter Westhead, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, that these Our Letters Patent, or the Enrolment or Exemplification thereof, shall be in and by all things good, firm, valid, sufficient, and effectual [Local.J 8 B in

650

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CV-xlix.

in the Law according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, and shall be taken, construed, and adjudged in the most favourable and beneficial Sense for the best Advantage of the said Joshua Procter West-head, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, as well in all Our Courts of Record as elsewhere, and by all and singular the Officers and Ministers whatsoever of Us, Our Heirs and Successors, in that Part of Our said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, Our Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed aforesaid, and amongst all and every the Subjects of Us, Our Heirs and Successors, whatsoever and wheresoever, notwithstanding the not full and certain describing the Nature or Quality of the said Invention, or of the Materials thereto conducing and belonging. In witness whereof We have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent. Witness Ourself at Our Palace at Westminster, this Eighth Day of June in the Eleventh Year of Our Reign.

(By Writ of Privy Seal.)

EDMUNDS.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

kuB

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

Cap. 1.

An Act to alter, amend, extend, and enlarge some of the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, and for making Extensions of some of the Branches of the said Railway, and for making other Provisions in relation to the said Railway and to the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company.

[13th July 1849.]

WHEREAS by the Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 1836, a Company was incorporated by the Name of the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company, for the Purpose of making the Railway and Works in the said Act mentioned: And whereas further and additional Powers were granted to the said Company by the several Acts following; that is to say, " The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 1837 " The Manchester and Leeds

Railway Act, 1839;" "The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 1841 " The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 1844 " The

Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, No.]., 1845;" "The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, No. 2., 1845;" " The Manchester f Local.] 8 C and

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. 1.

and Leeds Railway Act, 1846;" "The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, No. 1., 1847 " The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act,

No. 2., 1847;" "The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, No. 3., 1847;" and " The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Act, 1848 And whereas by " The Ashton, Stalybridge, and Liverpool Junction Railway Act, 1844," the Ashton, Stalybridge, and Liverpool Junction Railway Company were incorporated, with Power to make a Railway from Manchester to Ashton-under-Lyne and Stalybridge, and under the Powers of the same Act the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company purchased the said Railway, whereupon the said first-mentioned Company were dissolved, and their Undertaking, Powers, and Authorities became and were vested in the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company; and by " The Ashton, Stalybridge, and Liverpool Junction Railway Act, 1845," the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company were empowered to make a certain Extension of the said last-mentioned Railway : And whereas by " The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, No. 3., 1847," the Name of the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company was changed to that of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company: And whereas it is expedient that the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company should be empowered to make an Extension of the Railway formerly known as the Ashton, Stalybridge, and Liverpool Junction Railway, and now called the Ashton and Stalybridge Branch of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, at and from its present Terminus at Stalybridge to join the Huddersfield and Manchester Railway : And whereas, in order to make such Extension, and effect a Junction with the said Huddersfield and Manchester Railway, it will be necessary to alter the Levels of a Part of the said Branch Railway as herein-after mentioned : And whereas by " The Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal and Railway Act, 1831," the Company of Proprietors of the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal Navigation and Railway were incorporated, with Powers to make a Railway from Manchester to Bolton and Bury; and by " The Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal and Railway Act, 1832," "The Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal and Railway Act, 1835," "The Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal and Railway Act, 1838," and "The Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal and Railway Act, No. 2., 1846," the said Company of Proprietors were empowered to alter and extend their Railway, and their Powers were altered, amended, and enlarged: And whereas by the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury, and Manchester and Leeds Canal and Railways Act, 1846, the said Company of Proprietors were amalgamated with, and their Undertakings, Powers, and Authorities became vested in, the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company, now the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company: And whereas it is expedient that the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company should be empowered to make an Extension of the Clifton Branch of the Railway formerly called the Manchester and Bolton Railway, and now Part of the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, and a Branch Railway from such Extension to the Wardley Branch of the Manchester and Southport Railway, thereby effecting a Junction with such last-mentioned Railway: And whereas by " The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, No. 3., 1847," the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company were empowered to make an Extension of the said

655

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. 1.

said Clifton Branch of their Railway, and it is expedient that a Part of such last-mentioned Extension Railway should not be made, and that the Construction thereof should be abandoned : And whereas by "The Liverpool and Bury Railway Act, 1845," the Liverpool and Bury Railway Company were incorporated, with Power to make a Railway from Liverpool to Bury, and by the Liverpool and Bury Railway Act, 1846, the same Company were empowered to make certain Branches from and Extensions of their said Railway, and, among others, a certain Branch or Extension Railway to commence at or near the intended Terminus of the Liverpool and Bury Railway at or near Love Lane, and to terminate at or near the Junction of Tythe Barn Street and Key Street in Liverpool, being the Branch Railway first described in the said last-mentioned Act: And whereas by " The Liverpool and Bury and Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 1846," the Liverpool and Bury Railway Company were amalgamated with, and their Undertaking, Powers, and Authorities became vested in, the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company, now the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, and the said Liverpool and Bury Railway is now Part of the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway : And whereas it is expedient that the Time for making the said last-mentioned Branch or Extension Railway prescribed and limited by the said Liverpool and Bury Railway Act, 1846, should be extended: And whereas the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company require to raise a further Capital for certain Purposes hereinafter specified: And whereas by " The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Act, 1848," Powers were given to the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to convert, divide, and distribute the Share Capital of the said Company, and to make Arrangements as therein mentioned, and it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be extended to Capital hereafter to be raised or to become Part of the Share Capital of the said Company : And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or some of them, should be in other respects altered, amended, and enlarged:

And whereas the said several Objects cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That (unless there be something Imerpreta-in the Subject or the Context repugnant to such Construction) Words fj;°n of in this Act importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural lerms' Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number, and Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females, and the Expression " the Company " shall mean " The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company," and the Word "Shareholder" shall mean Shareholder of the said Company.

II. And be it enacted, That the several Acts herein-before recited Provisions (except so far as the same are altered or varied, or except where it °r recited is otherwise provided by this Act, or by "The Lands Clauses Con- 849 y-ct solidation Act, 1845," or "The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, Cc. 18. & 20. 1845,") shall, so far as they are applicable to the Subject of this Act, extended to apply to and form Part of this Act.

056

[Short Title.]

Power to make Branch Railways according to deposited Plans.

Ashton Branch;

('lift on Branch;

Wardley

Branch.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. 1.

III. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act it shall in all Cases be sufficient to use the Expression " The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Act, 1849."

IV. And whereas Maps or Plans and Sections of the several proposed Extension and Branch Lines of Railway herein-before mentioned, and herein-after more particularly described, showing the Lines and Levels thereof respectively, and also Books of Reference containing the Names of the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers, or reputed Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of Lands through which the same respectively are intended to pass, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Lancaster: Be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Company to make and maintain the said several Extension and Branch Lines of Railway and Works in the Lines and upon the Lands delineated on the said Plans and described in the said Books of Reference respectively, and to enter upon, take, and use such of the said Lands as shall be necessary for such Purposes respectively; and that such Extension and Branch Lines of Railway shall be the following:

An Extension Railway, being an Extension of the Ashton and Stalybridge Branch of the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (heretofore called "The Ashton, Stalybridge, and Liverpool Junction Railway"), commencing at or near the Terminus of the said Ashton and Stalybridge Branch Railway at or near the Town of Stalybridge in the Hartshead Division in the Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne in the County of Lancaster, and terminating by a Junction with the Huddersfield and Manchester Railway in the said Division and Parish about Eighty-two Yards ou the West Side of Stamford Street in Stalybridge aforesaid, and passing through the several Parishes, Townships, or Places following, or some of them, (that is to say,) Ashton-under-Lyne, Hartshead Division, and Stalybridge, all in the County of Lancaster:

An Extension Railway, being an Extension of the Clifton Branch of the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, commencing by a Junction with the said Clifton Branch in the Township of Clifton in the Parish of Eccles in the said County of Lancaster at the Distance of Twenty-one Chains or thereabouts from and on the Westerly Side of the Point where that Branch Railway crosses the Turnpike Road leading from Manchester to Bolton, and terminating at or near to certain Vitriol Works in the Occupation of Harrison Blair Esquire in the Township of Kearsley in the Parish of Dean, there to form a Junction with the Extension Line authorized by the "Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, Number 8., 1847," of the said Clifton Branch, which said Extension hereby authorized will pass through the several Parishes, Townships, or Places following, or some of them, (that is to say,) Eccles, Dean, Clijlon, Kearsley, Little Hulton, and Worsley, all in the said County of Lancaster:

A Branch Railway from the said last-mentioned Extension Railway hereby authorized to be made, commencing by a double Junction therewith on the South-easterly Side of a certain Moss called Kearsley Moss in the Township of Kearsley in the Parish of

Dean,

657

12" & 13" VICTORIA, 1.

Dean, and terminating in a certain Field called Moreton Moss, Part of the Wardley Hall Estate, in the Township of Worsley in the Parish of Eccles, occupied by Peter Nightingale, there to form a Junction with the Wardley Branch of the Manchester and Southport Railway at the Terminus thereof; and passing through the several Parishes, Townships, or Places following, or some of them, (that is to say,) Dean, Eccles, Kearsley, Little Hulton, and Worsley, all in the said County of Lancaster.

V. And whereas Sections showing the proposed Alteration in the Levels of a Portion of the said Ashton and Stalybridge Branch of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, heretofore called " The Ashton, Stalybridge, and Liverpool Junction Railway," have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Lancaster: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to alter, in the Manner and to the Extent shown upon the said Sections, the Levels of the Portion of the said Branch Railway which lies between a certain Occupation Road in the Hartshead Division in the Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne in the County of Lancaster, numbered 8 on the Plan of the said Ashton, Stalybridge, and Liverpool Junction Railway referred to in the Ashton, Stalybridge, and Liverpool Junction Railway Act, 1844, and the present Terminus of the said Ashton and Stalybridge Branch Railway at or near the Town of Stalybridge in the said last-mentioned Division and Parish, which Alteration will extend from, in, through, or into or be made within the several Parishes, Townships, and Places following, or some of them, (that is to say,) Ashton-under-Lyne, Hartshead Division, and Stalybridge, all in the County of Lancaster.

VI. And be it enacted, That all Communications with the said Huddersfield and Manchester Railway, and all such Openings in the Ledges or Flanches of the same as may be necessary or expedient for effecting such Communication, shall be made at the Expense of the Company, under the Direction and Superintendence and to the reasonable Satisfaction of the Engineer for the Time being of the London and North-ivestern Railway Company.

VII. And whereas the said Extension and Branch Railways hereby authorized, and secondly and thirdly herein-before described, will intersect or pass near certain Lands containing valuable Mines of Coal and other Minerals belonging to the Devisees in Trust of the late Duke of Bridgewater, anti to the Right Honourable Francis Egerton Earl of Ellesmere, respectively, some of which Lands are also eligible for Building Purposes: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Devisees in Trust and the said Earl of Ellesmere respectively, their respective Heirs or Assigns, or other the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers for the Time being of the said Lands and Alines or any of them, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, as Occasion may require, to make, construct, lay down, and maintain, and also from Time to Time to alter, all such Sewers, Drains, Gas Pipes, Water Pipes, Tramroads, Railways, or other Roads and Passages over or under the said Extension and Branch Railways or either of them, and over, under, through, or across any of the Lands which may be taken by

[Loca/.] 8 D , the

Power to alter Levels of Part of Ashton Branch.

As to Communications with Huddersfield and Manchester Railway.

Power to Duke of Bridge -water’s Trustees to make Communications through the Railway.

658

Works to be under the Superintendence of the Company’s Engineer.

Differences as to Communications to be settled by Justices.

Communications may be made on Inclined Planes.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. 1.

the Company for the Purposes thereof, in order to the more effectually draining, lighting, and affording Communication from one Side to the other of the said Lines of Railway or any of them, at such Places, to such Extent, and in such Manner as such Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers cotdd or might have made, altered, or maintained the same if this Act had not passed, but subject to the Provisions herein-after contained.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Sewers, Drains, Pipes, Crossings, and Communications shall be made and all such Works executed to the reasonable Satisfaction and under the Superintendence of the Engineer of the Company hereby incorporated, and so as not to occasion any Stoppage of or Obstruction or Injury to the Traffic or Passage along the said Railway, or cause any greater Inconvenience to the Company than is absolutely necessary, nor shall any such Sewers, Drains, Pipes, Roads, or Ways, Crossings or Communications, be made so as to interfere with any of the Stations or injuriously with any of the other Works of or belonging to the said Railway for the Time being; and all Losses, Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expenses which shall be done or occasioned by or by reason of the Construction, Maintenance, Use, or Existence of any such Sewers, Drains, Pipes, Roads, or Ways, Crossings or Communications, as last herein-before provided, whether sustained by the Company or other Party using the Railway, shall from Time to Time, when and as often as the same shall happen or arise, be made good to the Company or other Party by w'hom the same shall have been incurred or sustained, by the said Devisees in Trust, their Heirs or Assigns, in case such Sewers, Drains, Pipes, Roads, or Ways, Crossings or Communications, shall have been made by their or any of their Authority or Direction, or by the said Earl of Ellesmere, his Heirs or Assigns, in case such Sewers, Drains, Pipes, Roads, or Ways, Crossings or Communications, shall have been made by his or their or any of their Direction or Authority, or by other the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers of the said Lands and Mines or any of them, by whose Authority or Directions such Sewers, Drains, Pipes, Roads, or Ways, Crossings or Communications, shall have been made, unless the same shall have happened or arisen by or through the wilful Neglect or Default of the Company or other Party using the Railway, or their or any of their Servants or Agents.

IX. And be it enacted, That in case any Difference shall arise as to the Manner and Time of making such Sewers, Drains, Pipes, Roads, or Ways, Crossings or Communications, or Alterations therein, or the Maintenance thereof, or the Places at which the same shall be made, such Difference shall, subject to the Provisions of this Act, be determined by 'I wo Justices in the Manner provided by the said Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, in case of Difference as to Accommodation Works.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Devisees in Trust and Earl of Ellesmere respectively, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, or other the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers for the Time being of the said Lands and Mines respectively, to make, construct,

and

659

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. 1.

and lay down, with the Consent of the Railway Commissioners, and for ever thereafter to maintain, collateral Branch Railways, to communicate with the said Extension and Branch Railways hereby authorized to be made or either of them, in manner and subject to the Restrictions and Conditions provided by the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to collateral Branch Railways to communicate with the Railway, except and notwithstanding that such collateral Branch Railways may communicate with the said Lines of Railway on an Inclined Plane, and such Communication shall be made so as not to interfere with the Safety of the Public, or to injure the Main Line of Railway.

XI. And whereas it is intended that the said Extension of the As to Con-Ashton and Stalybridge Branch of the Lancashire and Yorkshire struction of Railway shall be carried over several Streets within the said Town of ^Vg'J''Cg^tail Stalybridge, called Rassbottom Street, Wood Street, and Spring streets in Street, upon and by means of Bridges : Be it therefore enacted, That the Town of all Bridges to be erected by the Company for the Purpose of carrying Stalybridge. such last-mentioned Extension Railway over the said several Streets shall be built in conformity with the following Regulations; (that is to say,)

The Bridges shall all be of Brick, Stone, or Iron, or some of those Materials:

The Piers, Pillars, or Abutments and Foundations of every Bridge shall extend and be made below the Surface of the Street to a Depth sufficient to allow the Commissioners for the Time being acting under an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Stalybridge in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Chester, and for regulating the Police thereof, and for establishing and regulating a Market and erecting a Market Place within the said Town, (in citing or referring to which last-mentioned Act in this Act it shall in all Cases be sufficient to use the Expression " The Stalybridge Police and Market Act, 1828,") to make and construct any Sinks, Drains,

Sewers, or Watercourses, and to lay and deposit any Main or other Pipes, which under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise they are authorized to make and construct or lay down and deposit in the Street over which such Bridge shall be made:

The inside Face of the Pier or Abutment of the Bridge over Rassbottom Street shall be lineable with the North-easterly Side of that Street when such Street is made straight on the Northeasterly Side thereof as herein-after mentioned, and the inside Face of the South-westerly Pier or Abutment shall be built parallel with the North-easterly Pier or Abutment at a Distance from the inside Face of such North-easterly Pier of not less than Forty-eight Feet on the Square:

The inside Face of the Piers or Abutments of the Bridges over Wood Street and Spring Street shall be parallel with the Buildings on each Side of the Street, and if there be no Buildings then with the Side of the Street:

The

fi60

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. 1.

The Top of every Bridge shall be made and for ever afterwards maintained drop-dry:

The Bridge over Rassbotlom Street shall be an horizontal Beam Bridge of One Span only, and the clear, open, and uninterrupted Span of such Bridge, exclusive of all Piers, Abutments, and other Encroachments of every Description, shall in no Place be less than Forty-eight Feet wide on the Square; and the said Bridge shall be of such a Height from the present Surface of the Carriage Road beneath as to leave under every Part of such Bridge over such Carriage Road a clear, open, and uninterrupted Space or Headway of not less than Eighteen Feet in Height:

The Bridge over Wood Street shall be an horizontal Beam Bridge of One Span only, and the clear, open, and uninterrupted Span of such Bridge, exclusive of all Piers, Abutments, and other Encroachments of every Description, shall in no Place be less than Twenty-five Feet wide on the Square; and the said Bridge shall be of such a Height from the present Surface of the Carriage Road beneath as to leave under every Part of such Bridge over such Carriage Road a clear, open, ana uninterrupted Space or Headway of not less than Sixteen Feet in Height:

The Bridge over Spring Street shall be an horizontal Beam Bridge of One Span only, and the clear, open, and uninterrupted Span of such Bridge, exclusive of all Piers, Abutments, and other Encroachments of every Description, shall in no Place be less than Thirty Feet wide on the Square; and the said Bridge shall be of such a Height from the present Surface of the Carriage Road beneath as to leave under every Part of such Bridge over such Carriage Road a clear, open, and uninterrupted Space or Headway of not less than Sixteen Feet in Height:

The Company shall erect and for ever maintain on the higher or North-west Side of the said Bridges over Rassbottom Street, Wood Street, and Spring Street respectively, a good, substantial, and close Fence not less than Six Feet high, and shall continue such Fence in a Westerly Direction from Rassbottom Street for the Distance of Thirty Yards.

Company

XII. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding the Provisions of Level* of'ter t^1's ^ct’ or any Act incorporated herewith, it shall not be lawful for Streets! Company to raise, lower, alter, divert, change, or otherwise

interfere with the present Level, Inclination, Gradient, Course, or Direction of any Street, Road, or Way within the Town of Staly-bridge aforesaid (except as by this Act expressly authorized) without the Consent of the Commissioners for the Time being acting under " The Stalybridge Police and Market Act, 1828," first had and obtained, such Consent to be testified by Writing under the Hand of their Clerk.

Company to

XIII. And whereas it is expedient, for the Advantage and Pro-of LanSd toE tection of the Ihiblic, that Rassbottom Street in Stalybridge shall, as Rassbottom far as is practicable, be made straight on the North-easterly Side Street on thereof, according to a straight Line to be drawn from the higher

the North- Corner of the North-easterly Pier of the Bridge lately erected by°the

7 Huddersfield

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. l 661

Huddersfield and Manchester Railway and Canal Company over Rass- easterly Side bottom Street aforesaid to the End of the Wall which at present thereof-bounds Rassbottom Street at its Junction with and at the Westerly Side of the Old Highway leading up to Ridghill Lanes : Be it therefore enacted, That before the Company shall begin to erect their Bridge over Rassbottom Street they shall purchase, and for ever thereafter leave open and unbuilt upon, and dedicate to the Public as a Highway and Part of Rassbottom Street, all the Land adjoining the present North-easterly Side of Rassbottom Street which is or would be comprised in the Space between the present North-easterly Side of that Street and a straight Line to be drawn between the Two Points herein-before particularly mentioned; and the Company shall well and effectually form, pave, flag, and otherwise complete such Space of Land to the same Level as the present Street.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Company Company

shall not be required to purchase any Land for improving the n«trcqu'ieJ North-easterly Side of Rassbottom Street as aforesaid which is not LanTnot156 included within their Limits of Deviation as shown upon the Plan within their deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Lan- Limits of caster. Deviation.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company Company to and they are hereby required, before opening the said Extension of purchase the Ashton and Stalybridge Branch of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Land In Railway to the Public, at their own Expense to purchase so much ®r ew'street Land as shall be necessary for forming a new Street of Ten Yards of Ten Yards wide, commencing at Wood Street aforesaid, and terminating at and wide, communicating with Spring Street aforesaid, parallel with and adjoining to the said intended Extension Railway, and to pull down all

Houses and other Buildings necessary to open and form such Street; provided nevertheless, that if there shall happen to be less Space than Ten Yards in Width at any particular Point between the said Railway and Back Cross Street, the Company shall at that particular Point only be required to purchase and bare the Space lying between the said Railway and Back Cross Street, and when and so soon as the Land necessary for making such intended new Street in manner aforesaid shall have been provided and laid open by the said Company as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being acting under the Stalybridge Police and Market Act, 1828, and they are hereby empowered, to make, form, pave, and sewer the same new Street to such Level, with such Materials, and in such Manner and Form in all respects, as they shall think proper; and for effectuating all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, as well as for the Purposes of for ever thereafter keeping the same Street and all Sewers therein in good Repair and Condition, the said Commissioners are hereby fully authorized and empowered to pay and apply for all or any of such Purposes all or any Part of the Funds from Time to Time under their Control, and applicable, under the Provisions of the Stalybridge Police and Market Act, 1828, for the paving, sewering, and draining of public Streets and Highways within the said Town of Stalybridge.

8 E

[Locff/.]

602 12° & 13° VICTORIA,

Act not to

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, except as in this prejudice Act js eXpressly authorized, nothing in this Act contained shall Police Com- extend or be deemed or construed to extend to repeal, prejudice, ndssioners. diminish, alter, vary, or take away any of the Provisions of " The Stalybridge Police and Market Act, 1828," or any of the Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities vested in or enjoyed by the Commissioners for the Time being acting under and in execution of that Act.

Abandon-

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Company shall abandon and ment of Part relinquish the Formation of such Portion of the Extension Railway BranchEx authorized by " The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, No. 3., tension. * 184-7," of the Clifton Branch, as on the Plans and Sections, and in the Book of Reference relating thereto, is described and delineated as lying between the proposed Junction thereof with the said Clifion Branch Railway in the Township of Clifton in the Parish of Eccles and the said Vitriol Works in the Occupation of Harrison Blair Esquire, and that all the Powers and Provisions contained in the said Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, No. 3., 1847, which relate to the Purchase or taking of Lands for or to the Construction and Maintenance of the Portion of the said proposed Extension Railway hereby authorized to be abandoned shall from and immediately after the passing of this Act cease and determine.

Compensa-

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any Case tion to be where before the passing of this Act any Contract hath been entered ContactsTe ’nt0 or Notice given by the Company for purchasing any Lands have been which the Company were by " The Manchester and Leeds Railway entered into Act, No. 3., 1847," empowered to purchase for the Purpose of Conor Notices structing the Portion of the said Clifton Branch Railway so authorized to be abandoned as aforesaid, the Company shall make to the Owners or Occupiers of and other Parties interested in such Lands full Compensation for all Injury or Damage sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, and other Parties by reason of such Purchase not being completed pursuant to such Contract or Notice, and the Amount anil Application of such Compensation shall be determined in the Manner provided by "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," for determining the Amount and Application of the Compensation to be paid for Lands taken under the Provisions thereof; provided also, that the Authority hereby given for abandoning the Formation of the aforesaid Portion of the said Clifton Branch Railway shall not prejudice or affect the Right of the Owner or Occupier of any Lands which the Company were so empowered to purchase as aforesaid to receive from the Company Compensation for any Damage that may have been occasioned by the Entry of the Company upon such Lands for the Purpose of surveying and taking Levels, and of probing or boring to ascertain the Nature of the Soil, or of setting out the Line of the Railway, pursuant to the Provisions for that Purpose in the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act contained.

Period»gfor "b® R enacted, That the Period for purchasing and compulsory taking Lands for the Construction of the said Extension of the said Purchase of Clifton Branch Railway herein-before described shall be limited to

Two

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. 1.

Two ^ears, and the Company shall and they are hereby required to construct anil complete ready for Traffic in all respects the same Extension of the said Clifton Branch Railway, within the said Period of Two Years from the passing of this Act; and the Period for purchasing and taking Lands for the Construction of the said other Branch and Extension Railways hereby authorized shall be limited to Three Years, and for the Construction of the said other Railways, Works, and Alterations to Five Years.

XX. And whereas the Ashton Branch of the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway communicates with the Line of the Huddersfield and Manchester Railway at or near the Terminus thereof at Stalybridge, and for a considerable Distance runs parallel with and at a short Distance from the said Ashton and Stalybridge Branch of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, and a good and convenient Connexion or Communication could be effected between the said Ashton and Stalybridge Branch and the said Huddersfield and Manchester Railway if a Junction were formed between the said Ashton and Stalybridge Branch and the said Ashton Branch on Land belonging to the said Companies or One of them, and if such Junction Railway, and so much of the last-mentioned Branch as lies between the Point thereof at which such Junction would be effected and the said Huddersfield and Manchester Railway, were open to the Traffic of the said Companies, and all Companies and Persons claiming under or though them; and the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company are willing to effect such Connexion or Communication, if assisted by the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company: Be it therefore enacted, That if the said Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company shall, on or before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, on Lands belonging to them and to the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, or to one of them, and lying between their said respective Branches at or near the Westward End of their respective Stations at Stalybridge, lay down Rails and construct all necessary and proper Works so as to form a good Railway Junction by a double Line of Rails practicable for Engines and Carriages between the said Ashton and Stalybridge Branch and the said Ashton Branch, all the Powers by this Act'conferred upon the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company for making the said Extension of the said Ashton and Stalybridge Branch to the Huddersfield and Manchester Railway shall cease and determine; and, until Default shall have been made by the said Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company in making the said Junction according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, it shall not be lawful for the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to exercise any of the said Powers for making the said Extension, anything herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and from and after the Construction of the said Junction it shall be lawful for the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, and all other Companies and Persons claiming under or authorized by them, to use the said Junction, and so much of the said Ashton Branch as lies between the Point thereof at which such Junction shall be effected and the said Huddersfield and Manchester Railway and the Passenger Station, with

GG3

Lands and Construction of Works.

If the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company form a Junction between their .Ashton Branch and the Ashton and Staiy-bridge Branch, the Extension of the Ashton and Stalybridge Branch not to be made.

GG4

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. 1.

the Enlargement thereof agreed upon between the said Companies, and the Works and Conveniences connected with the said Lines and Station, subject to such Terms, Conditions, and Limitations as have been or shall from Time to Time be agreed upon between the said

Companies.

Manchester,

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lancn-Sheffield, shire nnd Yorkshire and Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Rail-and Lincoln- way Companies from Time to Time to make and enter into such Lancashire Agreement as they shall think proper with respect to the Construc-and York- tion, Enlargement, Alteration, Apportionment, Maintenance, Control, shire Hail- and Management of the said proposed Junction, and of the Part of

way Com- t|)c saj(] Ashton Branch lying between the Point thereof at which such

nfakeVgree- Junction shall be effected and the said Huddersfield and Manchester ments as to Railway, and of the Stations of the said Companies respectively at the Con- Stalybridge, and of all Works and Conveniences connected therewith, ~of ant* w‘t*1 respect to the Use and Enjoyment by the said Companies Part of^he respectively, and by all Companies and Persons claiming under or Ashton Line, authorized by them respectively, of the said Junction, and of the &c- Part aforesaid of the said Ashton Branch, and of the Stations, Works,

and Conveniences connected therewith, and with respect to the Receipt and Apportionment by and between the said Companies of the Tolls and Charges arising therefrom, and generally with respect to the Conveyance and Interchange of Traffic passing or to pass on or over the same) or any Part thereof, and with respect to the Compensation or Consideration and Amount of Contribution to be paid or contributed by the one Company to the other Company for the Construction, Enlargement, Alteration, Apportionment, Maintenance, Control, and Management, Use, and Enjoyment of the said Junction, and of the Part aforesaid of the said Ashton Branch, and of the said Stations, Works, and Conveniences connected therewith; and any7 such Agreement which shall have been entered into between the said Companies, and sealed with their respective Common Seals, before the passing of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual, and shall bind the said Companies, their Successors and Assigns.

Company

XXII. And be it enacted, That in case the intended Connexion may apply or Communication between the said Ashton and Stalybridge Branch thorizeifto alH' the said Huddersfield and Manchester Railway shall be effected be raised by in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Lancashire and the Act in Yorkshire Railway Company to raise and apply any Monies which effecting they are |jy this Act authorized to raise tor the Purposes of the cation by" sa't* Extension of the said Ashton and Stalybridge Branch, in carrying means of the Arrangements between them and the said Manchester, Sheffield, .Junction, in- and Lincolnshire Railway Company for effecting such Communication, stead of the arRj otherwise, into full and complete Effect, anything in this Act -x msion. C011tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Power to Company to raise additional Money for the Purposes of the Undertaking.

XXIII. And whereas underaml by virtue of "The Huddersfield and Sheffield Junction Railway Act, 1845," and "The Huddersfield and Manchester Railway and Canal (Huddersfield Diversion and Cooper Bridge) Branch Act, 184G," anti an Agreement, recited and confirmed by the said last-mentioned Act, entered into between the

Huddersfield

665

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CapA.

Huddersfield, and Sheffield Junction Railway Company and the Huddersfield and Manchester Railway and Canal Company, Provision was made for the Use of a Portion of the Line of Railway of the said last-mentioned Company lying between the Point of Junction at Paddock and the Station at Huddersfield, including the Huddersfield Tunnel, and also of the Station of the said last-mentioned Company at Huddersfield, in common by the said Two Companies, on certain Terms, to be settled by Arbitration in the Manner prescribed by the said last-mentioned Act: And whereas no Award has been made in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Acts and of the said Agreement in that Behalf, but the Terms of such common Use of the said Portion of the said Line and of the said Station by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company (with which the said Huddersfield and Sheffield Junction Railway Company is now incorporated) and the London and North-western Railway' Company (with which the said Huddersfield and Manchester Railway and Canal Company is now incorporated), and the Proportion of the Costs of Construction of the said Portion of the said Line and of the said Station to be paid by the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to the said London and North-western Railway Company, have been settled and mutually agreed upon by the said last-mentioned Companies: And whereas the estimated Expense of making the said Branch and Extension Railways and Alteration of Levels hereby authorized is Fifty thousand Pounds, and there will be required for the Purpose of paying such Proportion as aforesaid of the Costs of Construction and otherwise relating to the said Line and Station at Huddersfield a further Capital not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds: And whereas it is expedient that the Company should be enabled to raise for the Purposes authorized by the several Acts relating to their Undertakings, or some of them, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Four hundred and fifty thousand Pounds : And whereas the aggregate Amount of the said several Sums is Five hundred and sixty thousand Pounds: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, at any Time or from Time to Time, by an Order of any General or Special General Meeting of the Company, to raise such Sums of Moneyas they shall from Time to Time deem expedient, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, in addition to the Monies authorized to be raised by the several Acts relating to their Undertakings, or any of them, or by virtue of any other Act or Acts of Parliament; and all and every Part of such Sum of Money so to be raised shall be applied to the Purposes for which the same is herein-before authorized to be raised, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of raising such Sums of Money the Company may issue such and so many distinct Shares, of such Amount, and to be appropriated and disposed of in such Manner, and to such Person or Persons, and on such Conditions, and with such Preference or Priority of Dividend, not exceeding after tile Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, and generally on such Terms as by the Order of any such Meeting of the Company shall be determined; or it shall be lawful for the Company, if they think fit, to raise such Sums of Money or any Part thereof by Mortgage of [Local.] 8 F their

Additional Money may be raised by Issue of Shares or by Mortgage.

606

Certificate of Justice to be Evidence that the whole Capital has been subscribed for, and One Half paid up.

Existing Mortgages to have Priority.

Certain Powers of existing Acts extended to this Act.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. 1.

their several Undertakings; and all the Provisions contained in or referred to by the Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 1841, with regard to the Capital and Monies thereby authorized to be raised by Shares or Mortgage, and to the Proprietors thereof, shall in all respects (subject to the Provisions herein contained, and to the Order of any General or Special General Meeting of the Company) be applicable to the Capital and Monies hereby authorized to be raised by Shares or Mortgage, and to the Proprietors thereof; and all the Provisions contained in the Manchester and Leeds Railway Act,

1844, authorizing the Company to consolidate their existing Shares into a General Capital Stock, shall, subject to the Provisions herein contained, be applicable to the Shares hereby authorized to be created by the Company; provided that until the whole of the Capital for the Time being of the Company shall have been subscribed, and One Half thereof paid up, it shall not be lawful for the Company to raise such Sums or any Portion thereof by Mortgage; and provided also, that the Company shall not by any such Means increase the Amount which may be owing at any One Time on Mortgage of their Undertakings beyond the Proportion of One Third of their then existing Capital in Shares and Stock.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Certificate of a Justice that the whole of the Capital for the Time being of the Company has been subscribed, and One Half thereof paid up (which Certificate such Justice is legally authorized and required to grant, on Application made to him by the Company, and on such Proof of the Facts as he may require), and a Copy of the Order of any General or Special General Meeting of the Company authorizing the borrowing of any Money, certified by One of the Directors or by the Secretary of the Company, shall respectively and for all Purposes whatsoever be conclusive Evidence of the Fact of the Capital required to be subscribed and paid up as aforesaid having been so subscribed and paid up, and of the Fact of the Order for borrowing the Money having been made.

XXVI. Provided further, and be it enacted, That all Mortgages already granted under the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Undertakings of the Company, or any of them, shall, during the Continuance thereof, have Priority over the Mortgages granted under this Act.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the several Acts relating to the Undertakings of the Company, or any of them, with regard to the Use of the Railways by the said Acts authorized to be made, and to the demanding, levying, and recovering of Tolls in respect thereof (except such of them as by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act,

1845, or the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, or by this Act, or any other Act, are repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for, or as have expired by Effluxion of Time,) shall extend to this Act, and to the Use and Protection of the Railways and Works hereby authorized to be made, and the demanding, levying, and recovering of Tolls in respect thereof, and generally shall operate and be in force

* in

667

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. I.

in reference thereto as fully and effectually as if the same Provisions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and had specific Reference thereto, and to the Railways and Works hereby authorized.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Tolls to be taken by the Company for and in respect of the Branch or Extension Railways by this Act authorized shall not exceed the Tolls authorized to be taken by " The West Riding Union Railways Act, 1840."

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1S15, save as to such Parts thereof as may be modified by or be inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, shall be incorporated with this Act.

XXX. And whereas by the Liverpool and Bury Railway Act, 1846, the Company were authorized to make (among other Works) a Branch or Extension Railway, being the Branch or Extension Railway herein-before mentioned, commencing at or near the intended Terminus of the Liverpool and Bury Railway at or near Love Lane in the Township and Parish of Liverpool, and terminating at or near the Junction of Tythe Barn Street and Key Street in the same Parish and Township, and by the same Act it was provided that the Powers of the Company for the compulsory Purchase or taking of Lands for the Purposes of that Act should not be exercised after the Expiration of Three Years from the passing thereof, and it is expedient that the Time so limited, so far as regards the said last-mentioned Branch or Extension Railway, should be extended : Be it enacted, That all the Powers by the said Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, granted for the compulsory Purchase or taking of Lands for the Purposes of the said last-mentioned Branch or extended Railway, shall and may be exercised by the Company at any Time within Two Years from the passing of this Act; provided that such Extension of Time shall not alter or affect the Rights, Powers, Provisions, and Directions contained in the " Liverpool, Ormskirk, and Preston Railway Act, 1846," in relation to the common Ownership of the said last-mentioned Branch and Extension Railway by the Company and the East Lancashire Railway Company (wherewith the Liverpool, Ormskirk, and Preston Railway Company is now incorporated), or as to the Cost of Construction, Management, Maintenance, Repairs, and Conduct thereof by the said Two Companies, but such Powers, Provisions, and Directions shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, anything herein contained notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Extension hereby authorized of the Period for the compulsory Purchase or taking of Lands for the Purposes of the said last-mentioned Branch or Extension Railway shall not in anywise prejudice or affect any Contract entered into or Notice given by the said Company before the passing of this Act for purchasing, taking, or using any Lands which, under the said Liverpool and Bury Railway Act, 1846, such Company is

entitled

Limiting Tolls to be taken on new Branches, &c.

Provisions of 8 & 9 Vict, ce. 18. and 20. extended to this Act.

Time for compulsory Purchase of Lands extended.

Existing Contracts and Notices to take Lands not to he affected.

m

l’arties aggrieved by Extension of Time being granted may have Compensation for additional Damage.

Powers of borrowing granted to Wakefield, Pontefract, and Goole Railway Company may be exercised by Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company.

Power to reborrow any Money which may be paid off.

12" & 13" VICTORIA, Cap. 1.

entitled to purchase, take, or use for such Purchase, but every such Contract and Notice respectively shall be construed and shall take effect, and the same Proceedings shall be had thereunder, and all Parties thereto shall be entitled to the same Rights and Remedies in respect thereof, both at Law and in Equity, as if such Extension of the said Period had not been authorized as aforesaid.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Justices, Arbitrators, Umpires, or Juries respectively, as the Case may be, who, under the Provisions of the said Liverpool and Bury Railway Act, 1846, shall award or assess the Compensation to be made by the Company to the Owners or Occupiers of or other Persons interested in any of the Lands which shall be taken or used for the Purposes of the said Branch or Extension Railway or Works by the said last-mentioned Acts authorized, or which may be injuriously affected by the Construction thereof, shall, in estimating the Amount of such Compensation, have regard to and make Compensation for the additional Damage (if any) sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, or other Persons by reason of the Extension hereby authorized of the Period aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, at any Time, and from Time to Time after the passing of this Act, to exercise all Powers with reference to the raising of Money by Mortgage which may have been granted to the Wakefield, Pontefract, and Goole Railway Company (now amalgamated with the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company) by the Acts relating to such Company, or any of them, and which may be then in force, and for such Purpose to mortgage or assign all the Undertakings, and the Rates, Tolls, or other Property of the Company, including the Railways and Undertakings authorized by the said Acts relating to the Wakefield, Pontefract, and Goole Railway Company; provided that no Mortgage already granted by the Company shall be prejudiced or affected by this Provision, or by any Mortgage thereunder or by virtue thereof.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if the Company shall pay off all or any Part of any Money which has been or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be borrowed under the Authority of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the said Wakefield, Pontefract, and Goole Railway Company, or any of such Acts, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, immediately, or at any Time or Times, and from Time to Time thereafter, again to raise or borrow the whole or any Part of the Amount so paid off on the Credit of the several Undertakings vested in them, and for that Purpose to mortgage and assign the Undertakings, and the Rates, Tolls, or other Property of the Company, or any Part thereof respectively, as a Security for any Sum of Money which shall be so again raised or borrowed, with Interest, to such Person as shall advance the same, and so from Time to Time as often as the same shall happen; provided that no Mortgage already granted by the Company shall be prejudiced or affected by this Provision, or by any Mortgage thereunder or by virtue thereof.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. 1. 669

XXXV. And whereas by the herein-before recited "Lancashire Power and Yorkshire Railway Act, 1848," it was enacted, that, with the Con- Lancashire sent and subject to the Restrictions therein mentioned, it should be aiM| York-lawful for the Company at any Time, and from Time to Time, to shire Kail-convert, divide, and distribute the whole, or any such Part as should way Act, be deemed expedient, of the Share Capital of the Company into such Number of new Shares (either wholly paid up or partly paid up) of pjta| to ex-such nominal Amount as should be deemed expedient; and it is tend to fu-expedient that the Power thereby granted as to the then existing ,ure Capital. Share Capital of the Company should be extended to any future or additional Share Capital which may become Part of the Capital of the Company by reason of the Purchase of or Amalgamation with any Undertaking or Undertakings which the Company is now empowered to purchase or amalgamate with, by virtue or under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament already passed in that Behalf, and also to the Capital by this Act authorized to be raised : Be it therefore enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions granted by and contained in the said " Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Act, 1848," relating to the Conversion, Division, and Distribution of the Share Capital of the Company into new Shares, shall be deemed to apply to such future or additional Capital as aforesaid, and the Company shall have Power, with such Consent, and subject to such Restrictions as in the said last-recited Act are mentioned, to convert, divide, and distribute such future or additional Share Capital in like Manner as by that Act is provided with respect to the then existing Share Capital of the Company.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Com- Power to pany, at any Time, and from Time to Time, with the Consent of n!akt‘ Ar~ Three Fifths of the Votes of the Shareholders present in Person or ™§a"ffen_tS by Proxy at any General Meeting of the Company specially convened rent Classei for the Purpose, to make with the Holders of any Class or Classes of of Share-Shares (not being Shares entitled to any perpetual, guaranteed, or l,olllt'rs-preferential Dividends, and to which it is hereby declared that the Provisions in this Behalf of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway

Act, 1848, do not apply), either in the existing Share Capital of the Company, or in any Share Capital which, under the Authority of any Act or Acts now in force, or of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts to be passed in this Session, shall be or become Part of the Capital of the Company, any Arrangements, or any Alterations in or Variations of existing Arrangements, as to such Shares and the Rights attaching thereto respectively, (whether as to Interest, Dividends, or otherwise,) or for the Assimilation thereof to other Shares of the Company; provided that the nominal Amount of the whole Capital of the Company as then constituted shall not be altered by any such Arrangements as aforesaid, and that no Class of Shareholders shall be affected thereby unless and until a Majority of Four Fifths of the Votes of the Shareholders present in Person or by Proxy at a Meeting of the particular Class of Shareholders liable to be so affected shall have consented to the Arrangements proposed by the Company in respect to such Class of Shareholders; provided also, that this Enactment shall apply to the Shareholders of any Company or Companies which, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts now in force,

[Loca/.] 8 G shall

670

For calling Special Meetings of particular Classes of Shareholders.

Privileges attached to original Shares to belong to new or divided Shares.

Power to receive Double Toll on Branch in Manchester under Manchester and Leeds Ilad-way Act, 1839, confirmed by this Act.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. 1.

shall hereafter be incorporated with and become Part of the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, and who after such Incorporation will become and be Shareholders of the said Company.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Company may cause Meetings of the respective Classes of Shareholders liable to be affected by any such Arrangements to be specially convened for the Purpose of considering and assenting to such Arrangements; and that the Provisions for calling and regulating Special General Meetings of the Company, and foi- voting at General Meetings of the Company, shall, so far as applicable, be deemed to apply to such Meetings as aforesaid of particular Classes of Shareholders; and that a circular Notice of any such intended Meeting, stating the Object of such Meeting, signed by the Secretary, shall be sent by Post to each registered Shareholder of the Class to be affected, according to the Address in the Register of Shareholders; and that the Decision of Four Fifths of the Votes of the Shareholders of the particular Class present in person or by Proxy at any such Meeting shall be binding on all the Shareholders of that Class, and the Arrangements so made and confirmed shall be valid and binding on all the Shareholders of the Company.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That all Rights and Privileges which by virtue of any such Arrangement as aforesaid, or of any Arrangement made under the Authority of " The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Act, 1848," may be applied or attached to any Class of Shares, may be declared to attach and shall accordingly apply or attach also to any new Shares to be created by the Division of any existing Shares, in like Manner as they might have been applied or attached to such new Shares if such Division as aforesaid had been made previously to the passing of the said " Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Act, 1848."

XXXIX. And whereas by " The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 1839," it was (among other things) enacted, that it should he lawful for the said Manchester and Leeds Railway Company, in lieu of the Rates or Tolls authorized to be received by them by the therein first-recited Act, to demand, receive, and recover, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, for the Tonnage and Tollage of all Passengers, Beasts, Cattle, Animals, Carriages, Materials, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and all other Articles, Matters, and Things which should be conveyed upon or along the therein-mentioned extended Line of Railway, and the Line of Railway connecting the same with the Main Line of Railway, or any Part thereof, (being One Mile and a Quarter from the Victoria Station at Manchester,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in each Case Double the Amount which by the said therein first-recited Act the said Company were authorized to receive in respect of' such Tonnage or Tollage: And whereas the Right to demand and take such Double Tolls was granted to the said Company in consideration of the great Expense of making, maintaining, and working the Extension Railway thereby authorized, but Doubts have arisen whether the Right to take such Double Tolls now exists, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed:

o Be

12° & 13° VI CTO RLE, Cap. 1. <>71

Be It therefore enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the Company to demand, receive, and take, in respect of the said extended Line of Railway by the said recited Act authorized, and the Line of Railway before mentioned connecting the same with the Main Line of Railway, or any Part thereof, a Rate of Tollage or Tonnage not exceeding Double the Amount of the maximum Rate of Tonnage or Tollage which the said Company now are or at any Time hereafter may be authorized to take and receive in respect of the Main Line of Railway of which it is such Extension as aforesaid, and that the Right of the Company to demand and take such Double Rate in respect of the said Extension shall not be deemed to have been altered or affected by any Act passed since the passing of the said Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 183Q.

XL. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Company Act it shall be lawful for the Company, subject to the Provisions and mil3' ,r

Limitations contained in " The West Riding Union Railways Act, vary 01 s' 1846," and this Act, from Time to Time to alter or vary the Tolls by the said recited Acts and this Act authorized to be taken, either upon the whole or upon any particular Portions of their Railways, as they shall think fit; provided that all such Tolls be at all Times charged equally to all Persons, and after the same Rate, whether per Ton per Mile or otherwise, in respect of all Passengers, and of all Goods or Carriages of the same Description, and conveyed or propelled by a like Carriage or Engine, passing only over the same Portion of the Line of Railway under the same Circumstances; and no Reduction or Advance in any such Tolls shall be made, either directly or indirectly, in favour of or against any particular Company or Person travelling upon or using the Railway.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Saving Act contained shall prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of of the Rights, Privileges, Exemptions, Powers, or Authorities vested in caa^irt,u"' the East Lancashire Railway Company by any existing Act of Railway Parliament, or under any Contract or Agreement now subsisting Company, between the last-named Company and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, touching the Portion of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway between the Junction therewith of the East Lancashire Railway at Clifton and Salford and the Portion of the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway between the Junction therewith of the East Lancashire Railway at or near Wallon-on-the-Hill and Liverpool, and the Stations, Warehouses, Buildings, and Conveniences connected therewith respectively, hut the same shall remain and be as good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if this Act had not been passed.

XLII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act For l'rotcc-contained shall or shall be held to repeal, modify, or alter the t

Eighteenth Section of an Act of Parliament passed in the Ninth and " e° Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act water’s Trus-to incorporate the Liverpool and Bury Railway Company with the tees, the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company, as printed by Her Majesty's Printer, so far as the same was not repealed by " The Man- ,ation

Chester

672

party, and of rite Aire and Calder Navigation Company.^

Provisions of 8 & 9Vict. c. 16. with respect to Payment of Calls, &-c. extended to this Act.

Shareholders in arrear may assign their Shares instead of forfeiting the same.

Power to merge forfeited Shares in Capital of the Company.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. l

cliester and Leeds Railway Act, No. 3., 1847," and is not altered or modified by the Provision herein-before contained authorizing the Company to take Double Tolls in respect of the Extension Line into Manchester herein-before referred to; and further, that nothing in this Act contained shall or shall be held to repeal, modify, or alter the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Sections respectively of " The Manchester a?id Leeds Railway Act, No. 3., 1847," the Sixty-seventh Section of " The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 1846," and the Fifty-ninth Section of " The Sheffield, Rotherham, Barnsley, Wakefield, Huddersfield, and Goole Railway Act, 1846," respectively, as printed by Her Majesty's Printer, or any or either of them.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions of the "Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," with respect to the Payment of Subscriptions, and the Means of enforcing the Payment of Calls, and the Forfeiture of Shares for the Nonpayment thereof, shall be applied to all Shares in the existing or future Capital of the Company, and shall be substituted tor any Provisions for the like Purposes or in the like Behalf contained in the several existing Acts relating to the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway or any Part thereof; provided that nothing herein contained shall affect any Proceeding which may have been commenced under the Provisions of such existing Acts prior to the passing of this Act.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That instead of proceeding to forfeit any Shares it shall be lawful for the Directors, in any Case where in their Opinion any Shares if sold would not produce a sufficient Sum to discharge the Arrears of Calls thereon, to agree with the Proprietor thereof for the Surrender of the same to the Company on such Terms as the Directors shall think fit; and after such Surrender, which may be made by Deed Poll under the Hand and Seal of the Proprietor, the Shares so surrendered shall merge in and form Part of the Capital of the Undertaking.

XLV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Share shall be declared forfeited, and such Declaration of Forfeiture shall be confirmed at a General Meeting of the Company in the Manner prescribed by the " Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and Notice shall be given by the Company in the London Gazette and in Two Newspapers circulating respectively in the Counties of Lancaster and York of such Forfeiture, that in case the Arrears of Calls and Interest due thereon shall not be paid within the Space of One Calendar Month from the Publication of such Notice such Share will become merged in the Capital of the Company, then, in case such Arrears and Interest shall not be paid within such last-mentioned Period, and the Market Price of Shares of the same Class in the Company in the City of London upon which the same Amount shall have been paid shall then, or at any Time during the said Period of One Calendar Month, be less than the Arrears of Calls and Interest due in respect of such Shares, the same Share shall absolutely merge in the Capital of the Company; and a Declaration in Writing, made by some credible Person not interested, before any Justice of the Peace, or before any Master or Master Extraordinary in the High

Court

673

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CapA.

Court of Chancery, stating that a Sum of Money sufficient to pay the Arrears of Calls and the Interest due in respect of such Share could not be obtained for the same according to the Market Price of Shares in the City of London, shall be sufficient Evidence of the Facts therein stated; and the Proprietor of such Share shall from and after the making of such Declaration be precluded from all Right, Title, or Interest therein; but nevertheless such Forfeiture and Merger shall not affect or alter the^ Liability of the last Proprietor of any such Share to pay to the said Company the Arrears of Calls and Interest due in respect of such Share, after deducting therefrom the Market Value of such Share according to the Market Price of Shares in the City of London at the Time of such Merger as aforesaid, or the Powers of the Company to enforce Payment thereof by Action.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That in lieu and instead of any Shares Company which shall be so surrendered or forfeited and merged as aforesaid may issue it shall be lawful for the Company from Time to Time, with the fne^e^h®[.es Approbation of Three Fifths at least of the Votes of the Proprietors shares present in Person or by Proxy at any General Meeting of the Com- merged in pany specially convened for that Purpose, to create and issue such Company, new Shares, of such Amount, and with such Preference or Priority of Dividend, not exceeding after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, and generally on such Terms as by the Order of any such Meeting shall be determined; provided that the aggregate Amount to be raised by the Issue of any such new Shares shall not exceed the aggregate Amount left unpaid on the old Shares in lieu of which such new Shares shall be issued at the Time of the Surrender, Forfeiture, or Merger as aforesaid of such old Shares.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Share- Shareholders holder, with the Consent of and subject to any Conditions or Lirnita- Pa3'ins Calls tion prescribed by a General Meeting of the Company, to pay up any be entitled Share (of any Class) in full, by anticipation or in advance, and such to parti-Share so paid up shall be convertible into Stock, and the Holder cipate in thereof shall be entitled to receive Dividends thereon as on a Share Dividends, paid up in full, and as if the Amount thereof had been paid up on Calls duly made.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Priority in Saving the Payment of Dividends which may be assigned to any Shares to be created by virtue of this Act shall not prejudice or affect any Priority existing Prein the Payment of Dividends which may have been assigned to any ference other Shares in the Company created prior to the passing of this Act, Shares, but the Holders of such last-mentioned Shares shall be entitled to receive Dividends upon or in respect of such Shares to the Extent to which the same may have been guaranteed, in preference to the Holders of any other Shares in the said Company.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Five Pounds per Calls.

Share shall be the greatest Amount of any One Call which the Company may make on the Shareholders in respect of the Money by this Act authorized to be raised, and Three Months at the least shall be the Interval between successive Calls.

674

Voting.

Power to enter into Agreements with the London and Northwestern Railway Company.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CapX

L. And whereas different Scales of voting are prescribed by the several Acts originally incorporating the several Companies now forming the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, and it is expedient that One uniform Scale of voting should be prescribed : Be it therefore enacted, That at all General Meetings of the Company, and at all Meetings of any particular Class of Shareholders in the Company, every Shareholder shall have One Vote for each and every entire One hundred Pounds of the aggregate nominal Amount of all Stock and Shares (of any and whatever Class or Classes, or of the particular Class, as the Case may be,) held by him; and in case the whole aggregate nominal Amount of all the Stock and Shares held by any Shareholder shall not be equal to One hundred Pounds of nominal Amount, but shall be equal to Fifty Pounds, then he shall have One Vote in respect of all his Stock and Shares; and in all other respects all and singular the Provisions of the " Companies Clauses Consolidation i\ct, 1845," in relation to voting, shall be applicable and shall apply to all the Shareholders of the Company.

LI. And whereas, not only at Huddersfield aforesaid, but in other Places, the Railways and Works of the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company are connected with those of the said London and North-western Railway Company, and it would be for the Convenience of the Public and of the said Companies if the said Companies were authorized to enter into Agreements from Time to Time with respect to the Construction, Enlargement, Alteration, Maintenance, Use, Apportionment, and Management as well of the said Portion of Line and Station at Huddersfield as of other Portions of their respective Lines and Works so connected as aforesaid, and as to the Receipt and Apportionment of the Tolls and Charges arising therefrom, and generally as to the Conveyance and Interchange of Traffic upon their respective Undertakings : Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the said London and North-western Railway Company from Time to Time to make and enter into such Agreements as they shall deem advisable concerning the Construction, Alteration, Enlargement, Apportionment, Maintenance, Use, Enjoyment, Control, and Management, not only of the said Portion of Railway and Station at Huddersfield aforesaid, but also of any other Portions of their respective Undertakings which for the Time being communicate or are connected with each other, and as to the Receipt and Apportionment of the Tolls and Charges arising or derived therefrom, and generally as to the Conveyance and Interchange of Traffic upon their respective Railways or any Part thereof: Provided always, that no such Agreement shall in any Manner alter, affect, increase, or diminish any of the Tolls which the said respective Companies shall for the Time being be respectively authorized and entitled to demand or receive from any Person or any other Company, but that all other Persons and Companies shall, notwithstanding any such Agreements, be entitled to the Use and Benefit of such respective Railways or Portions of Railways, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and on Payment of the same Tolls, as they would have been in case no such Agreement had been entered into.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap A.

LII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company, out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the said Company authorized to be raised by Calls in respect of Shares, or by the Exercise of any Power of borrowing, to pay Interest or Dividend to any Shareholder on the Amount of the Calls made in respect of the Shares held by him in the Capital by this Act authorized to be raised : Provided always, that nothing hereiii-before contained shall be deemed to prevent the said Company from paying to any Shareholder such Interest on Money advanced by him beyond the Amount of the Calls actually made as shall be in conformity with the Provisions in "The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," in that Behalf contained.

LIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company, out of any Money by this Act or an}' other Act relating to the said Company authorized to be raised for the Purposes of such Act or Acts, to pay or deposit any Sum of Money which by any Standing Order of either Plouse of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be in force may be required to be deposited in respect of any Application to Parliament for the Purpose of obtaining an Act authorizing the said Company to construct any other Railway or execute any other Work or Undertaking.

LIV. And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by Railways; and another Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating Railways; and another Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance of Troops; and another Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament,' and far other Purposes in relation to Railways; and another Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her said present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways; and another Act was passed in the same Session, intituled An Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways : Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be held to exempt the said Railway or the said Company from the Provisions of the said several Acts respectively, but that such Provisions shall be in force in respect of the said Railway and Company so far as the same are applicable.

LV. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Railways by this or the said recited Acts authorized to be made or the Company from the Provisions of any general Act relating to such Acts, or of any general Act relating to Railways, or to the better and more impartial Audit of the Accounts of Railway Companies, now in force or which may hereafter pass during this or any future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament,

675

Interest not to be paid on Calls.

Deposits for future Bills not to be paid out of the Company’s Capital.

Railway Company to be subject to the Provisions of 1 & 2 Vict, c. 98

3 & 4 Vict, c. 97.,

5 & 6 Vict, c. 55.,

7 «r 8 Vict, c. 85., and 9 & 10 Vict. cc. 57. Sr 105.

Railways to be subject to general Acts.

G76

Expenses of Act.

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. 1.

ment, of the maximum Rates of Fares and Charges authorized by the said recited Acts or this Act.

LVI. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expetises of and attending the passing of this Act or incidental thereto shall be paid by the said Company pari passu with the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of any other Act of Parliament passed in the present Session of Parliament to which they may be liable, out of the first Monies that shall come to their Hands, and in preference to any other Payments whatsoever.

LVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849-

o

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGIME.

Cap. li.

An Act for improving the Approaches to the Charing Cross Bridge on the Surrey Side thereof, and for amending the Acts relating thereto; for authorizing the raising of a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

[13th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for building a Foot Bridge over the River Thames from Hungerford Market in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the County of Middlesex to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Lambeth in the County of Surrey, and for making suitable Approaches thereto; and by the said Act certain Persons were incorporated by the Name of " The Hungerford and Lambeth Suspension Foot Bridge Company," for carrying into execution the saiil Undertaking: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act relating to the building of the Hungerford and Lambeth Suspension Foot Bridge, and for granting further Powers to " The Hungerford and Lambeth Suspension Foot Bridge Company [Loca/.] 8 K And

6 & 7 W. i. c. 133.

6 &- 7 Vict, c. 19.

682

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. li.

And whereas the said Bridge was, under the Powers of the said recited Acts, completed and opened for public Use : And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eighth 8 & 9 Vict, and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An c-62- Act to amend the Acts relating to the Hungerford and Lambeth Suspension Foot Bridge Company, hereafter to be called " The Charing Cross Bridge Company," by which Act the Hungerford and Lambeth Suspension Foot Bridge Company, incorporated by the said first-recited Act, were directed and required to take and use the Name and Style of " The Charing Cross Bridge Company," and to alter their Common Seal, and do all other Acts consequent upon such Change of Name : And whereas by the said last-recited Act the said Company were authorized to make new Approaches to the said Bridge on the Surrey Side thereof from the Belvidere Road in the Parish of Lambeth otherwise Saint Mary Lambeth into Sutton Street in the said Parish, and from the Belvidere Road into Vine Street and the York Road in the same Parish, and to raise by the Creation of Shares and by Mortgage further Monies for the Formation thereof: And whereas it would improve the Approaches to the said Bridge and facilitate the Access thereto from the Waterloo Station of the London and South-western Railway if the Line of the Approaches authorized by the said Third-recited Act were altered, and a more direct Approach made from the present Approach to the said Bridge in the Belvidere Road into the York Road, between Sutton Street and Vine Street in the said Parish of Lambeth, and the said Company are willing and desirous to make such improved Approach : And whereas it is expedient that the Company should be authorized to raise a further Sum of Money for the Formation of the said proposed Approach, and also for the general Purposes of the Company, and that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts should be altered, amended, and enlarged, and that further Powers should be granted to the Company : And whereas the several beneficial Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Provisions of assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions recited Acts contained in the said recited Acts or either of them, or in the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, incorporated therewith, (so far as tended *o the same are now unrepealed, and except such of them as are by

this Act. this Act repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for, or as are incon-

sistent with the Provisions of this Act) shall extend to this Act and to the several Purposes thereof, and to the several Matters and Things hereby authorized to be done, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Provisions were re-enacted in this Act with reference to such Purposes, Matters, and Things; and the said recited Act, and the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, incorporated therewith, and this Act, shall, as to all Matters and Things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be read and construed together as One Act.

[Short Title.]

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in any Act of Parliament, in legal Instruments or Proceedings, or in Notices,

Adver-

683

12" & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. li.

Advertisements, or other like Documents, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Charing Cross Bridge Approaches Act, 1849."

III. And whereas under the said first-recited Act the said Company were authorized to raise the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds by the Creation of Shares, the whole of which said Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds has been paid up, and to borrow on Mortgage of the Undertaking the Sum of Twenty-six thousand Pounds, of which the Sum of Twenty-one thousand Pounds only is now owing on the Credit thereof: And whereas by the said secondly-recited Act the said Company were authorized to raise a further Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds by the Creation of new Shares, no Portion of which has been raised : And whereas by the said thirdly-recited Act the said Company were authorized to raise the further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds by the Creation of new Shares, the whole of which have been subscribed for, and in respect of which the Sum of Three thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds has been paid up, and by the same Act the said Company were authorized to raise by Mortgage the further Sum of Three thousand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds, no Portion of which has yet been raised : And whereas the whole of the Sums so raised under the said first-recited Act, and the Sum of Nine hundred and ninety-two Pounds, Part of the said Sum of Three thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds raised under the said thirdly-recited Act, have been applied for the Purposes of the said Acts : And whereas it is expedient that the said Company should be authorized to raise a further Sum of Thirty-one thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Bridge being completed, and the Works authorized by this Act being of great public Benefit, and the said Company being possessed of a large surplus Revenue, which is likely to increase, and which is at present more than sufficient to secure the whole of the said Sum of Thirty-one thousand Pounds, it is expedient that the said Company should be authorized to raise the same by Mortgage or Bond on the Credit of their said Undertaking: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to borrow on Mortgage or Bond, for the Purposes of this Act, and for the general Purposes of the Company, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be authorized to be borrowed by Order of a General Meeting of the Company, not exceeding (in addition to the Sums which under or by virtue of the said first and third recited Acts the Company have borrowed, and are authorized to borrow or reborrow, and the Powers to borrow or reborrow, which it is hereby declared shall not be prejudiced.) the Sum of Thirty-one thousand Pounds, and to secure the Repayment of the Money so borrowed, with Interest, by Mortgage of their Undertaking, and of the Rates, Tolls, Duties, and Revenue arising therefrom, or by Bond in the Manner directed or authorized by the Provisions of " The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," incorporated herewith : Provided always, that the whole and every Part of such Sum when so borrowed shall be applied only to the Purposes and for the Objects of the said recited Acts and this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be held to affect the Validity of any Mortgages on the said

Power to borrow Money on Mortgage.

Prior Mortgages not to be aft'ected.

684

Provisions of 8 & 9 Vict, c. 16. as to borrowing Money to apply to this Act.

Power to sue for Arrears of Interest on Mortgages, or to apply for a Receiver.

Power to sue for Principal Monies secured by Mortgages, or to apply for a Receiver.

Power to

Company to employ existing Funds for the Purposes of this Act.

Power to make Approaches according to deposited Dans.

12° Sc 13° VICTORIA, CapAl

said Undertaking which may be subsisting at the Time of the passing of this Act, but all such Mortgages shall during the Continuance thereof have Priority over the Mortgages or any of them which may be created under the Powers of this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions of " The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," with respect to the borrowing of Money by the Company on Mortgage or Bond, and with respect to the Conversion of the Money borrowed into Capital, shall be incorporated with this Act, and shall be applicable to the borrowing by the Company of the Monies by this Act authorized to be borrowed by them, and to the Conversion thereof into Capital.

VI. And in order to provide for the Recovery of the Arrears of Interest owing on any Mortgage or Bond to be made or entered into by the Company, be it enacted, That if such Interest or any Part thereof shall for Thirty Days after the same shall have become due, and Demand thereof shall have been made in Writing, remain unpaid, the Mortgagee or Bond Creditor may either sue for the Interest so in arrear by Action of Debt in any of the superior Courts or in any inferior Court of competent Jurisdiction, or he may enforce the Payment thereof by the Appointment of a Receiver in the Manner authorized by the Provisions of the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, incorporated herewith.

VII. And in order to provide for the Recovery of the Principal Money secured by and owing on any Mortgage or Bond to be made or entered into by the Company, be it enacted, That if the Principal Monies owing upon any such Mortgage or Bond be not paid within Six Months after the same has become payable, and after Demand thereof in Writing, the Mortgagee or Bond Creditor may sue for the same, together with all Arrears of Interest, in any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity; or if his Debt for Principal Money amount to the Sum of Two thousand Pounds he may alone, or if his Debt for Principal Money do not amount to the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, he may, in conjunction with other Mortgagees or Bond Creditors whose Debts for Principal Monies, being so in arrear, after Demand as aforesaid, shall together with his amount to the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, enforce the Payment of such Principal Monies, and of all Arrears of Interest, by the Appointment of a Receiver, in the Manner authorized by the Provisions of the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act incorporated herewith.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to apply for or towards the Purposes of this Act any Sum of Money which they may have raised or may raise under the Powers and which shall not have been applied for the Purposes of their said recited Acts or any of them.

IX. And whereas Plans showing the Line of the said improved Approach, and the Lands and Houses in or through which the same is intended to be made, and also other Lands and Houses required to be purchased by the Company, and also a Section of the said proposed Approach, showing the Levels thereof, and also a Book of

7 Reference

685

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. li.

Reference to the said Plans containing the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners, Lessees or reputed Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands and Houses through which the said Approach is intended to be made, and of the Lands and Houses so required to be purchased, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey: Be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions of this Act and of the said recited Acts, and of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," incorporated therewith, which have been extended to and made applicable to the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Company to vary or alter the Approaches to the said Bridge on the Surrey Side thereof by the said third-recited Act authorized to be made, and in lieu thereof to make a new or improved Approach to the said Bridge, to commence on the South or South-east Side of the Belvidere Road in the said Parish of Lambeth otherwise Saint Mary Lambeth in the said County of Surrey, opposite to the present Surrey Side Approach of or to the said Bridge, on the North or North-west Side of the said Road, at or near the Point marked A. on the said Plans so deposited as aforesaid, and to pass thence to and into Manners Street in the said Parish, and from thence across Manners Street to and into the York Road in the same Parish, and to terminate in the same Road between Vine Street and Sutton Street at or near the Point marked B. on the said Plans, all in the said Parish of Lambeth otherwise Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey, with all proper Conveniences thereto, in the Line and Situation and upon the Lands delineated on the said Plans and described in the said Book of Reference, and for the Purposes of the said Approach, and for other the Purposes of the Company or any of them, to enter upon, take, and use such of the Lands and Houses delineated on the said Plans and described in the said Book of Reference as the Company shall deem it expedient or necessary to purchase and take, anything in the said third-recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it enacted, That if any Omission, Mis-statement, or erroneous Description shall have been made of any Lands or Houses, or of the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers of any Lands or Houses, described on the said Plans or in the said Book of Reference, it shall be lawful for the Company, after giving Ten Days Notice to the Owners of the Lands affected by such proposed Correction, to apply to Two Justices for the Correction thereof; and if it shall appear to such Justices that such Omission, Mis-statement, or erroneous Description arose from Mistake, they shall certify the same accordingly, and they shall in such Certificate state the Particulars of any such Omission, and in what respect any such Matter shall have been mis-stated or erroneously described; and such Certificate shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Surrey, and shall also be deposited with the Parish Clerk of the said Parish of Lambeth otherwise St. Mary Lambeth, and such Certificate shall be kept by such Clerk of the Peace and Parish Clerk respectively along with the other Documents to which they relate, and thereupon such Plan and Book of Reference shall be deemed to be corrected according to such Certificate, and it shall be lawful for the Company to make the Works in accordance with such Certificate.

Errors and Omissions in Plans may be corrected by Justices, who shall certify the same.

Certificate to bedeposited.

686

Limiting Powers of Deviation from Line laid down on Plans.

Power to Company to execute Works for Improvement of Approaches to Bridge.

Not to authorize the Construction of Streets not shown on the Plans, otto take away Powers under existing Acts.

Works under this Act to be deemed Part of the Approaches to the Bridge.

Portion of Approaches authorized by the Charing Cross Bridge Act, 184-5, and not included in the Line of the proposed

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. li.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company in making the said new or improved Approach to deviate from the Line thereof delineated on the said Plans so deposited as aforesaid; provided that the said Approach, or any Works connected therewith, be not by means of any such Deviation as aforesaid made to extend to a greater Distance than the Limits of Deviation delineated upon the said Plans, or into the Lands or Houses of any Person, whether Owner, Lessee, or Occupier, whose Name is not mentioned in the said Book of Reference, without the previous Consent in Writing of such Person, unless the Name of such Person shall have been omitted by Mistake, and the Fact that such Omission proceeded from Mistake shall have been certified in manner herein provided for in Cases of unintentional Errors in the said Book of Reference.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to execute such Works for the Improvement of the Aproaches to the said Bridge on the Surrey Side thereof, and for facilitating the Access thereto and to the Works of the Company from the Waterloo Station of The London and South-western Railway, and also for improving of the various Works and Conveniences belonging to or connected with the said Bridge on the Surrey Side thereof, and for facilitating the Access to such Bridge and Works as well from the River Thames as from the said Railway Station, and the Streets and Places on the Surrey Side of the said Bridge, as the Company shall from Time to Time think necessary or expedient: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the Company to make, maintain, vary, extend, or enlarge any Street, except to such Extent as is shown on the said Plans so deposited as aforesaid : Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the Company from making, maintaining, varying, extending, or enlarging any Street (other than the Streets or Approaches by this Act authorized to be relinquished) which the Company might have made, maintained, varied, extended, or enlarged under the Powers of the said recited Acts or any of them.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said improved Approach and other Works to be executed by the Company shall, for all the Purposes of the said recited Acts or any of them, be and be deemed and taken to be Part of the Approaches to the said Bridge: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to prevent the said Company from dedicating the said improved Approach, in the Manner required by Law, to the Use of the Public, in order that the same may become a public Highway, and be for ever thereafter kept in repair by the Parish.

XIV. And whereas the said deposited Plans also show the Lines of the said Approaches authorized by the said third-recited Act, and what Portions thereof are not included within the Line, or the Limits of Deviation therefrom, of the said proposed new Approach authorized by this Act: Be it enacted, That the Company shall and they are hereby required to abstain from making such Parts of the said Approaches authorized to be made by the said third-recited Act, and of the WTorks connected therewith, as are not included in the Approach and Works by this Act authorized to be made, and

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CapM 687

all the Powers and Authorities vested in the Company by the said Approach, Act for making and maintaining the Parts of the said Approaches be and Works hereby required to be relinquished shall from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Powers of the Company for the Period for

compulsory Purchase of Lands and Houses for the Purposes of this th<j com‘ Act shall not be exercised after the Thirtieth Day of June which chas^of Uf' will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two. Lands

limited.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Works by this Act authorized Period for shall be completed within Five Years from the passing of this Act, Completion and on the Expiration of such Period the Powers for executing the of Works, said Works, or otherwise in relation thereto, shall cease to be exercised, except as to such of the said Works as shall then be completed.

XVII. And whereas the Company are seised of some Lands pur- Extension of chased under the Powers of the said first-recited Act, which Lands g^e0p°r not having yet been used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts superfluous it is apprehended may be considered as coming within the Descrip- Lands, tion of superfluous Lands: And whereas such Lands will now be required for the Purposes of the said recited Acts in connexion with the Purposes authorized by this Act: Be it therefore enacted, That the Period by the said secondly recited Act limited for the Company to sell, and by Deed under their Common Seal to convey to the Purchasers thereof, any Part of the superfluous Lands of which they may be seised under the Provisions of the said first-recited Act, or any Estate or Interest purchased by the Company in such Lands or any Part thereof, shall be extended and enlarged for the further Term of Three Years, to be computed from the Thirtieth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and that in the meantime and until the Company shall use such Lands for the Purposes of the Company, or shall think proper to sell the same or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Company to let any such superfluous Lands to any Person willing to become the Tenant, thereof, in such Manner and upon such Terms as the Company shall think proper; and all the Clauses of " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," with respect to Lands acquired by the Promoters of the Undertaking under the Provisions of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, but which shall not be required for the Purposes thereof, shall extend and apply to the superfluous Lands now vested in the Company under the said first*recited Act, and also to any Lands which may be purchased by the Company under the Powers of this Act, and which may not be required for the Purposes thereof or for any other Purposes of the Company.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Com- p0Hcr to pany, in the Construction of the Approach and Works authorized by execute this Act, to do and execute all necessary Works, Acts, Matters, and ,'orks and Things, and to break up or open the Pavement or Soil of any public streets1 &t-or private Street, Road, or Way shown on the said deposited Plans, for the Purer any Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel in such Street, Road, or Way, and poses of

to this Act.

688

12° & 13" VICTORIA, li.

to arch over any Sewer or Drain in or upon the Lands delineated on the said Plans, they the Company doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the said Powers, and making Compensation for any Damage caused thereby in the Manner by " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," provided for ascertaining and determining Questions of Compensation with regard to Lands purchased or taken under the Provisions thereof, and subject, as to any Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, to the Provisions herein contained as to the Control of the Metropolitan Commissioners of Sewers.

Notice to be

XIX. And be it enacted, That before any public Street, Road, or served by Way shall be opened or broken up by the Company they shall give

Company tQ the persons under whose Control or Management such Street,

breaking up Road, or Way may be, Notice in Writing ol their Intention to open

Streets or break up the same, Three Days before the Commencement of such Operation.

Notice to be

XX. And be it enacted, That before any Sewer, Drain, Tunnel, or servedbefore Watercourse shall be opened, broken up, arched over, or interfered wi hewers w'^ by the Company, they shall give to the Metropolitan Commis-&c., and"the’ sioners of Sewers Notice in Writing of their Intention to open, break Company to up, arch over, or interfere with the same, Twenty-one Days before obeyDirec- the Commencement of such Operation, together with a Plan of the m^ssioners'of Works proposed; and the Company shall not, except as herein-after Sewers. ° provided, proceed in the Works until the Commissioners shall have sanctioned the same; and the Company shall and they are hereby required to adhere to and comply with such Orders and Regulations as the Commissioners may make in relation to the proposed arching over or Interference with such Sewer, Drain, Tunnel, or Watercourse; and all such Works to which any Order of the Commissioners shall refer shall be done under the Direction and Control of the Surveyor or other Officer of the Commissioners; and such Works, when completed by the Company, shall thenceforth be subject to the Control of the Commissioners.

If Company disobey Directions of Commissioners of Sewers, the Commissioners may stop Works.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if the Company shall not adhere to and comply with such Orders and Regulations as the Metropolitan Commissioners of Sewers may make in relation to the proposed arching over or Interference with such Sewer, Drain, Tunnel, or Watercourse as aforesaid, or shall not execute any Works which the Commissioners may direct to be done in the Manner in which the same shall have been ordered or directed by the Commissioners to be executed, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to stop any Operations of the Company, and to construct, do, and perform all such Works and Things as may be requisite or necessary to carry the Orders, Regulations, and Directions of the Commissioners into full and complete Effect, so as to guard against Injury to the Drainage of the District, and the Expenses incurred by them in so doing shall be repaid to them by the Company, on Demand, and in default thereof may be recovered by the Commissioners in the same Way as the Commissioners may by Law levy Charges for Default.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CapM

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Commissioners shall not, within Fourteen Days from the first Ordinary Court of Sewers which shall be holden next after the Expiration of Seven clear Days after the Receipt of any such Notice as is herein-before directed to be given by the Company to the Commissioners, make any Order with reference to the Works mentioned in such Notice, the Company may, at the Expiration of such Fourteen Days, proceed in their Operations according to their said Notice and Plans, in the same Manner as if the Commissioners had expressly sanctioned the same, but subject nevertheless to the Execution thereof being superintended and controlled by the Metropolitan Commissioners of Sewers or their Surveyor.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every such Street, Road, or Way shall be opened or broken up under the Superintendence of the Persons having the Control or Management of the same, or their Officer, and according to such Plan as shall be agreed upon between such Persons or their Officer and the Company, or in case of any Difference respecting such Plan, then according to such Plan as shall be determined by Two Justices in Petty Sessions assembled; and such Justices are hereby required, on the Application of the Company, to determine the Plan according to which such Street, Road, or Way shall be opened or broken up; provided that Three Days Notice of the Time and Place at which such Determination is to be made shall be proved to have been served upon the Person having the Control or Management of the Street, Road, or Way proposed to be opened or broken up : Provided always, that if the Person having such Control or Management as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to superintend the opening of any such Street, Road, or Way, after having had Notice of the Company’s Intention as aforesaid, or shall not propose any Plan for breaking up or opening the same, the Company may perform the Work specified in such Notice, without the Superintendence of such Person.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That when the Company shall open or break up the Road or Pavement of any Street, Road, or Way, or shall open, break up, or arch over any Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, they shall with all convenient Speed complete the Work for which the same shall be broken up, and fill in the Ground and reinstate and make good the Road or Pavement, or the Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, so opened, broken up, or arched over, and carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby, and shall at all Times whilst any such Road or Pavement shall be so opened or broken up cause the same to be fenced and guarded, and shall cause a Light sufficient for the warning of Passengers to be set up and maintained against or neat-such Road or Pavement where the same shall be open or broken up, every Night during which the same shall be continued open or broken up, and shall keep the Road or Pavement which has been so broken up in good Repair for Three Months after replacing and making good the same, and for such further Time, if any, not being more than Twelve Months in the whole, as the Soil so broken up shall continue to subside.

689

If Commissioners neglect to give Directions within Fourteen Days, the Works may be proceeded with.

Streets to be broken up under Superintendence.

Streets, &c. broken up to be reinstated with out Delay.

8 M

090

Penalty for Delay in reinstating Streets.

In case of Delay other Parties may reinstate and recover the Expenses.

Power to stop up Streets, &c. temporarily.

Proceedings on Application to Justices to consent to Streets, &c. being

stopped up.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. li.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if the Company open or break up any Street, Road, or Way, or arch over or interfere with the said Sewer, without giving such Notice as aforesaid, or in a Manner different from that which shall have been approved of or determined as aforesaid, except in the Cases in which the Company are hereby authorized to perform such Works without any Superintendence or Notice, or if the Company make any Delay in completing such Work, or in filling in the Ground, or reinstating and making good the Road or Pavement, or the Sewer arched over or interfered with, or in carrying away the Rubbish occasioned thereby, or if they neglect to cause the Place where such Road or Pavement has been broken up to be fenced, guarded, and lighted, or neglect to keep the Road or Pavement in repair for the Space of Three Months next after the same is made good, or such further Time as aforesaid, they shall forfeit to the Person having the Control or Management of the Street or Sewer in respect of which such Default is made, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, and they shall forfeit an additional Sum of Five Pounds for each Day during which any such Delay as aforesaid shall continue after they shall have received Notice thereof.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any such Delay or Omission as aforesaid take place, the Person having the Control or Management of the Street or Sewer in respect of which such Delay or Omission shall take place may cause the Work, so delayed or omitted, to be executed, and the Expense of executing the same shall be repaid to such Persons by the Company, and such Expenses may be recovered in the same Manner as Damages are recoverable under this Act.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That, with the Consent of Two or more Justices in Petty Sessions, as after mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Company temporarily to alter, diver, stop up, or inclose the whole or any Part of any Street, Road, Court, Alley, Way, or Passage shown on the said deposited Plans which the Company shall at any Time and from Time to Time deem necessary to be altered, diverted, stopped up, or inclosed, for the Purpose of enabling them to carry into execution all or any of the Powers and Provisions of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That when the Company shall intend to apply for the Consent of Two Justices, as herein-before provided, so as to authorize them to alter, divert, stop up, or inclose the whole or any Part of any Street, Road, Court, Alley, Way, or Passage shown on the said deposited Plans, they shall, Fourteen Days at least previous to the holding of the Petty Sessions at which such Application is intended to be made, cause Notice of such intended Application to be affixed at each End of such Street, Road, Court, Alley, Way, or Passage so proposed to be altered, stopped up, or inclosed; and if it appear to any Two or more Justices acting for the District in which such Street, Road, Court, Alley, Way, or Passage is situate, and assembled in Petty Session after such Notice as aforesaid, that the same can, consistently with due Regard to the

Public

691

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. li.

Public Convenience, be altered, diverted, stopped up, or inclosed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to consent that the same may be so altered, diverted, stopped up, or inclosed for such Period as such Justices shall think necessary, which Period may from Time to Time, upon the like Notice and Application, be extended for such further Period as any Two Justices may think proper.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the Company, their Workmen or Servants, or any of them, to embank, encroach upon, or interfere with any Part of the Soil or Bed of the River Thames, or the Banks or Shores thereof.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, and incident thereto, shall be paid and discharged out of the Funds of the Company, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

Company not to interfere with the River Thames.

Expenses of Act.

[Public Act.]

I

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

V ICTOR I/E REGENRE.

Cap. lii.

An Act for extending the Time and Powers for making the Ely and Huntingdon Railway, and for amending the Act relating to the East Anglian Railways.

[13th July 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Ileign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act for consolidating the Lynn and Ely, the Ely and Huntingdon, and the Lynn and Dereham Railway Companies into One Company, to be called the " East Anglian Railways Company And whereas by the said Act the Ely and Huntingdon Railway Act, 1845, therein recited, except as to such of its Provisions respectively as might be necessary to effect the Purposes of the said recited Act, was repealed, and the several Works by the said Ely and Huntingdon Railway Act authorized or required to be made, executed, or completed were authorized to be made, executed, or completed by the Company incorporated by the said recited Act: And whereas the Time limited by the said Ely and Huntingdon Railway Act for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purpose of making a Railway from Ely to Huntingdon expired on the Thirtieth Day of June [Local.] 8 N One

10 & 11 Vict.

c. 275.

694

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lii.

One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and the Time by the said Act limited for the Completion of the said Railway will expire on the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and it is expedient that further Time should be granted to the Company for the compulsory Purchase of the Lands required for making so much of the said intended Railway as is situate between Ely and Saint Ives, for completing the said Portion of Railway, and that some of the Powers of the Company should be enlarged : And whereas for the Purposes and Objects of the said recited Act it is expedient that further Powers should be granted for the Conversion of the Mortgage and Bond Debt of the Company into Share Capital, and for dealing in other respects with the Share Capital of the Company : And whereas the Company, at a Meeting held on the Twenty-eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, consented to such Conversion and to such Dealing; but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-Powers of rity of the same, That all and singular the Provisions, Matters, and recited Act Things contained in the said recited Act, and in the said Ely and to Huntingdon Railway Act, 1845, respectively, with reference to 1 "s ct’ making and completing the Railway by such Act authorized to be constructed, so far as the same are now in force, (and except such of them as are by this Act altered or otherwise provided for,) shall extend to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same Provisions, Matters, and Things were severally repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

Si

(is

tf

1

tut

Sill

tt

»<)

4*1

tail

OS!

30®

Amo

peas

Out

tel

IV

tel

ire

Corn)

EDS 5 SB!

Mi

ate

M

tai

:a:

Time for

II. And be it enacted, That the Time limited by the said Ely and compulsory Huntingdon Railway Act, 1845, for the compulsory Purchase of V

faiids8*6 of Lands for the Purpose of making the said Railway from Ely to in

Huntingdon, so far as regards so much and such Parts of the Land tnel

in, upon, or through which the said Ely and Huntingdon Railway ton

and Works are authorized to be made and completed, according to situ

the Plan of the said Railway and Works, and Books of Reference aft

thereto, respectively deposited with the Clerks of the Peace of the Isle of Ely and of the Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon, as in the said Ely and Huntingdon Railway Act is mentioned, as is and

are situate in the several Parishes or Places of Ely Trinity or Ely Saint Mary, Ely Saint Mary, Thetford, Grunty Fen, Wilberton, Haddenham, and Willingham, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, Swavesey and Over in the County of Cambridge, and Holy-ivell-cum-Needingworth in the County of Huntingdon, and also so much and such Parts of the Land in the Parish of Saint Ives in the said County of Huntingdon as is and are described in the said Plan and Books of Reference, and referred to therein by the Numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, and 22, shall be and the same is hereby revived, extended, and enlarged until the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and after such Day the Powers by the said Ely and Huntingdon 7 Railway

695

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CapMu

Railway Act, 1845, and this Act, granted for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purpose of making the said Railway, shall cease to be exercised.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Justices, Arbitrators, Umpires, or Juries respectively, as the Case may be, who, under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, shall award or assess the Compensation to be made by the Company to the Owners or Occupiers of or other Persons interested in any of the Lands for the Purchase of which the Period is by this Act extended, and which shall be taken or used for the Purposes of the Railway or Works by the said recited Act or this Act authorized, or which may be injuriously affected by the Construction thereof shall, in estimating the Amount of such Compensation, have regard to and make Compensation for the additional Damage (if any) sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, or other Persons by reason of the Extension hereby authorized of the Period aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Extension hereby authorized of the Period aforesaid shall not in anywise prejudice or affect any Contract entered into or Notice given by the said Company before the passing of this Act for purchasing, taking, or using any Lands which under the said recited Act such Company is entitled to purchase, take, or use, but every such Contract and Notice respectively shall be construed and shall take effect, and the same Proceedings shall be had thereunder, and all Parties thereto shall be entitled to the same Rights and Remedies in respect thereof, both at Law and in Equity, as if such Extension of the said Period had not been authorized as aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted, That the Time limited by the said Ely and Huntingdon Railway Act, 1845, and the said recited Act, respectively, for the Completion of the said Railway from Ely to Huntingdon, so far as respects that Portion of the said Railway which is situate between Ely and Saint Ives, shall be and the same is hereby extended and enlarged until the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, and after such Day the Powers by the said Acts and this Act respectively granted for the Completion of the said Portion of Railway, or otherwise in relation thereto, shall cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the said Railway from Ely to Huntingdon as shall then be completed.

VI. And whereas so much of the said intended Railway from Ely to Huntingdon as is situate between Ely and Saint Ives has not yet been constructed : And whereas it is expedient to give to the Company further Facilities for the Construction thereof: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company, by and with the Authority of Three Fifths of the Votes of the Shareholders thereof who may be present, either personally or by Proxy, at some Extraordinary Meeting, to enter into Contracts for the Construction of so much of the said Railway as is situate between the Points or Places

aforesaid.

Parties aggrieved by Extension of Time being granted may have Compensation for additional Damage.

Existing Contracts and Notices to take Land not to be affected.

Extending Time for completing Railway.

Cost of completing Railway may be defrayed by means of a Rent.

696 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.Yn.

aforesaid, in which Contracts it may be stipulated and agreed that, in substitution for the Payment by the Company of a Sum in gross for such Construction, the Company shall grant an annual Rent to be payable by the Company, and (subject and without Prejudice to the Rights and Remedies against the Company by virtue of any Mortgages or Bonds respectively granted and entered into, or to be granted and entered into, in exercise of the Powers in that Behalf contained in the said recited Act, or in the several Acts in the said recited Act mentioned, or any or either of them,) to be charged on the Tolls or Rates, Charges, and Profits arising from the said Railway from Ely to Huntingdon; and it shall be lawful for the Company to stipulate and agree, that if at any Time the said Rent be not paid within Thirty Days after it shall become payable, and after Demand thereof in Writing, the Person to whom the said Rent shall be payable may either recover the same from the Company, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt in any of the Superior Courts, or may levy the same by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Company, in the same Manner as in case of Rent in arrear between Landlord and Tenant.

Directors

VII. And be it enacted, That the Directors may from Time to may appomt Time appoint an Officer of the Company or depute any other Kegistradon1 Officer of the Company to perform the Duties of the Secretary with of Shares, reference to the Registration and Transfer of Shares, and the

&c. giving of Notices as to Calls and Forfeitures of Shares, and such

Officer may be called the Registrar of the Company, and shall for all the Purposes of and connected with the Registration and Transfer of Shares and such Notices respectively be deemed the Secretary.

VIII. And whereas Eleven thousand eight hundred and forty-one Shares, the Residue of Twenty-two thousand seven hundred and sixty Shares of Five Pounds each created by the Company, and Six thousand one hundred and forty-nine Shares, the Residue of Ten thousand eight hundred Shares of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings each created by the Company, respectively remain unissued, and the Sum of Eighty thousand seven hundred and twenty-six Pounds and Ten Shillings is the total Amount of such unissued Shares: And whereas by virtue of the Powers conferred on the Company by the several Acts relating to them, or some of such Acts, the Company borrowed at divers Times on Mortgage or Bond divers Sums amounting to the aggregate Sum of Two hundred and ninety-four thousand eight hundred Pounds : And whereas in order to pay off the Sum of Two hundred and ninety-four thousand seven hundred and eighty-three Pounds and Four Shillings, Part of such Mortgage and Bond Debt, the Company created Thirty-seven thousand five hundred and fifty-two Shares of Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings each, to bear respectively Interest in perpetuity at Seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, in preference to any Dividends or Interest payable in respect of the Company’s existing Share Capital, or any Part thereof: And whereas some only of such Thirty-seven thousand five hundred and fifty-two Shares have been applied for and issued : And whereas a Part of such Mortgage and Bond Debt is already due, and Actions

against

Power to issue new Shares in lieu of those pot issued, which shall be deemed not to have been created.

697

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lii.

against the Company for the Recovery of Portions thereof are pending, and the Company have endeavoured without Success to reborrow the Amount so due, and they have not the Means of paying off the same, and a further Part of such Mortgage and Bond Debt will shortly fall due : And whereas the existing Debts and Liabilities of the Company, other than such Mortgage and Bond Debt, amount to the Sum of Eighty thousand seven hundred and twenty-six Pounds and Ten Shillings, or thereabouts, and the Company have not the Means of meeting such other Debts and Liabilities: And whereas it is in the existing Circumstances of the Company expedient to authorize them to raise, by creating new Shares, to bear respectively Interest in perpetuity at Seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the same Footing as such Thirty-seven thousand five hundred and fifty-two Shares, such a Sum as may be necessary for paying off the whole of such Mortgage and Bond Debt, and also such Sum of Eighty thousand seven hundred and twenty-six Pounds and Ten Shillings: Be it therefore enacted, That such unissued Eleven thousand eight hundred and forty-one Shares of Five Pounds each, and Six thousand one hundred and forty-nine Shares of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings each, respectively, or any of them, shall not be issued, and shall be deemed not to have been created; and the Company may, in addition to such Thirty-seven thousand five hundred and fifty-two Shares of Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings each, create an equal Number of Shares of Two Pounds Three Shillings each, or may increase the Amount of each of such Thirty-seven thousand five hundred and fifty-two Shares from Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings to Ten Pounds; and such new Shares, if created, or such existing Thirty-seven thousand five hundred and fifty-two Shares, whether of Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings or of Ten Pounds each, shall bear Interest in perpetuity after the Rate of Seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, and such Interest shall be paid in the first place, in preference to all other Interest and Dividends payable in respect of the now existing Share Capital of the Company or any Part thereof, anything in this Act or the several Acts relating to the Company, or any of them, to the contrary thereof respectively notwithstanding; and the Resolutions of the Company with reference to the Premises, being respectively in conformity with the Provisions of this Act, shall be as valid as if the same had been adopted by the Company after the passing of this Act: Provided always, that the Monies raised by such Shares respectively shall be applied solely in or towards Payment or Discharge of such existing Mortgage and Bond Debt, and other Debts and Liabilities; and the Company shall keep a separate and distinct Account of such Monies and the Application thereof:

Provided also, that when and as such existing Mortgage and Bond Debt, or any Part thereof, is paid ofi; the Power of the Company to borrow or reborrow Money shall proportionately cease.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Com- Deposits lor pany. out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the j^T; ^,ls said Railway Company authorized to be raised for the Purposes of paid out (lf such Act or Acts, to pay or deposit any Sum of Money which by Company’s [Local.] 8 O any Capital.'

(598

Interest not to be paid on Calls paid up.

Hallway Company to be subject to Provisions of 1 & 2 Vict, c. 98.,

8 & 4 Vict, c. 97.,

.5 & 6 Vict, c. 55.,

7 & 8 Vict, c. 85., and

9 & 10 Vict, cc. 57. & 105.

Railways not exempt from Provisions of any future general Act.

Expenses of Act.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lii.

any Standing Order of either House of Parliament, now in force or hereafter to be in force, may be required to be deposited in respect of any Application to Parliament for the Purpose of obtaining an Act authorizing the Company to construct any other Railway or execute any other Work or Undertaking.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Company, out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the said Railway Company authorized to be raised by Calls in respect of Shares, or by the Exercise of any Power of borrowing, to pay any Interest or Dividend to any Shareholder on the Amount of the Calls made in respect of the Shares held by him in the Capital by this Act authorized to be raised : Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall be deemed to prevent the Company from paying to any Shareholder such Interest on Money advanced by him beyond the Amount of the Calls actually made as shall be in conformity with the Provisions in "The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," in that Behalf contained.

XI. And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by Railways; and another Act w'as passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating Railways; and another Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance of Troops; and another Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament, and for other Purposes in relation to Railways; and Two Acts were passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, the one intituled An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways, and the other intituled An Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways: Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be held to exempt the Company or their said Railways from the Provisions of the said several Acts respectively, but that such Provisions shall be in force in respect to the said Railways so far as the same shall be applicable thereto.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the said Railways by this or the said recited Act authorized to be made from the Provisions of any general Act relating to such Acts, or of any general Act relating to Railways, now' in force or which may hereafter pass during this or any future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Rates of Fares and Charges authorized by such Acts.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of obtaining and passing this Act, or incident thereto, shall be

699

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap.Hi.

be paid by the said East Anglian Railways Company, in pieference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Public Act.]

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

s

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGIME.

Cap. liii.

An Act for the Dissolution of the East Lothian Central Railway Company, and for the Abandon-

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled " The East Lothian Central Railway Act, 1847 And whereas no Notices have been given of an Intention to take Land under the Powers of the said recited Act, or Contracts entered into for the Purchase of Land, and the Works authorized by the said Act to be constructed have not been commenced: And whereas it has become expedient that the Company established by the said Act should be dissolved, and the Undertaking abandoned, but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this \_Local.'] 8 P present

ment of the Railway.

702

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. Xux.

Undertaking present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That donedaban" from antl after the passing of this Act the said Undertaking called the East Lothian Central Railway authorized to be made by the said Act, intituled " The East Lothian Central Railway Act, 1847," shall be abandoned, and all the Powers granted to the said Company by the said Act or otherwise touching the Construction, Maintenance, or Management of the said Undertaking shall cease, and the said Company shall exist only for the Purpose of discharging their Debts, Contracts, and other Liabilities, collecting their Assets, distributing their Funds, and winding up their Affairs, and when and so soon as the same shall have been accomplished the said Company shall be dissolved.

Company

II. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions herein-after fromfarther contained, the Company shall be and they are hereby absolutely and Liability to entirely released, exonerated, and discharged of and from all Obligation the^Eas^ or Liability to make, maintain, and support the said Railway, or any of Lothian Cen- the Works which they are by the said Act or otherwise authorized tral Railway. or empowered to make and maintain, or to purchase or take any of the Lands which they are by the said Act or otherwise authorized to purchase or take, whether any Notice of the Intention of the Company to take or use the same shall or shall not have been given to the Owners or Occupiers thereof, or to complete the Purchase of any Land which may have been agreed to be purchased or taken for the Purpose of making the said Railway or Branch Railways, or any of the Works connected therewith.

Notice of

III. And be it enacted, That Notice of the Abandonment of the to beadver- Undertaking shall be given by Advertisement published once in the tised. Edinburgh Gazette, and once for Three successive Weeks in one of the Edinburgh Newspapers.

Persons hav-

IV. And be it enacted, That within One Month after the last of t*Smak<Mhe such Publications all Persons having any Claim or Demand upon the same within said Company in respect of any Contract or Agreement which shall One. Month have been legally entered into by the Company, and which will be determined by reason of the Abandonment of the said Undertaking, shall give Notice in Writing to the Company of such Claim or Demand, and shall state the Particulars thereof, and the Amount claimed in respect thereof.

Disputes as V. And be it enacted, That any Person with whom any such Con-Compeusa-nd tract 0l' Agreement shall have been entered into by the Company shall

tion to be

be entitled to Compensation for any Loss or Damage that he may settled by have sustained by reason of the Nonfulfilment thereof: and if any

Arbitration. ’ J

Dispute

703

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liii.

Dispute shall arise as to the Amount of any Debt due by the Company, or as to whether any and what Compensation shall be made by the Company for the Breach of any Contract or Agreement determined by the abandoning of the said Undertaking, the same shall be settled by Arbitration in manner provided by the Railways Clauses Consolidation ( Scotland) Act, 1845.

VI. And be it enacted, That no Debt due to or from the Company Actions, &c. shall be discharged, and no Action, Suit, or Proceeding whatsoever not to abate' commenced either by or against the said Company shall abate or be discontinued or be prejudicially affected by virtue or in consequence of the Provisions of this Act, but the same shall continue and take effect as well in favour of as against the said Company in the same Manner in all respects as if this Act had not been passed.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Funds and Property of the said As to Dis-Company shall be from Time to Time applied, under the Control and Funds°of Superintendence of the Directors of the said Company, in the first the Com-place, in the Payment of the Costs and Expenses of applying for and Pany-obtaining and passing this Act, or which shall be incurred by such Company or the Directors thereof in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, and then according to the due Order of Administration of the Assets and Funds of the Company in or towards Payment of the Debts and Liabilities of the Company, or any Composition thereupon, and any Compensation as aforesaid; and subject

to such Payments the Monies and Funds of the Company shall be paid and distributed, under the like Control and Superintendence, amongst the Persons for the Time being entitled to Shares in the said Company.

VIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained, or which Reserving may be done in pursuance hereof, shall prejudice or affect the Rights g^b,s of of any Persons or Corporations holding Scrip Certificates of Shares in holders, the said Company to such Number of Shares in the Company as may

be expressed in such Scrip Certificates, notwithstanding such Scrip Certificates may not have been heretofore presented for Registration, or shall prejudice or affect the Rights of such Persons or Corporations to a Proportion of the Funds of the Company corresponding to the Number of Shares specified in such Scrip Certificates respectively; nor, on the other hand, shall anything herein contained prejudice or affect the Rights of any Persons or Corporations whose Names may have been entered as Shareholders in the Book kept as the Register of Shareholders in the Company, or their Transferees, to the Shares entered in their Names in the said Book, or to a Proportion of the Funds of the Company corresponding to such Shares; but all such

Rights

704

In case of disputed Claims Money to be paid into the Bank.

As to Shares and Debts belonging to unknown or incapacitated Persons.

Money, until wanted for Distribution, may be deposited in Bank, &c.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.Ym.

Rights shall be judged of and determined as if this Act had not

been passed.

IX. And be it enacted, That if in the course of winding up the Affairs of the said Company Two or more Persons shall claim to be entitled to the same Share or Shares, or to the Money which may be payable in respect thereof, or to any Part of such Money, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Directors and they are hereby authorized and required to pay the Money which shall be payable in respect of the Share or Shares, the 1 itle to which shall be so in dispute, into any of the chartered Banks in Scotland in the joint Names of One of their Number and of the Persons claiming such Share or Shares, and which Money shall be applied and paid to the Person or Persons who shall establish a legal Right thereto, subject to the necessary Costs and Charges incurred by the Directors in relation to the Monies so deposited as aforesaid.

X. And be it enacted, That as concerning any Shares in the Capital of the said Company, the Owner or Owners or the Person or Persons entitled to which shall not be known or cannot be found, or in respect of which there shall be no Person competent to receive and give an effectual Discharge for the Monies payable in respect thereof on the Distribution of the Funds of the said Company, it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company to deposit, invest, and pay into any of the chartered Banks in Scotland in the joint Names of any Two or more of their Number and of such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons entitled to such Shares as aforesaid, such Proportion or distinct Proportions of the Monies to arise from the Property of the said Company as shall correspond with or represent or be payable in respect of the said Shares respectively; and the Monies so to be deposited, invested, and paid shall be applied and paid to the Person or Persons who shall establish a legal Right thereto, subject to the necessary Costs and Charges incurred by the Directors in relation to the Monies so deposited as aforesaid.

XI. And be it enacted, That in the meantime, and until the Funds of the Company shall be applied or distributed in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, the same, or so much thereof as the said Directors in their Discretion may think expedient, may be deposited by them in any of the chartered Banks of Scotland at such Rates of Interest as can be procured therefor, or invested in the Name of any Three or more of them in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, or of any of the Stocks, Funds, or Government Securities of Great Britain, with Power to vary such Deposits and Investments from Time to Time, and to convert the same into Money, in their Discretion.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liii. 705

XII. And be it enacted, That Henry Marshall Davidson, James Directors Aitchison, Thomas Todrick, William Dods, John Ferme, and George aPP°‘ntet1, More shall be the Directors of the Company.

XIII. And be it enacted, That after the Abandonment of the said Power of Undertaking, and until all the Debts and Monies due or thereafter Company to to become due to the said Company shall have been received and til the Debts recovered by the Directors for the Time being thereof, or shall have due to and been released, extinguished, or finally abandoned by the said Directors received and (as they are hereby empowered in their Discretion to do), and until paid.

all Debts, Monies, and Compensation claimed, or which may become due or be claimed, as herein-before provided, shall have been fully paid, settled, and discharged by the said Directors (as they in their Discretion shall have full Power to do), the said Company shall continue, with the like Powers, to use a Common Seal, and to sue and be sued, as they now have; and the said Directors for the Time being shall, after the said Abandonment, have full Power to use such Common Seal, and to do and perform all other Acts and Things necessary or expedient to be done and performed for recovering and compelling Payment of the said several Monies respectively, and for otherwise winding up the Affairs of the Company : Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the Directors of the Company to enter into any new Contract, or incur any fresh Liability, excepting in so far as the same may facilitate the winding up of the Affairs of the Company.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in this Act the following Words and Interpreta-Expressions shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them,

unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females:

The Word " Person " shall include Corporation:

The Word " Lands " shall extend to Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Heritages of any Description or Tenure:

The Expression " the Undertaking" shall mean " The East Lothian Central Railway," and the Works connected therewith:

The Expression " the Company " shall mean " The East Lothian Central Railway Company," their Successors and Assigns.

XV. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses Expenses of connected with the passing of this Act, or of carrying the same into Act-effect, shall be paid by the said Company or the Directors thereof out of the Funds of the Company in preference to all other Payments

whatsoever.

706

[Public Act.]

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liii.

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGINA.

a

Cap. liv.

An Act to consolidate the several Acts relating to the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company, to enable the Company to alter their Line of Railway in the Parishes of Egglescliffe and Stockton-on-Tees, and to increase their Capital, and to vest in them the Middlesbrough Dock.

[13th July 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for 1 & 2 ( making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the River c-44■ Tees at Stockton to Witton Park Colliery, with several Branches therefrom, all in the County of Durham : And whereas another Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to enable the Stockton and *G.4. Darlington Railway Company to vary and alter the Line of their Railway, and also the Line or Lines of some of the Branches therefrom, and to make an additional Branch therefrom, undfor altering and enlarging the Powers of the Act passed for making and maintaining the said Railway : And whereas another Act was passed in the & [Local.] 8 R Fifth

3. 4.

c. 33.

710

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liv.

Fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Fourth, SGJ. c.i8. intituled An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the

Stockton and Darlington Railway to relinquish One of their Branch Railways, and to enable them to make another Branch Railway in lieu thereof; and to enable the said Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the said Railway : And whereas another Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the

9 G. t. c. 60. Fourth, intituled An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Stockton and Darlington Railway to make a Branch therefrom in the Counties of Durham and York, and to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating thereto: And whereas it would be convenient if the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or some of them, were consolidated into One Act, and further and more effectual Provisions were made for enabling the said Stockton and Darlington Railway Company to carry on their Undertaking: And whereas it is expedient that the Company should be empowered to abandon a Portion of their Railway in the Parishes of Egglescliffe and Stockton-on-Tees, and to make a new Line of Railway in lieu of the Portion of the Railway so proposed to be abandoned : And whereas the said Company have advanced and paid towards the Construction of a certain Dock at Middlesbrough in the North Riding of the County of York, known as the Middlesbrough Dock, the Sum of One hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, and the Owners of such Dock are willing, in consideration of such Payment, that the said Dock and the Works connected therewith should become vested in the said Company, and it is expedient that Provision should be made for such Purpose, and for the proper Regulation of the said Dock, and it is also expedient that the Capital of the Company should be increased; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

Acts re- by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the pealed, and passing of this Act the said several herein-before recited Acts relating Da°rifnotornd to l'le ^toc^ton an^ Darlington Railway Company shall be and the Railway0" same are herety repealed, and the said Stockton and Darlington Company Railway Company, incorporated by the said ffrst-recited Act, shall be dissolved. and the same is hereby dissolved; provided nevertheless, that the

Repeal of the said Acts shall not annul or in anywise prejudice or affect any Purchase, Sale, Conveyance, Grant, Contract, Security, Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever heretofore made, done, committeil, or executed under or by virtue or in pursuance of the said repealed Acts or any of them, nor annul, prejudice, or affect any Agreement or Lease entered into by the said dissolved Company, or any Judgment or Award obtained or made against or in favour of the said dissolved Company, but all such Purchases, Sales, Conveyances, Grants, Contracts, Securities, Acts, Agreements, Leases, Judgments, Awards, Matters, and Things shall be and the same are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Acts had not been repealed, and shall be as binding and effectual on the Company hereby incorporated as they were before the

5

711

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liv.

passing of this Act on the said dissolved Company, and be enforced by the same Ways and Means; provided also, that, except as is herein otherwise specially provided, or except so far as may be repugnant to the Provisions of this Act, nothing herein contained shall extend in any way to defeat, prejudice, or affect any Rights, Privileges, Liberties, Powers, Easements, Accommodations, or Exemptions which under or by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them are given, granted, continued, or reserved to or for the Benefit of any Persons or Corporations whose Estates, Properties, or Interests are, have been, or may be in anywise affected in or by the making or maintaining, or otherwise on account of the Railways, Branches, and Works by the same Acts respectively authorized to be made and maintained, or to which such Persons or Corporations are or may be, or, but for the Repeal of the said recited Acts, would have been otherwise entitled, but all such Rights, Privileges, Powers, Easements, Accommodations, and Exemptions shall be and they are hereby declared to be as valid and effectual as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed; and such several Persons and Corporations shall be entitled to, and shall have, use, and enjoy, the same Rights, Privileges, Liberties, Powers, Easements, Accommodations, and Exemptions, or such and so many of them as immediately before the passing of this Act they were entitled to, or as but for the passing of this Act they would hereafter have been entitled to have, use, and enjoy, as fully and effectually as if the said Acts had not been repealed, and shall and may have and be entitled to such or the like Powers and Remedies upon and against the Company hereby incorporated, for securing the Possession, Use, and Enjoyment of such Rights, Privileges, Easements, Accommodations, and Exemptions, as under the Provisions of the said recited Acts they had or were or would or might have been entitled to against the said dissolved Company in case the said recited Acts had not been repealed; and all such Penalties, Damages, Monies, Costs, and Expenses as under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or any of them would or hereafter might have become payable to or recoverable by such Persons and Corporations as aforesaid, of and from the said dissolved Company, in case the same Acts had not been repealed, shall and may be payable by and recoverable from the Company hereby incorporated, in such Manner and by such Ways and Means as the same are respectively made payable and recoverable under the Provisions of the said recited Acts respectively; provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to alter, affect, or prejudice in any respect the Rights of Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Mines, and Minerals, and other Works in and to any private Branch Railway or other Communications with the Railways hereby vested in the Company hereby incorporated, or any of them, whether made in pursuance of any of the Powers and Provisions contained in the said several recited Acts, or in any other Acts of Parliament, or with the Consent of Owners and Occupiers of Lands, but that such several Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Mines, Minerals, and other Works shall have, use, and enjoy the same Rights and Privileges in respect of such private Branch Railways and Communications as but for the passing of this Act they respectively were or would have been entitled to have, use, and enjoy, and as fully and effectually in all resuects as if the said recited Acts had not been hereby repealed.

712 12° & 13° VICTOR1/E, Cap. liv.

8 & 9 Vict.

II. And be it enacted, That "The Companies Clauses Consoli-cc. 16.20.and Nation Act, 1845," "The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," to th^'Ac'r' and " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," shall, so far as the same are applicable, and are not modified by this Act, or inconsistent with the Provisions thereof, be held to apply to the Company hereby incorporated, and to the Railways, Branch Railways, and Works by this Act vested in or authorized to be made by the Company hereby incorporated, and shall be read and construed as forming Part of this Act.

Incorpo-

III. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the

ration of new passing of this Act the several Persons and Corporations who imme-C'ompany. diately before the passing of this Act were Proprietors of Shares in the Capital or Joint Stock of the said hereby dissolved Company, and their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall be united into a Company, according to the Provisions herein-after contained or referred to, for the Purpose of working, completing, and maintaining the Railway, Branches, and Works vested in or made or authorized to be made by or for the said dissolved Company, under the Authority of the said repealed Acts or any of them, or any other Act or Acts, and for the Purposes aforesaid shall be incorporated by the Name of " The Stockton and Darlington Railway Company," and by that Name shall be a Body Corporate, and have a Common Seal, with perpetual Succession, and shall have Power to purchase and hold and sell and dispose of Lands, within the Restrictions herein-after and in the "Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," as extended to this Act, contained, for the Purposes of this Act.

v! st ^rn’if-0- enactei^» That from and immediately after the

Companj'1C'V * Pass*ng of this Act the aforesaid Stockton and Darlington Railway, and all Branches thereof which were vested in or belonged to the said dissolved Company immediately before the passing of this Act, and all Works attached thereto or made or provided for the Purposes thereof together with all Stations, Embankments, Drains, Soughs, Tunnels, Arches, Piers, Bridges, Sluices, Gates, Ways, Roads, Landing Places, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, and other Buildings, Cranes, Weighing Machines, Engines, Rails, and Appurtenances to the said Railway and to all Branches and Extensions thereof belonging, and all Lands, Tenements, Easements, Rights, Powers, and Privileges whatsoever, and the Benefit of all Contracts, Agreements, and Proceedings in any way relating thereto, of or to which the said dissolved Company was seised or possessed, or entitled at Law or in Equity, immediately before the passing of this Act, shall be well and effectually vested in and belong to the Company hereby incorporated, for their absolute Benefit, and such Railway, Branches, and Works shall be called " The Stockton and Darlington Railway."

Joint Interests of old Company vested in new Company.

V. And be it enacted, That where the Company hereby dissolved

was immediately before the passing of this Act seised or possessed of or in anywise entitled to any Railway, Branch, Work, or Hereditament, jointly or in common with any other Company or Companies, or with any Person or Persons, then all such Right, Share, or Interest of and in the same Railway, Branch, Work, or Hereditament as was vested

713

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liv.

in or belonged to the said dissolved Company shall immediately after the passing of this Act be well and effectually vested in and belong to the Company hereby incorporated in such Manner and Quality of Estate or Interest, and subject to such Obligations in respect of the joint or common Ownership thereof, as the said dissolved Company would have held and been subject to in case this Act had not been passed.

VI. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act all the Monies, Goods, Chattels, Steam and other Engines, Carriages, Waggons, Trucks, Machines, Hopes, live and dead Stock, Shares, Bonds, Deeds, Securities, Books, Writings, Maps, Plans, and other Personal Estate and Effects of or to which the said dissolved Company was possessed or entitled, at Law or in Equity, immediately before the passing of this Act, shall be vested in and belong to the Company hereby incorporated, for their absolute Benefit; and all Persons and Corporations who immediately before the passing of this Act owed any Sum of Money to the said dissolved Company, or to any Person on behalf of the said dissolved Company, shall pay the same, together with all Interest, if any, due or to accrue due for the same, to the Company hereby incorporated; and all Monies which immediately before the passing of this Act were due and owing by or recoverable from the said dissolved Company, or for the Payment of which they were or but for the passing of this Act would have been liable, shall be paid, with all Interest, if any, due or to accrue due thereon, by or be recoverable from the Company hereby incorporated; and all Conveyances, Contracts, Agreements, Mortgages, Bonds, Covenants, and Securities made or entered into before the passing of this Act to, with, or in favour of, or by or for the said dissolved Company, or any Person on behalf of the said dissolved Company, shall be and remain as good, valid, and effectual, in favour of, against, and with reference to the Company hereby incorporated, and may be proceeded on and enforced in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Company had been a Party to and executed the same, or had been named or referred to therein, instead of the Persons, Company, or Party actually named therein respectively. VII.

VII. And be it enacted, That every Agreement, Contract, or Bond before the passing of this Act made, executed, or entered into between, by, or on behalf of the said dissolved Company and any Person, whereby any Matter in dispute between such dissolved Company and such Person as last aforesaid shall have been referred or agreecl to be referred to the Arbitrament or Determination of any Arbitrator, Arbitrators, or Umpire, shall be and remain as good, valid, and effectual, in favour of and against and with reference to the Company hereby incorporated, and may be proceeded on and enforced in favour of and against the same Company, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Matter in dispute thereby referred was Matter in dispute between the Company hereby incorporated and such Person as last aforesaid, and as if the same Company had been named or referred to therein, and had been Party to and executed or entered into the same, instead of the said dissolved Company; and

Effects, &c. vested in new Company.

Arbitrations not to be prejudiced.

714

\Vork6 to be completed.

Contracts to be completed.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liv.

every Award which shall be made under or by virtue of any such Agreement, Contract, or Bond shall be made in favour of or against the Company hereby incorporated, and shall be as binding and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, and may be proceeded upon and enforced in favour of or against the Company hereby incorporated, and in favour of or against any Person with whom the Matter shall be in dispute, in the same Manner in all respects as it would or might have been with reference to the said dissolved Company in case this Act had not been passed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Works which under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or any of them, or any other Acts, the said dissolved Company is or was authorized or required to execute or complete, and which have not been already executed or completed, may be executed or completed, as the Case may be, by the Company hereby incorporated; and the same Company shall in every such Case have and be entitled to all such Powers for executing and completing such Works as the dissolved Company was entitled to under the said Acts, and as fully as if the said Company hereby incorporated had been originally authorized and required to execute and complete the same Works, instead of the said dissolved Company; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, and Authorities contained in the Act or Acts authorizing the Execution or Completion of such Works, and for purchasing and taking Land, and in relation thereto and to the Conveyance of such Land, and the Payment and Application of the Purchase Money thereof, shall for the Purposes of this Act remain in force and be applicable to all Land which may be required to be taken for the Purposes of such Execution and Completion, and shall be construed and taken as if the Company hereby incorporated were named in such Act or Acts instead of the said dissolved Company; provided nevertheless, that where any particular Time is by the Acts authorizing the Execution or Completion of such Works or any of them limited for the Execution or Completion of such Works, the same shall and may be executed and completed within the Period so limited; provided nevertheless, that where any particular Time is by the Acts authorizing the Execution or Completion of such Works or any of them expired, the same shall not be, or be deemed, construed, or taken to be revived or the Powers of such Acts re-enacted by virtue of this Act. IX.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all Cases in which the said dissolved Company previously to the passing of this Act, under the Powers or Provisions of any of the Acts hereby repealed or any other Acts, shall have entered into any Contract for the Purchase of or shall have taken or used any Land which at the Time of the passing of this Act shall not be effectually conveyed to such Company, or the Purchase Money in respect of which shall not have been duly paid by such Company, then and in every such Case such Contract shall be completed, and such Land shall be conveyed to the Company hereby incorporated, or as such Company shall direct, and such Purchase Money shall be paid and applied pursuant to the Act or Acts under which such Contract shall have been made or such Land shall have been taken or used, and all the Clauses, Provisions,

715

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. liv.

Powers, and Authorities contained in such Act or Acts in relation to the Completion of such Contract, and the Purchase and Conveyance of such Land, and the Payment and Application of the Purchase Money in respect thereof, shall for the Purposes of this Act remain in full Force and shall be construed and taken as if the Company hereby incorporated were named in such Act or Acts and Contract respectively, instead of the said dissolved Company.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all Cases in which, under the Provisions of any of the Acts hereby repealed, or any other Acts, any Sum of Money has already been paid by the said dissolved Company, or shall hereafter be paid by them or the Company hereby incorporated, into the Bank ot' England, or to any Trustee or Trustees, on account of the Purchase of any Land or any Interest therein, or for any Compensation or Satisfaction or on any other Account, such Sum, or the Stocks, Funds, or Securities in or upon which the same has been or shall be invested, either by the Order of the Court of Exchequer or the Court of Chancery, or otherwise howsoever, and the Interest, Dividends, and annual Produce thereof, shall be applied and disposed of pursuant to the Act or Acts under which the same has been or shall be so paid into the Bank of England, or to such Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, and Authorities contained in such Act or Acts in relation to such Monies, Stocks, Funds, and Securities, and the Dividends and annual Produce thereof, shall for the Purposes of this Act remain in full Force, and shall be construed and taken as if the Company hereby incorporated were named in each such Act, instead of the said dissolved Company.

XI. And be it enacted, That no Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding whatsoever commenced or carried on either by or against the said dissolved Company previously to the passing of this Act shall abate or be discontinued or prejudicially affected by this Act, but, on the contrary, the same shall continue and take effect, both in favour of and against the Company hereby incorporated, in the same Manner in all respects as the same would have continued and taken effect in relation to the said dissolved Company if this Act had not been passed; and all Penalties incurred by any Offence against the Provisions of the said hereby repealed Acts or any of them, previously to the passing of this Act, shall and may be sued for, and all Offences which may have been committed before the passing of this Act against the Provisions of the said hereby repealed Acts or any of them may be prosecuted, in such or the like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the same might have been sued for and prosecuted respectively if this Act had not passed, the Company hereby incorporated being, in reference to the Matters aforesaid, in all respects substituted in the Place of the said dissolved Company.

XII. And be it enacted, That all Tolls made or imposed under or by virtue of the said repealed Acts or any of them, and which immediately before the passing of this Act were payable, or, if this Act had not been passed, would have become payable to the said dissolved Company, shall be payable to the Company hereby incorporated

Monies belonging to incapacitated Parties to be applied according to Provisions of Acts under which Purchases were made.

Actions, &c. not to abate.

Tolls to be recoverable-

716

Officers appointed under repealed Acts to continue until removed, &c.

Books, &c. to continue Evidence.

Plans, &c. to remain with Clerks of the Peace.

Works, &c. required to be done by dissolved Company for Benefit of Landowners, &c. to be performed by new Company.

]2° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.Yw.

porated until the same shall be varied or altered under the Authority of this Act, and shall and may be collected and recovered by such Means and under such Restrictions and Regulations as any Tolls to be received in pursuance of this Act may be collected or recovered.

XIII. And be it enacted, That every Treasurer, Secretary, Clerk, Agent, Collector, and other Officer appointed by virtue of or acting under the Authority of the said repealed Acts or any of them, and not acting contrary to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, shall hold and enjoy his Office and Employment, together with the Salary or Emolument thereunto annexed, until he shall be removed therefrom; and every such Clerk, Agent, Collector, and Officer shall have the like Power and Authority for the Purposes of this Act, and for carrying the same into execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties, and to the like Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all respects whatsoever as if he had been appointed by virtue of this Act.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all Books and other Documents whatsoever by the said recited Acts or any of them authorized or directed to be kept, and thereby made Evidence, shall still be admitted as Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity or elsewhere against or in favour of the said Company hereby incorporated.

XV. And be it enacted, That the several Maps or Plans and Books or Reference which, in pursuance of the said repealed Acts or any of them, have been deposited with the respective Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties to which the same relate, shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerks of the Peace for the Purposes specified in the said " Railways Clauses Consolidation Act."

XVI. And be it enacted, That all Works and Things which under the Provisions of the said Acts or any of them the said dissolved Company was bound, required, empowered, or made liable to make, construct, complete, or maintain, and all Repairs thereof respectively, and all Regulations and Restrictions which under the Provisions of the said recited Acts were imposed upon or required to be observed by the said dissolved Company, for the Safety, Protection, Accommodation, Convenience, Enjoyment, and Benefit of Persons and Corporations whose Estates, Properties, or Interests were or might be affected by the making and maintaining of the said Railway, Branch Railways, and Works by the said recited Acts or any or either of them authorized to be made and maintained by or otherwise vested in the said dissolved Company, and for the Protection of such Estates, Properties, and Interests, and for securing the Enjoyment of such Estates, Properties, and Interests as aforesaid, and all such Payments, annual and in gross, as under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or any of them were required to be made by the said dissolved Company, or such and so many of the aforesaid Works, Acts, Matters, filings, Regulations, Restrictions, and Payments as the said dissolved Company would have been bound or liable to construct, complete, maintain, make, do, execute, observe, perform, or pay in case this Act

717

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liv.

had not been passed, shall be constructed, maintained, made, done, executed, observed, performed, kept, and paid by the Company hereby incorporated, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the same were by the said Acts or any of them required to be made, done, executed, maintained, observed, performed, kept, and paid by the said dissolved Company, and as if the several Provisions in the said Acts or any or either of them contained in reference thereto respectively had been specially repeated and reenacted in and by this Act, and had been made applicable to the Company hereby incorporated.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all Powers, Rights, Privileges, Pro- Provisions in visions, Matters, and Things reserved, contained, and granted in and

by any Act of Parliament (other than the said hereby repealed Acts) to tjlC dissolved or for the Benefit of or to be exercised by the hereby dissolved Com- Company pany, and not since repealed, shall, notwithstanding the Repeal of the not to 1)e said hereby repealed Acts, and the Dissolution of the said Company, j^c^f0fV be of the like Force, Operation, and Effect as if the same Acts had not this Act. been repealed, and shall appertain and attach to and be exercised and enforced by the Company hereby incorporated in as full and effectual and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the same Powers,

Rights, Privileges, Provisions, Matters, and Things respectively would have appertained and attached to or might or could have been exercised and enforced by the said dissolved Company in case this Act had not been passed.

XVIII. And whereas Plans and Sections showing the Line and Power to Levels of the said new Railway by this Act authorized to be made, Line*accord together with a Book of Reference to such Plans, containing the jngtodeposi-Names of the reputed Owners and Lessees and of the Occupiers ted Plans, of the Lands which may be required to be taken for the Purposes

thereof, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Durham: Be it enacted, That, subject to the Powers of Deviation contained in the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act,

1845, it shall be lawful for the said Company to make and maintain the Railway herein-after mentioned, with all proper Works and Conveniences connected therewith, in the Line delineated on the said Plans and Sections, and upon the Lands delineated on the said Plans and described in the said Books of Reference, and according to the Levels defined on the said Sections, and to enter upon, take, and use such of the Lands as shall be necessary for such Purpose.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the said new Line of Railway shall Line of commence by a Junction with the Stockton and Darlington Railway Ra,lway> at or near the East Side of the Yarn Station thereof, passing from,

in, through, or into the several Parishes, Townships, and extra-parochial or other Places of Egglescliffe, Preston, Stockton, and Stockton-on-Tees in the said County of Durham, and shall terminate by a Junction with the Stockton and Darlington Railway at or near the Three Quarters Mile Post of the said Railway in the said Township of Stockton and Parish of Stockton-on-Tees, all in the said County of Durham.

8 T

[ Local.]

718

A certain Road may be crossed on the Level.

Company to erect a Station or Lodge at Point of crossing, and to abide by Regulations of Commissioners of Railways.

Commissioners of Railways may require a Bridge to be erected in lieu of level Crossing.

Land for extraordinary Purposes.

Period for compulsory Purchase of Lands.

Period for Completion of Works.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liv.

XX. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, contained, in reference to the crossing of Roads on the Level, it shall be lawful for the Company, in the Construction of the new Line of Railway by this Act authorized to be made, to carry the same across the Highway described in the said Plans and Books of Reference as herein-after mentioned on the Level thereof; (that is to say,)

A Highway numbered 17 in the Township of Preston and Parish of Stockton-on- Tees.

XXI. And be it enacted, That for the greater Convenience and Security of the Public the Company shall erect and permanently maintain either a Station or Lodge at the Point where the said Railway crosses the before-mentioned Road on the Level; and the said Company shall be subject to and shall abide by all such Rules and Regulations with regard to the crossing of such Road on the Level, or with regard to the Speed at which Trains shall pass such Road, as may from Time to Time be made by the Commissioners of Railways; and if the said Company shall fail to erect or at all Times maintain such Station or Lodge, or appoint a proper Person to watch or superintend the Crossing at such Point or Station, or to observe or abide by any such Rule or Regulation as aforesaid, they shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds, and also to a daily Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Day such Offence shall continue after such Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall have been incurred.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Railways, if it shall appear to them to be necessary for the public Safety, at any Time, either before or after the Railway hereby authorized to be made shall have been completed and opened for public Traffic, to require the Company, within such Time as the said Commissioners shall direct, and at the Expense of the Company, to carry the herein-before mentioned Road either under or over the Railway by means of a Bridge or Arch, in lieu of crossing the same on the Level, or to execute such other Works as under the Circumstances of the Case shall appear to the said Commissioners the best adapted for removing or diminishing the Danger arising from such level Crossing.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to purchase any Quantity of Land for extraordinary Purposes, not exceeding Ten Acres, in addition to the Lands which the Company are authorized by the recited Acts to take for such Purpose.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Powers of the Company for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of this Act shall not be exercised after the Expiration of Three Years from the passing of this Act.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the said Railway hereby authorized shall be completed within Five Years from the passing of this Act, and on the Expiration of such Period the Powers by this Act

719

12" & 13" VICTORIA, liv.

granted to the Company for executing the same Railway shall cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the same Railway as shall then be completed.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Company shall abandon and relinquish such Portion of their Railway in the Townships of Eggles-cliffe, Preston, and Stockton, and Parishes of Egglescliffe and Stockton-on-Tees, in the County of Durham, as is already made and completed, but will be rendered unnecessary by reason of the new Line of Railway hereby authorized to be constructed in lieu thereof; provided that the Company shall not be required to abandon and relinquish the said Portion of Railway until the new Line of Railway by this Act authorized shall have been completed, and opened to the Public.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Company shall, within Five Years after the Railway by this Act authorized shall have been completed and opened to the Public, absolutely sell and dispose of all the Lands upon which the Portion of the existing Railway which they are herein-before required to abandon and relinquish now passes or is situate; and in default thereof all such Portions of the said Lands as shall remain unsold at the Expiration of such Period shall thereupon vest in and become the Property of the Owners of the Lands adjoining thereto, in proportion to the Extent of their Lands respectively adjoining the same; and the Provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the Sale of superfluous Lands, shall be applicable to the Land which the Company are herein-before required to sell and dispose of.

XXVIII. And whereas by the said recited Acts the said dissolved Company were authorized to raise by Shares or by Mortgage, or partly by Shares and partly by Mortgage, the Sum of Two hundred and fifty-two thousand Pounds: And whereas in pursuance of such Powers the said Company created One thousand Shares of the nominal Value of One hundred Pounds each, and Two thousand Shares of the nominal Value of Fifty Pounds each, making in the whole the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Company have also borrowed under the Powers of the said Acts or some of them the Sum of Fifty-two thousand Pounds, the whole of which still remains unpaid : And whereas the said dissolved Company, in addition to the said Sum of Two hundred and fifty-two thousand Pounds so raised by Shares and by Mortgage under the Provisions of the said Acts hereby repealed, raised divers other Sums of Money, which were expended by them in or upon their said Undertaking, and in providing Locomotive Engines, Carriages, Waggons, and other Works and Materials necessary for the effectual carrying on and working of their said Undertaking, and there now remains due and owing by the said Company of such additional Sums so raised the Sum of Three hundred and forty thousand Pounds or thereabouts : And whereas the said Company also raised the further Sum of One hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, which was advanced and paid for and towards the Construction of the Middlesbrough Dock herein-after mentioned, which Sum of One hundred and sixty thousand Pounds also remains

Company to abandon Part of Line already authorized.

Sale of Land on which Portion of Railway to be abandoned is situate.

Capital.

720

Calls.

Shares.

Proprietors ot' Shares in dissolved Company to be entitled to Shares in new Company.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liv.

due and owing by the said Company: And whereas the estimated Expense of constructing the new Line of Railway by this Act authorized is Twenty-five thousand Pounds, and it is expedient that the Company hereby incorporated should be authorized to raise Capital in Shares to the Amount of Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purpose of enabling them to pay off and discharge the Sums so owing by the Company hereby dissolved as aforesaid, and to the further Amount of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, for the Purpose of enabling them to construct the new Line of Railway herein-before mentioned: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company hereby incorporated to raise by the Creation of new Shares, in addition to the said Sum of Two hundred and fifty-two thousand Pounds authorized to be raised by the said recited Acts, the Sum of Five hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds; and the new Shares to be created by virtue of this Act shall be considered Part of the general Capital of the Company hereby incorporated: Provided always, that Five hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of Five hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds by this Act authorized to be raised, shall be applied exclusively in Payment and Discharge of the Sums so owing by the Company hereby dissolved as aforesaid, and the remaining Twenty-five thousand Pounds in the Construction of the new Line of Railway and Works by this Act authorized.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Five Pounds per Share shall be the greatest Amount of any One Call which the Company may make on the Shareholders in respect of the Money by this Act authorized to be raised, and Three Months at the least shall be the Interval between successive Calls.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the Capital of the Company shall be divided into Shares of the nominal Value of Twenty-five Pounds each,

XXXI. And be it enacted, That every Corporation or Person who at the Time of the passing of this Act shall be the Proprietor of One or more Shares of the nominal Value of One hundred Pounds in the Capital of the said dissolved Company shall be entitled to Four Shares in the Capital of the Company hereby incorporated in respect of each such Share; and every Corporation or Person who at the Time of the passing of this Act shall be the Proprietor of One or more Shares of the nominal Value of Fifty Pounds each in the Capital of the said dissolved Company shall be entitled to Two Shares in the Capital of the Company hereby incorporated in respect of each such Share; and such Shares are hereby vested in such Corporations and Persons respectively; and the full Amount of Twenty-five Pounds per Share shall be deemed to have been paid up upon each Share so vested in such Corporations or Persons, in substitution for the Shares held by them respectively in the Capital of the said dissolved Company, and it shall not be lawful for the Company hereby incorporated to make any Call or demand Payment of any Money in respect of any such Share.

12" & 13" VICTORIA, Cap. liv. 721

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all Corporations and Persons in New Shares whom any of the Shares to be created by virtue of this Act shall sa,s,eb^ect become vested under the Provisions aforesaid shall stand and be Trustsas old possessed of every such Share upon the same Trusts, and subject to Shares.

the same Powers, Provisions, Declarations, and Agreements, Charges and Incumbrances, as the Trusts, Powers, Provisions, Declarations, and Agreements, Charges and Incumbrances, upon and to which the Shares in the Capital of the said dissolved Company for which the Share or Shares in the Capital of the Company hereby incorporated was or were substituted was or were liable anil subject immediately before the passing of this Act, and so as to give effect to and not revoke any Will or other testamentary Instrument disposing of or affecting such Share or Shares in the Capital of the said dissolved Company.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Residue of the said Shares Allotment ot to be created by virtue of this Act shall be disposed of by the said Residue of Company to such Persons, in such Manner, and at such Times as the Shares-Company may think fit; and such Shares shall be entitled to the same rateable Dividends, neither more nor less, as the other Shares in the Company are entitled to; and the Money to be received by the Company in respect of such Shares shall be applied in discharging the existing Liabilities of the Company hereby dissolved, other than the

Money borrowed by them under the Authority of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to Company hereby incorporated, if they shall think fit, instead of raising borrow Part the whole of the said Sum of Five hundred and twenty-five thousand of the Money Pounds by the Creation of Shares, pursuant to the Provision herein- °"()e ort‘ before contained, to raise by the Creation of Shares Three hundred °

and eighty-two thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds only, and to borrow on Mortgage or Bond such Sum (not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and forty-two thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds) as shall from Time to Time be authorized to be borrowed by the Vote of a General Meeting of the said Company; and it shall be lawful for the said Company to secure the Repayment of the Money so borrowed by Mortgage or Bond, in the Manner and according to the Form prescribed by the " Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Company to borrow any Part of the said Sum of One hundred and forty-two thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds until the whole of the said Sum of Three hundred and eighty-two thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, in addition to the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, the present Share Capital of the Company, shall have been subscribed for or taken up, and One Half of the said Sum of Three hundred and eighty-two thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds shall have been paid up.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That if the Company shall pay oft' all In case ex-or any Part of the said Sum of Fifty-two thousand Pounds borrowed '*<-"6 plunder the Authority of the said recited Acts, as herem-before j>‘afd 0fttlie mentioned, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Company

may raise the Amount again.

Existing Mortgages to have Priority.

Mortgages, Transfers, &c. to be stamped.

Interest not to be paid on Calls.

Deposits for future Bills not to be paid out of Company’s Capital.

General Meetings.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liv.

Company and they are hereby authorized and empowered, immediately, or at any Time or Times and from Time to Time thereafter, again to raise or borrow the whole or any Part of the Amount so paid oft on the Credit of their Undertaking, and for that Purpose to mortgage and assign their Undertaking, and the Rates, Tolls, and other Property vested in or belonging to them, or any Part thereof respectively, (the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of the Money so to be raised,) as a Security for any Sum of Money which shall be so again raised or borrowed, with Interest, to such Person as shall advance the same, and so from Time to Time as often as the same shall happen, but so nevertheless that the Company shall not under the Authority of this Act in any event borrow or owe on Mortgage at any One Time more than One Third of their Share Capital for the Time being.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Mortgages or Bonds granted under the Authority of the Acts hereby repealed, and which shall be in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall during the Continuance thereof have Priority over any Mortgages or Bonds to be created by virtue of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That every Mortgage, Bond, or other Security for Money, and every Transfer of any Share, Stock, Mortgage, Bond, or other Security for Money, to be granted or made by virtue of this Act, shall be by Deed duly stamped, wherein the Consideration for the same shall be truly stated, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Company hereby incorporated, out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the said Company authorized to be raised by Calls in respect of Shares, or by the Exercise of any Power of borrowing, to pay Interest or Dividend to any Shareholder on the Amount of the Calls made in respect of the Shares held by him in the Capital by this Act authorized to be raised : Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained, shall be deemed to prevent the said Company from paying to any Shareholder such Interest on Money advanced by him beyond the Amount of the Calls actually made as shall be in conformity with the Provisions in the " Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," in that Behalf contained.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company, out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the said Company authorized to be raised for the Purposes of such Act or Acts, to pay or deposit any Sum of Money which by any Standing Order of either House of Parliament, now in force or hereafter to be in force, may be required to be deposited in respect of any Application to Parliament for the Purpose of obtaining an Act authorizing the said Company to construct any other Railway, or execute any other Work or Undertaking.

XL. And with respect to the General Meetings of the Company, be it enacted, That the First General Meeting of the Shareholders of

723

12° & 13° VICTORIA, liv.

the Company shall be held within One Month after the passing of this Act, and a General Meeting of the Company shall be held in the Months of February and August in every subsequent Year, and the Meetings so appointed to be held as aforesaid shall be called " Ordinary Meetingsand all Meetings, whether ordinary or extraordinary, shall be held at Darlington, or at such other Place as the Directors shall appoint.

XLI. And be it enacted, That in order to constitute a Meeting, Quorum, whether ordinary or extraordinary, there shall be present, either personally or by Proxy, Ten or more Shareholders holding in the aggregate Shares or Stock to the Amount of Twenty thousand Pounds.

XLII. And be it enacted, That at all General Meetings of the Voter. Company every Shareholder shall have One Vote for every Share up to Twenty, and an additional Vote for every Five Shares beyond the first Twenty Shares held by him : Provided always, that no Shareholder shall be entitled to vote at any Meeting, unless he shall have paid all the Calls then due upon the Shares held by him.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the Number of Directors shall Number and be Thirteen, and the Qualification of a Director shall be the Possession Qualification in his own Right of Twenty Shares in the Undertaking. of Directors.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company Power to to reduce the Number of Directors, provided that the reduced Y?ry *,le Number be not less than Seven, and again from Time to Time to oi^ectcTr increase the Number, provided that such increased Number do not exceed Thirteen.

XLV. And whereas Thomas Meynell the elder, Thomas Meynell First the younger, Joseph Pease, John Pease, Henry Pease, Thomas Rich- directors. ardson, Francis Gibson, Henry Pascoe Smith, John Castell Hopkins,

Henry Stobart, William Kitching, Alfred Kitching, and Isaac Wilson are the present Directors or Managing Committee of the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company: Be it enacted, That the said several Persons shall be the First Directors of the Company hereby incorporated.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the Directors appointed by this Election of Act shall continue in Office until the first Ordinary Meeting to be future held after the passing of this Act, and at such Meeting the Share- Directors-holders present, personally or by Proxy, may either continue in Office the Directors appointed by this Act or any Number of them, or may elect a new Body of Directors, or Directors to supply the Places of those not continued in Office, the Directors appointed by this Act being eligible as Members of such new Body; and at the first Ordinary Meeting to be held in every Year thereafter the Shareholders present, personally or by Proxy, shall elect Persons to supply the Places of the Directors then retiring from Office agreeably to tjjg Provisions in the * Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, lS4o, contained; and the several Persons elected at any such Meeting,

724

Quorum of Directors.

Committees of Directors.

Remuneration of Directors and Auditors.

Newspapers for Insertion of Advertisements.

Power to take Tolls.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liv.

being neither removed nor disqualified nor having resigned, shall continue to be Directors until others are elected in their Stead, in manner provided by the said Companies Clauses Consolidation Act.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That the Quorum of a Meeting of Directors shall be Three.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That the Number of Directors of which Committees appointed by the Directors shall consist shall be not less than Three nor more than Nine, and the Quorum of such Committees shall be Three.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That the Remuneration of the Directors and also of the Auditors to be appointed under the Provisions of the "Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," shall from Time to Time be fixed by a General Meeting of the Company, and be paid out of the Funds of such Company.

L. And be it enacted, That the Newspapers in which Advertisements relating to the Affairs of the Company are to be inserted shall be some One or more Newspaper or Newspapers published within the County of Durham.

LI. And be it enacted, That the Company hereby incorporated may lawfully demand and receive, in respect of Passengers, and of the several Articles, Goods, Matters, and Things, and of the several Descriptions of Animals, herein-after mentioned, conveyed on the said Railway, whether in Carriages belonging to the said Company or otherwise, any Tolls not exceeding the following; (that is to say,)

For all Dung, Compost, and all Sorts of Manure, Lime and Limestone, and all undressed Materials for the Repair of public Roads and Highways, per Ton per Mile One Penny Halfpenny:

For all Ironstone, Iron Ore, Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Rod Iron, Hoop Iron, Sheet Iron, and all other similar Descriptions of Wrought Iron not manufactured into Utensils or into other Articles of Merchandize, and for Lead Ore, Pitching and Paving Stones and other Kinds of Stone, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Clay, and Sand, per Ton per Mile Two-pence:

For all Sugar, Grain, Corn, Flour, Hides, Hemp, Dyewoods, Earthenware, Timber, Deals, Metals (except Iron), Nails, Anvils, Vices, and Chains, per Ton per Mile Two-pence Three Farthings:

For all Coals, Coke, Culm, and Cinders (except as herein-after mentioned) which shall be conveyed for Ten Miles, or for a greater Distance than Ten Miles, per Ton per Mile One Penny Three Farthings:

For the like Articles, Goods, and Things (except as herein-after mentioned) which shall be conveyed for a less Distance than Ten Miles, per Ton per Mile Two-pence:

For all Cotton and other Wools, Drugs, manufactured Goods, and all other Wares, Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things not before enumerated, per Ton per Mile Three-pence Halfpenny: o For

725

12" & 13" VICTORIA, liv.

For every Carriage, of whatever Description, and not being a Carriage adapted and used for travelling on a Railway, and not weighing more than One Ton, carried or conveyed on a Truck or Platform, and which shall be conveyed for a Distance exceeding Fifteen Miles, per Mile Five-pence:

For every such Carriage which shall be conveyed for only Fifteen Miles, or for a less Distance than Fifteen Miles, for the whole Distance, Seven Shillings and Sixpence:

And, per Mile, for every additional Quarter of a Ton or fractional Part of a Quarter of a Ton which any such Carriage may weigh. Two-pence:

For every Passenger conveyed in a First-class Carriage, per Mile Three-pence:

For every Passenger conveyed in a Second-class Carriage, per Mile Two-pence:

For every Passenger conveyed in a Third-class Carriage (except by the Government Trains), per Mile One Penny Farthing:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Draught or Burden conveyed for a Distance exceeding Twelve Miles, per Mile Five-pence:

For every such Animal which shall be conveyed for Twelve Miles or a less Distance, for the whole Distance, Five Shillings:

For every Ox, Cow, Bull, or Neat Cattle, conveyed for a Distance exceeding Twelve Miles, per Head per Mile, if One, Threepence, if more than One, Two-pence:

For every such Animal which shall be conveyed for Twelve Miles, or a less Distance, for the whole Distance, Two Shillings:

For every Calfi Pig, Sheep, Lamb, or other small Animal, conveyed for a Distance exceeding Twelve Miles, per Head per Mile One Penny:

For every such Animal which shall be conveyed for Twelve Miles or a less Distance, for the whole Distance, One Shilling.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the said Tolls Toll for shall be included the Toll for the Use of Engines for propelling the ProPe'llI)g Carriages on the said Railway, and that no further Charge than is Fower' herein-before stated shall be made by the Company hereby incorporated for the Use of such Engines; provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the Company hereby incorporated from charging any reasonable Sum for loading and unloading, and for providing Covers for Minerals, Goods, Articles, or Animals.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That for Coals, Coke, Tolls for Culm, and Cinders which shall be shipped on board of Vessels for Exportation, whether Foreign or Coastwise, it shall not be lawful for coders for the Company to charge any Tolls, Rates, or Dues exceeding the Exportation, following; (that is to say,) .

For all Coals, Coke, Culm, and Cinders which shall be intended tor Exportation, whether Foreign or Coastwise, per Ton per Mile Three Farthings:

726

Regulations as to Tolls:

Short Distances:

Fractional Part of a Mile:

Fractional Parts of a Ton:

General Weight: Weight of Stone and Timber.

Tolls for small Parcels and Articles of great Weight.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liv.

For the like Articles, Matters, and Things, if conveyed in Carriages belonging to the Company, but not propelled by Engines or other Power belonging to the Company, per Ton per Mile I hree Farthings and One Eighth of a Penny, in lieu of such last-mentioned Toll:

For the like Articles, Matters, and Things propelled by Engines or other Power belonging to the Company, but not conveyed in Carriages belonging to the Company, per Ton per Mile One Penny and One Eighth of a Penny, in lieu of the said before-mentioned Tolls:

If conveyed by Engines or other Power and Carriages belonging to the Company, per Ton per Mile One Penny Farthing, in lieu of the said before-mentioned Tolls, such 'loll of One Penny Farthing to include the Use of Carriages and Engines for propelling the Carriages on the Railway, and all other incidental Expenses, except a reasonable Charge for loading and unloading, where such Service is performed by the Company.

LIV. And be it enacted, That the following Provisions and Stipulations shall be applicable to the fixing of all the above-mentioned Tolls; (that is to say,)

For Persons or Articles conveyed on the Railway for a less Distance than Six Miles (except such Persons or Articles as shall have been or shall be conveyed either through a certain Tunnel called the Shildon Tunnel, or over the Inclined Planes on the Stockton and Darlington Railway called respectively the Black Bop Incline Plane, the Etherley Incline Plane, and the Brusselton Incline Plane, or any of them,) the Company hereby incorporated may demand the same Tolls as for Six Miles:

For a Fraction of a Mile less than a Mile, or beyond any integral Number of Miles, the said Company may demand Tolls on Goods, Articles, and Merchandize for such Fraction in proportion to the Number of Quarters of a Mile contained therein, and if there be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Mile such Fraction shall be deemed a Quarter of a Mile, and in respect of Passengers every Fraction of a Mile beyond an integral Number of Miles shall be deemed a Mile : For a Fraction of a Ton the Company may demand Tolls according to the Number of Quarters of a Ton in such Fraction, and if there be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Ton such Fraction shall be deemed a Quarter of a Ton:

With respect to all Articles, except Stone and Timber, the Weight shall be determined according to the usual Avoirdupois Weight: With respect to Stone and Timber, Fourteen Cubic Feet of Stone, Forty Cubic Feet of Oak, Mahogany, Teak, Beech, or Ash, and Fifty Cubic Feet of any other Timber, shall be deemed One Ton Weight, and so in proportion for any smaller Quantity.

LV. And with respect to small Packages, and single Articles of great Weight, be it enacted, That, notwithstanding the Rates of Tolls herein-before prescribed, the Company hereby incorporated may lawfully demand and receive the Tolls following; (that is to say,)

For any Parcel not exceeding Fourteen Pounds in Weight, for any Distance, Sixpence:

For

727

12° & 13° VICTORIA, liv.

For any Parcel exceeding Fourteen Pounds but not exceeding Twenty-eight Pounds in Weight, for any Distance, Two Shillings:

For any Parcel exceeding Twenty-eight Pounds but not exceeding Fifty-six Pounds in Weight, for any Distance, Two Shillings and Sixpence:

And for Parcels exceeding Fifty-six Pounds in Weight the Company may demand any Sum which they may think fit:

Provided always, that Parcels sent in large aggregate Quantities, although made up of separate Parcels, such as Bags of Sugar, Coffee, Meal, and the like, shall not be deemed small Parcels, but such Term shall apply only to single Parcels in separate Packages:

For the Carriage of any One Boiler, Cylinder, or single Piece of Machinery, or single Piece of Timber or Stone, or other single Article, the Weight of which, including the Truck or Carriage, shall exceed Four Tons but shall not exceed Eight Tons, the Company may demand and receive such Sum as they may think fit, not exceeding Sixpence per Ton per Mile:

For the Carriage of any single Piece of Timber, Stone, Machinery, or other single Article, the Weight of which, with the Carriage, shall exceed Eight Tons, the Company may demand and receive such Sum as they may think fit.

LVI. And be it enacted, That every Passenger travelling upon the said Stockton and Darlington Railway or any Branch thereof may take with him his ordinary Luggage, not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds in Weight for First-class Passengers, and One hundred Pounds in Weight for Second and Third Class Passengers, without any extra Charge being made for the Carriage thereof.

LVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to demand and receive, for and in respect of all Articles, Matters, or Things which shall pass over or along both Sides of or which shall be delivered on or discharged at the Summit of any One or more of the Inclined Planes upon the Railway and Branch Railways, or any of them, hereby vested in them, and known respectively as the Black Boy Incline Plane, the Etherley Incline Plane, and the Brusselton Incline Plane, such Sum as the Company shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence per Ton for and in respect of each of the said Inclined Planes, over and above or in addition to the other Tolls or Duties by this Act authorized to be taken : Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Company to charge the said Sum of Sixpence per Ton, or any Part thereof, or any other Toll exceeding the Tolls by this Act authorized for the other Portions of the Railway, in respect of any Articles, Matters, or Things which shall be conveyed along a Portion only of the said Inclined Plane called the Black Boy Incline, and which shall have passed or shall be intended to pass through the said Tunnel called the Shildon Tunnel.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to demand and receive, for the Tonnage of all Coals, Culm, Cinders, Stone Lime, and Manure whatsoever which shall be carried or conveyed’upon or over the Passage or Bridge erected under the Authority

Passengers

Luggage.

Tolls for passing Inclined Planes, &c.

Tolls for passing Passage or Bridge across the Tees.

728

Vesting Middlesbrough Dock in Railway Company.

Company to deposit with Clerk of the Peace a Plan and Duplicate of the Middlesbrough Dock, &c.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CapAW.

of the said fourthly herein-before recited Act across the River Tees, such Sum as the Company shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two-pence per Ton, over and above and in addition "to the other Tolls or Duties by this Act authorized to be taken.

LIX. And be it enacted, That (in consideration of the Sum of One hundred and sixty thousand Pounds so advanced and paid by the said dissolved Company as herein-before mentioned, and upon the Execution of a Deed or Conveyance, duly stamped for denoting the Payment of the full and proper Stamp Duty by Law payable in respect of the said Purchase or Consideration Money,) the aforesaid Dock at Middlesbrough in the North Riding of the County of York known as the Middlesbrough Dock, with all Tidal Basins, Entrances, Approaches, Ways, Railways, Lands, Wharfs, Staiths, Quays, Stations, Warehouses, and other Works and Conveniences, Easements, Rights, and Appurtenances, Engines, Machines, and Utensils whatsoever belonging thereto or connected therewith, and all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities in relation thereto, of the Persons who at the Time of the passing of this Act shall be the Owners of the said Dock, shall be vested in and belong to the Company hereby incorporated, for their absolute Use and.Benefit, but subject nevertheless to the existing Debts, Liabilities, Engagements, Contracts, Obligations, and Incumbrances affecting the same.

LX. And be it enacted, That the said Stockton and Darlington Railway Company shall and they are hereby required, within Two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, to deposit with the Clerk of the Peace for the North Riding of the County of York, who is hereby required to receive and keep the same in his Custody, a Plan, authenticated by the Signature of the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, on which shall be delineated the said Middlesbrough Dock, with all Tidal Basins, Entrances, Approaches, Ways, Railways, Lands, Wharfs, Staiths, Quays, Stations, Warehouses, and other Works and Conveniences whatsoever belonging thereto or connected therewith, and also a Duplicate of such Plan; and all Persons interested shall have Liberty to, and the said Clerk of the Peace is hereby required, at all reasonable Hours of the Day, to permit all such Persons to inspect, during a reasonable Time, and make Extracts from or Copies of the said Plan, on Payment by each Person to such Clerk of the Peace of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and the further Sum of One Shilling for every Hour during which such Inspection shall continue after the first Hour, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words copied therefrom; and it shall not be lawful for the said Stockton and Darlington Railway Company to purchase or take, under the Provision last herein-before contained, any other Lands or Property than such as are delineated upon the said Plan as the Lands and Property proposed to be purchased by or vested in the said Company, nor shall the Land so to be purchased exceed in Extent Sixty-three Acres, nor shall the Powers of this Act with reference to the Purchase of the said Middlesbrough Dock, Land and Property be exercised until such Plan shall have been so deposited.

12" & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liv. 729

LXI. And be it enacted, That the said Stockton and Darlington Junction Railway Company shall and they are hereby required, at all Times between after the Purchase of the said Middlesbrough Dock shall have been Darlington"' completed, to continue and keep open as Part of their Railway a Railway and good and sufficient Junction or Connexion between the Stockton and Railway Darlington Railway and the Railway proposed to be purchased under Jj^Qock* the Authority of this Act, at or near to the Place at which the June- to be c, tion or Connexion between the said Two Railways at present exists, tinued.

LXII. And be it enacted, That "The Harbours, Docks, and Powers of Piers Clauses Act, 1SP7>" shall, so far as the same is applicable, and H & l2 Vict. is not modified by this Act, or inconsistent with the Provisions thereof, be held to apply to the Company hereby incorporated, and to the \cct° Dock and other Works connected therewith or belonging thereto, by this Act vested in the said Company, and shall have the like Effect as if the said Dock and other Works had been by this Act authorized to be constructed: Provided always, that nothing in this Act, or in the said Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the Company to provide or keep any Life Boat, Mortar, or Rockets, or any Tide or Weather Gauge, until they shall be required so to do by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty; and upon any such Requisition being made the Clauses relating thereto contained in the said Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act shall as regards this Act be in full Force; and that nothing in this Act, or in the said Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, contained, shall extend to compel the Company to erect or keep any Watch-house, Boat-house, Hut, or weighing Materials for the Use of the Officers of the Revenue, until the Company shall be required so to do by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs in Writing, and upon any such Requisition being made the Clauses relating thereto contained in the said Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act shall as regards this Act be in full Force.

LXIII. And belt enacted, That from and immediately after the Power to said Middlesbrough Dock shall have been purchased by the said l®ke Dock Stockton and Darlington Railway Company it shall be lawful for the ates‘ Company to demand and receive for or in respect of the said Middlesbrough Dock, any Tolls, Rates, or Duties, not exceeding the Tolls,

Rates, or Duties following; (that is to say,)

For any Vessel using or entering the Dock, the Sum of Three Half-pence for every Ton Register Burden of such Vessel:

For all Coals, Lime, Coke, Culm, or Cinders, loaden or unloaden, or shipped or discharged, or landed, at or within the said Dock, the Sum of Two pence Halfpenny per Ton:

For all Lead, Iron, Ironstone, or any other Ores, Timber, Stone,

Bricks, Tiles, or other Goods, Articles, or Things, not exceeding Half a Ton in Weight, loaden or unloaden, or shipped or discharged, or landed, at or within the said Dock, the Sum of Twopence; and where the Weight thereof shall exceed Half a Ton but shall be less than One Ton, the Sum of Three-pence; and wdiere the Weight thereof shall amount to or exceed One Ton, the Sum of Four-pence per Ton.

730

As soon as Clarence Company have provided a Station, &c-at Sim Pasture, the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company required to deliver at and take from such Station, &c. Waggons, &c.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.Wv.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That as soon as the Clarence Railway Company shall have provided sufficient and proper Station Room, Sidings, Booking Places, or other Conveniences at or near to the Junction of the Clarence Railway with the Stockton and Darlington Railway at Sim Pasture, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Railways, the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company shall thenceforth, at all seasonable and proper Times, deliver at and take from such Stations, Sidings, or Booking Places, by locomotive Power in the ordinary Course of Railway Traffic, any Waggons, empty, or laden with Coals or other Minerals, or with Merchandize, which may be required by any Person or Persons whomsoever to be left at or taken from such Station, Sidings, or Booking Places, to or from any Station, Siding, or Booking Place on the said Stockton and Darlington Railway : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall make the said Stockton and Darlington Railway Company liable to take any such Waggons unless the same shall have been before collected for that Purpose at the Station, Siding, or Booking Place from which the same shall be required to be taken, to the Number of not less than Thirty-two at any One Time; provided also, that if any Difference shall at any Time arise between the said Companies relating to the Use or Management of the said Station Room, Siding, or Booking Places so to be provided at or near Sim Pasture, the same may be from Time to Time referred by either of the said Companies to the Commissioners of Railways, whose Order thereon shall be binding and conclusive between the Parties.

Saving

LXV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall

Rights of the prejudice, affect, or alter the Rights, Powers, and Privileges which Thirskftail- may now he exercised or enjoyed by the Leeds and Thirsk Railway way Com- Company under or by virtue of the several Acts relating to such pany. Company.

Railway

LXVI. And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of

Company to the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Provisions of Conveyance of the Mails by Railway; and another Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating Railways; and another Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance of Troops; and another Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to attach certain Conditiofis to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament, and for other Purposes in relation to Railways; and another Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her said present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways; and another Act was passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways: Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be held to exempt the Company hereby incorporated from the Provisions of the said several Acts respectively, but that such Provisions shall be in force in respect of the said Company, so far as the same shall be applicable thereto.

l & 2 Vict, c. 98.,

3 & i Vict, c. 97.,

5 & 6 Vict, c. 55.,

7 & 8 Vict, c. 85., and 9 & 10 Vict, cc. 57. 105.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. liv.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Company hereby incorporated from the Provisions of any general Act relating to Railways, or to the better and more effectual Audit of the Accounts of Railway Companies, now in force or which may hereafter pass during this or any future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision or Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Rates of Fares and Charges authorized by the said recited Acts or this Act.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and attending the passing of this Act, or incidental thereto, shall be paid by the Company or the Directors thereof out of the first Monies that shall come to their Hands, and in preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments and other Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to refer to and describe it by the Title of " The Stockton and Darlington Railway (Consolidation of Acts, Increase of Capital, and Purchase of the Middlesbrough Dock) Act, 1849."

LXX. And be it enacted, That wherever in this Act the Expression " the Railway" shall be used the same shall mean the Railways and Works by this Act vested in or authorized to be made by the Company hereby incorporated.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

731

Railway to be subject to Provisions of future general Acts.

Expenses of Act.

Short Title of Act.

Interpretation of Terms.

[Public Act.]

ANNO DUODECIMO & DECIMO TERTIO

VICTORIA REGINA.

* *3|f i|S' s(i i(t i(t#*.)(t 4(f

Cap. lv.

An Act to authorize the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company to make certain Branches to the River Dee, with Wharfs and other Conveniences connected therewith, to enter into Agreements for a Joint Station at Shrewsbury, and to subscribe towards the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway.

[13th July 1849.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for 7 & 8 Vict. making a Railway from the River Dee in the County of c. 99. the City of Chester to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to be called " The North Wales Mineral Railway," whereby a Company was incorporated under the Name and Style of " The North Wales Mineral Railway CompanyAnd whereas an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to 8 & 9 Vict. authorize the North Wales Mineral Railway Company to extend their c- 115-Line to Ruabon, and to make a Branch Railway from Rhos Robin to Minera, and to raise additional Capital for those Purposes: And whereas another Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the North Wales 9 & 10 Vict. c. 250.

734

8 & 9 Vict, c. 42.

9 & 10 Vict, c. 251.

9 & 10 Vict, c. 274.

9 & 10 Vict, c. 275.

10 & 11 Vict, c. 144.

Provisions of recited Acts extended to this Act.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CajjAv.

Mineral Railway Company to make certain Branches, and also to make a Deviation in their present Line of Railway: And whereas another Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for making a Railway from Shrewsbury in the County of Salop to Ruabon in the County of Denbigh, to be called "T’/te Shrewsbury, Oswestry, and Chester Junction Railway," and by the said Act a Company was incorporated under the Name and Style of "The Shrewsbury, Oswestry, and Chester Junction Railway Company:" And whereas an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Consolidation of the Shrewsbury, Oswestry, and Chester Junction and the North Wales Mineral Railway Companies, whereby the said Companies were consolidated under the Name of " The Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company And whereas another Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Shrewsbury, Oswestry, and Chester Junction Railway Company to make Railways to Crickheath and Wem, and to raise additional Capital for those Purposes: And whereas another Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Shrewsbury, Oswestry, and Chester Junction Railway Company to make an Extension into Shrewsbury, and certain Alterations and Deviations in their Line of Railway: And whereas another Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company to make certain Branches, and to provide Station Room and other Conveniences in the City of Chester, and to raise additional Capital for these Purposes, and for amending the former Acts relating to the said Company: And whereas the Railways and Works authorized to be made by the said recited Acts are now being made, and have been for the most Part completed, and opened for the Service of the Public: And whereas it would be of great public Advantage that the Branch Railways, and Piers, Wharfs, Shipping Places, and other Works herein-after described, should be made in connexion with the said Railway, and the said Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company are willing to carry such Undertaking into execution : And wdiereas it is also expedient that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts should be altered, amended, and enlarged, and further Powers granted to the Company; but these several Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions contained in the said several recited Acts, so far as the same are or may be applicable and are now in force, and except such of them as are by this Act repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for, or as may be inconsistent with this Act, or with such of the Provisions of the Companies Clauses Consolidation Acts, 184-5, the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1815, or of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1815, as are incorporated in the said recited Acts or this Act, shall extend to this Act and the several Purposes thereof, and to the several Matters and Things hereby authorized to be done, as fully and effectually as

6 if

735

12" & 13" VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

if the said Provisions were re-enacted in this Act in reference to such Purposes, Matters, and Things; and the said Acts and this Act shall be construed and read together as forming One Act.

[Short Title.]

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, Parliamentary Notices, and

other Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Shrewsbury and Chester Railway (Dee Branches) Act, 1849"

III. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions of the Companies 8 & 9 Vict.

Clauses Consolidation Act, 184-5, of the said Lands Clauses Consoli- £%q6-’s 1 *jjjr dation Act, 1845, and of the said Railways Clauses Consolidation as applicable, Act, 1845, which are applicable to and are not inconsistent with the tobecon-Provisions of this Act, shall be held to apply to the Purposes of this strued with Act, and be read and construed as forming Part of this Act. tllis Act‘

IV. And be it enacted, That the Provisions in the Harbour, Dock, Certain Pro-and Pier Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the Construction of such jo'^nJs1°vict Act, and to the Construction of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, the c. 27. incor-" Construction of Warehouses, Wharfs, and other Conveniences, the poratedwith Rates to be taken by the Undertakers, the Collection and Recovery this Act.

of Rates, the Appointment of Harbour Master, Dock Master, and Pier Master, and their Duties, the discharging of Vessels and the Removal of Goods, the Protection of the Harbour, Dock, and Pier, and the Vessels therein, from Fire or other Injury, the Bye Laws to be made by the Undertakers, the Tender of Amends, the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and of Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to Justices, and Access to the special Act, in so far as the same are applicable to the Piers and Works connected therewith hereby authorized to be made, and are not inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby incorporated with this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company Power to

to make and maintain the several Branch Railways, with all proper ™"j^®r"nch Works and Conveniences respectively connected therewith, as after anj mentioned; (that is to say,) Works.

A Branch Railway commencing from and out of the Line of the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway as authorized to be made at or near a certain Field numbered 59 in the Parish of Saint Mary-on-the-Hill in the County of the City of Chester on the Plans of the said Railway deposited in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-three with the Clerk of the Peace for saTd County of the City of Chester, and terminating in the said Parish of Saint Mary-on-the-Hill in the said County of the City of Chester at or near to the River Dee in or near to a certain Field or Parcel of Marsh Land belonging to the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River "Dee, and in the Occupation of William Roberts, which said intended Branch Railway will pass in or through or be situate within the said Parish of Saint Mary-on-the-Hill in the said County of the City of Chester:

736 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. Iv.

Also another Branch Railway, commencing by a Junction with the said proposed Branch first herein-before described at a Point One hundred Yards or thereabouts to the Eastward of the Low-water Wharf of the said Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company on the River Dee in the Parish of Saint M ary-on-the-Hill in the County of the City of Chester, and terminating on, in, or near to the River Dee at or near to a certain Gutter or Brook called Hallow Pool Gutter or Stoopbridge Gutter in the Township of SaUney and Parish of Hawarden in the County of Flint, which said last-mentioned Branch will pass in or through or be situated within the several Parishes, Townships, extra-parochial and other Places following; (that is to say,) Saint Mary-on-the-Hill in the County of the City of Chester, and Saltney and Hawarden in the County of Flint:

And also to make and maintain, in connexion with the said Branch Railways, all necessary and proper Sidings, Stations, Bridges, River Walls, Embankments, Piers, Quays, Wharfs, Jetties, Landing and Shipping Places, Sheds, Warehouses, Depots, Approaches, Communications, and other Works within the Limits of Deviation defined upon the Plans herein-after mentioned.

Works to be

VI. And whereas the estimated Expense of making the Branch constructed Railways and Piers and other Works connected therewith as aforesaid surplus1,Capi- ’s Thirty-five thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Shrewsbury tal of the 1 and Chester Railway have created and issued, under the Authority Company. of the said recited Acts or some of them, Shares to the Amount of One million two hundred and twenty-one thousand Pounds, upon which the Sum of Nine hundred and fourteen thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds have been actually paid up or called : And whereas the said Company are authorized by their said recited Acts to borrow the Sum of Three hundred and eighty-three thousand five hundred and thirty-two Pounds, but have only borrowed the Sum of Two hundred and sixty-nine thousand nine hundred and sixty Pounds, so that a further Sum of One hundred and thirteen thousand five hundred and seventy-two Pounds may still be borrowed by them on Bond or Mortgage : And whereas, in order to complete the whole other Works of the said Company already authorized to be made, and not yet completed, there will only be required the further Sum of Two hundred and forty-four thousand nine hundred and fifteen Pounds: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company either to raise the said Sum of Thirty-five thousand Pounds by Mortgage or Bond, so as nevertheless that the Money due and owing by the Company at any One Time on Mortgage or Bond, under the Provisions of this or the said recited Acts, shall not exceed in Amount One Third Part of the Capital of the Company in Shares for the Time being, or otherwise to raise the same by Calls upon the said surplus Capital subscribed for and authorized to be raised by them as aforesaid, or any Portion or Portions thereof, and to apply the same in the Construction and Maintenance of the said Railway and Works.

Interest not

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said to be paid on comp;iny> Out of the Money by this Act or any other Act relating to a span up. tj)c sajj Railway Company authorized to be raised by Calls in respect of

737

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CapAx.

of Shares, or by the Exercise of any Power of borrowing, to pay Interest or Dividends to any Shareholder on account of the Calls made in respect of the Shares held by him in the Capital by this Act authorized to be raised: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall be deemed to prevent the said Company from paying to any Shareholder such Interest on Money advanced by him beyond the Amount of the Calls actually made as shall be in conformity with the Provisions in the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, in that Behalf contained.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Deposits for Company, out of any Money by this Act or any other Act relating to the said Railway Company authorized to be raised for the Purposes pajd out of of such Act or Acts, to pay or deposit any Sum of Money which by the Com-any Standing Order of either House of Parliament, now in force or pany’sCa-hereafter to be in force, may be required to be deposited in respect of pita1, any Application to Parliament for the Purpose of obtaining an Act authorizing said Company to construct any other Railway or execute any other Work or Undertaking.

IX. And be it enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions in the said recited Acts contained in regard to the borrowing and reborrowing of Money, the Creation of new Shares, and Augmentation of Capital instead of borrowing, or relating to or in anywise affecting Mortgages and Bonds, and Assignments and Transfers thereof, or the several Mortgagees and Bond Creditors or Transferees, shall extend and be applicable to the said Sum of Thirty-five thousand Pounds hereby authorized to be raised, and the Branch Railways and Works hereby authorized, in the same Manner and to the same Extent as the same are applicable to the Sums authorized to be raised by the said recited Acts and the Works thereby authorized, or as if the said Sum of Thirty-five thousand Pounds had been raised for and applied to the Purposes of the said recited Acts.

Provisions of recited Acts in regard to borrowing to extend to Capital and Works hereby authorized.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Mortgages and Mortgages Bonds already granted under the Powers of the said recited Acts or under former any of them shall have Priority over the Mortgages to be granted iViorhV^ under the Powers of this Act.

XI. And whereas Plans and Sections of the said Branch Railways, Branch Piers, and Works connected therewith, showing the Lines and Levels Raj™ayf and Situation thereof respectively, and the Limits within which the be made"10 same are to be constructed, and also a Book of Reference containing according to the Names of the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers, or reputed Owners deposited and Lessees and Occupiers of Lands or Buildings through which the Plaiis-same are intended to pass, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the City of Chester and County of the same City: Be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions in this and the said recited and incorporated Acts contained, it shall be lawful for the said Company to make and maintain the said Branch Railways, Piers, and Works connected with the same respectively in the Lines and Situation and upon the Lands delineated on the said Plans and described in the said Books of Reference, and according to the Levels defined

738

Works to be constructed according to Plan deposited at the Admiralty.

Company to remove Part of Point of Land opposite the Cheese Warehouse.

In the event of Docks being hereafter constructed, Company to permit Accesses from the River to be made across the Railway'.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

on the said Sections, and, within the Limits aforesaid, to make and maintain such Piers, Quays, Landing Places, Approaches, Wharfs, and other Works and Conveniences as they may think necessary for more effectually working the Traffic of the said Shrewsbury and Chester Railway or otherwise, and to enter upon, take, and use such of the said Lands and Buildings as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Wharfs, Piers, Jetties, or other Works to be made and executed under the Powers of this Act shall not extend into the River Dee beyond the Line showing the Top of the proposed River Wall as drawn and described by a Line marked Z Z Z on a Plan deposited at the Admiralty Office, and signed by David Stevenson and Henry Robertson, Civil Engineers, without the Authority and Consent of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of the Lord High Admiral; and the said Wharfs, Piers, Jetties, or other Works in, upon, or affecting the River Dee shall be constructed according to Plans and Working Drawings, to be in the first instance, and before the Commencement of the said Works, approved of by the said Lord High Admiral or by the said Commissioners, such Approval to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty; and in the event of the Company being authorized and permitted by the said Lord High Admiral or by the said Commissioners to construct any Part or Parts of the proposed Wharfs, Piers, or Jetties so as that the same shall extend into the River Dee beyond the said Line, they shall be bound, at any Time when required by the Admiralty so to do, at their own Expense, to remove so much of the said Works as shall extend into the River as aforesaid, if the same shall in the Opinion of the Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners be found to injure or interfere with the Navigation of the River.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Company shall cut off and wholly remove so much and such Part of the projecting Point or Angle of Land opposite the Cheese Warehouse as they may find necessary to supply them with Materials for the Earthwork of the Embankment of the Branch Railway adjoining thereto hereby authorized, and they shall do so according to such Line and in such Manner as shall be previously approved of by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, such Approval to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in the event of Docks being at any future Time constructed or authorized to be constructed within the Line of the said Railway, the said Company shall be bound to suffer and permit, and to afford all reasonable Facilities for enabling the Person or Persons, Company or Companies, by whom such Docks shall be promoted and undertaken, to open up, make, and construct all such Entrances, Locks, and Gates through and across the said Railway as shall be determined by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High

739

12" & 13° VICTORIA, Cfep.lv.

Admiral, to be requisite and sufficient for Access to the said Docks from the River, which Entrances, Locks, and Gates shall not only in the first instance be made and constructed by the Person or Persons, Company or Companies, promoting and undertaking the said Docks, but shall also from Time to Time be altered, amended, repaired, and maintained by them, and at their Expense, to the Satisfaction of the Engineer for the Time being of the said Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company, and in such Manner and Form and by such Ways and Means as shall not in anywise prejudice, impede, obstruct, or interfere with the free, uninterrupted, and safe Passage along the said Railway; and the Person or Persons, Company or Companies, so promoting and undertaking the said Docks, shall have no Power, either permanently or temporarily, to enter upon, take, or use any of the Land or Property of the said Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company, or in any Manner to vary, alter, or interfere with the said Shrewsbury and Chester Railway, or any of the Works appertaining thereto, save only for the Purpose of making, constructing, and maintaining the said Entrances, Locks, or Gates in the event aforesaid.

XV. And be it enacted, That during the Construction of the said Jetties or either of them, and Works connected therewith, the said Company shall, if required by the Admiralty, cause to be hung out or exhibited every Night from Sunset to Sunrise a Light, to be kept burning by and at the Expense of the Company, for the Navigation and safe Guidance of Vessels, and for ever after the Completion of the said Jetties or either of them the said Company shall cause to be hung out or exhibited upon each of the said Jetties every Night from Sunset to Sunrise a good and sufficient Light, to be kepi burning by and at the Expense of the Company, for the Navigation and safe Guidance of Vessels, and which Light or Lights shall be from Time to Time altered by the said Company in such Manner and be of such Description and be so used as the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall by Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty approve of; and in case the said Company shall neglect to exhibit and keep either of such Lights burning as aforesaid they shall forfeit and pay for every such Neglect the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if after Working Drawings of the Works in or affecting the River Dee or the Banks thereof or the Approaches thereto, hereby or by the said recited Acts or any of them authorized, shall have been submitted to the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, it shall be deemed expedient by him or them to order a local Survey and Examination of such Works, or of the intended Site thereof the Company shall defray the Costs of such local Survey and Examination, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due to Her Majesty from the Company, and, if not paid upon Demand, may be recovered as a Debt due to the Crown, with the Costs of Suit, or may be recovered, with Costs, as a Penalty is or may be recoverable from the Company.

Lights, if required by the Admiralty, to be hung out on the Jetties after Nightfall.

Expenses of local Surveys ordered by the Admiralty to be paid by the Company.

7-JO 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

Lands for

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Extent of Land to be taken by nXJraprur" the Company for extraordinary Purposes shall not exceed Twenty poses. Acres, in addition to the Lands authorized to be purchased by the said recited Acts for similar Purposes.

Period for

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Powers of the Company for compulsory the compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of this Act shall Lands3Se ° not exercised after the Expiration of Three Years from the passing limited. of this Act.

Period for the

XIX. And be it enacted, That the said Branch Railways, Piers,

of Works°n ant^ Mrorks connected with the same respectively shall be completed 0 °r " within Seven Years from the passing of this Act; and on the Expiration of the said Period the Powers by this or the said recited Acts granted to the Company for executing the said Railways, or otherwise in relation thereto, shall cease to be exercised, except as to so much of the said Railways and Works as shall then have been completed.

Works within High-water Mark authorized by the Company’s original Act to be subject to the Approval of the Admiralty.

XX. And whereas the said Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company were by the first herein-before recited Act authorized to make and construct Wharfs upon the River Dee within the Limits specified in the Plans deposited with reference to the said Act, and the said Company intends, in the Exercise of the Powers thereby conferred upon them, to extend the Wharfs and Landing Places already constructed by them, and to erect certain other Wharfs and Landing Places: Be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to construct any Works from and after the passing of this Act beyond the said Line marked Z Z Z on the said Plan deposited at the Admiralty as aforesaid, under the Powers of the said hereinbefore first above-recited Act, without the previous Consent of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, and then only according to such Plans and under such Conditions as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may approve of, such Approval being signified as aforesaid.

Alterations

XXI. And be it enacted, That any cutting, embanking, or other Embank"' ^or^s which in making the said Railway may be necessary in, ments'of"the through, over, upon, or under the Embankments on the South Side River Dee of the River Dee, which are now repaired by or are under the t<> be subject Management of the Trustees acting in the Execution of the Purposes 'irovai of Ybe an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Trustees Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually the Saltney maintaining and keeping in repair the Embankment and other Marsh Em- Works on the South Side of the Channel of the River Dee within bankment. f/ie parjsiL 0/ Ha warden in the County of Flint, and for erecting and keeping in repair other Embankments and Works, to prevent Injury being done as well to the Allotments of Land made by virtue of an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty from a certain Common called Saltney Marsh, as also to certain Lands the Property of Sir Stephen Glynne Baronet, shall be made with the Appro'S bation

741

12" & 13" VICTORIA, Ctyj.lv.

bation and in all respects to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees and their Surveyor, and not otherwise, and in such a Manner as not to injure the same Embankments, or weaken or impair the Efficiency thereof for the Purposes for which the same were and are constructed and maintained, and in such a Manner as as not to injure or impair, the Sluices and Floodgates therein, nor any of the Works under the Management or Control of the same Trustees; and that nothing in this Act contained shall interfere with the Purposes of the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or of any Act therein recited or noticed; and further, that the said Company shall make good all Damage to the said Embankments, Sluices,

Floodgates, and other Works occasioned by the Construction of the said Railway or any other of the Works of the said Company, or by the Acts or Defaults of the same Company, their Contractors, Agents,

Servants, or Workmen, and shall and will bear, pay, and defray all Costs, Charges, and Expenses in relation to the said Embankments,

Sluices, Floodgates, and other Works, under the Management or Control of the said Trustees, which shall or may be caused or arise by, from, or in consequence of the Construction of the said Railway, or any of the Works hereby authorized, and shall and will effectually indemnify the said Trustees from all Damages, Losses, Costs, Charges, and Expenses in respect or on account thereof.

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any of the Works to be con- Worksacross structed by the Company within Low-water Mark upon the River ,lie l{lver Dee, or if any Portion of the Works which affect such River, shall be d^ned^mlv abandoned by the Company, it shall be lawful for the Lord High be removed Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High bytheAdmi-Admiral, to abate and remove the same, or such Part or Parts thereof ralty> at Kx‘ as he or they may at any Time or Times deem fit and proper, and to Coinnan"1,16 restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Cost and Charge of the Company, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt from the Company to the Crown, and be recoverable accordingly.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Company may, subject to Company to the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the Tenth Year of gamV'folls the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled " The Shrewsbury and as on ,i,e * Chester Railway Act, 1846," lawfully demand and receive, in respect Main Line, of the said Branch Railways hereby authorized to be made, for or in 9& lOVict. respect of all Articles, Matters, and Things conveyed upon the same c. 251. or any Part thereof respectively, and in respect of all Beasts, Cattle, and Animals conveyed in Carriages, and for Carriages conveyed on the same or any Part thereof respectively, and for or in respect of Locomotive Engines or other Power supplied by the Company, anil for the Conveyance upon the said Railway or any Part thereof respectively, in Waggons or Carriages belonging to the Company, of any Cattle or other Animals, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Articles,

Metals, and Things, such Amount of Rates, Tolls, or other Charges as by the said recited Act the Company are authorized to demand and receive; and all Provisions and Regulations in the said recited Act contained relative to the Imposition and Collection and Recovery of Tolls, as also the Powers for leasing Tolls granted by the Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

742 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. Iv.

8 & 9 Vict, intituled "The Shrewsbury, Oswestry, and Chester Junction Railway c>421 Act, 1845," shall extend and be applicable to the Tolls to be levied

by virtue of this Act.

Rates pay-

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company ableonShips. demand, for every Vessel using or loading or unloading at the said Piers or any of them, any Sum for every 'Ion Measurement of such Vessel, not exceeding the Rates mentioned in Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed; and every such Rate shall be payable by the Master of such Vessel.

Rates to be leviable although the whole Works be not completed.

Rates to be paid as specified in Schedule

(B.)

Rates to be charged for the Use of Warehouses, Cranes, and Weighing Machines.

XXV. And be it enacted, That so soon as any of the Piers and other Works hereby authorized shall be certified by a Certificate under the Hand of the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the County of Chester, in the Manner provided by the Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 184*7, to be completed and fit for the Reception, loading, or unloading of Vessels, it shall be lawful for the Company to demand the aforesaid Rates for every Vessel using the same, although the whole of the said Piers and other Works hereby authorized shall not then have been completed.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to demand for all Goods mentioned in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, which shall be shipped or unshipped, received or delivered, at the said Piers or either of them, any Sums not exceeding the several Rates in the said Schedule (B.) specified with respect to such Goods respectively; and as to all such Goods as shall not be specified in the said Schedule, the Company may demand a Rate equal to the Rate for the Time being payable in respect of Goods of a similar Nature, Package, and Quality; and every such Rate shall be payable by the Owner of the Goods.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company to demand, for the Use of any of their Warehouses, Wharfs, Cranes, and Weighing Machines, of and from the Owner or Person having the Charge of any Goods deposited therein, or loaded, unloaded, or weighed by means thereof, such reasonable Rates as the Company shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the several Rates in Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed.

Power to

XXVIII. And with a view to public Convenience, and the more treat and effectual working of the Traffic of the said Shrewsbury and Chester ceruaofCom' ^a^way Company, and the other Companies after mentioned, (that panies as to ‘s to say>) die Shrewsbury and Birmingham Railway Company, in-the Shrews- corporated by the " Shrewsbury and Birmingham Railway Act, bury Station. 184*6," the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company, incorporated by the " Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Act, 1846," and the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway Company, incorporated by the " Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway Act, 1846," be it enacted, That Arrangements and Agreements may be made between the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company and all or any of the same Companies for the Formation, Maintenance, Arrangement, Management, and joint Use of a joint Station at or near Shrewsbury, 7 for

743

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

for the Accommodation of Passengers (and for other Purposes connected with the respective Traffic of the Companies Parties to any such Arrangement and Agreement); and that it shall be lawful for the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company, and all or any of the said other Companies, to give effect to, and from Time to Time to alter, vary, or renew, such Arrangements and Agreements as may have been or may be made between them for the Purpose of making, constructing, or arranging the said Station, and for the Regulation, Management, and Use thereof, as to the said Companies shall seem meet for the public Accommodation, and to do or concur in all Acts necessary for the Purposes aforesaid; and that it shall also be lawful for any of the said Companies, under the Powers of their Acts, to purchase Lands, and hold them for the joint Use and at the joint Disposal of themselves and the said other Companies, and for the same Companies to raise and pay the Purchase or Consideration Money for the same, and to sell and dispose of superfluous Lands so acquired, and apply the Proceeds of such Sales for the Benefit of the same Companies, in the Proportions in which they respectively contributed to the Purchase thereof; and that it shall be lawful for the same Companies to appoint a joint Committee for the Regulation and Management of the joint Station, and to agree on Regulations as to the Appointment and Duties of such joint Committee, and to depute to such joint Committee Powers to agree, and from Time to Time to vary or rescind Regulations respecting the Management and Use of such joint Station; and that in case any of the said Companies shall have purchased or acquired Land for the said joint Station, such Company shall hold such Land as shall have been so acquired, and as shall be used for the said joint Station, in trust for the joint Use of the same Companies, upon such Terms as have been or may be agreed upon, and the Company who shall not have purchased the same shall contribute and pay to the Company who purchased such Land such Portion of the Purchase or Consideration Money, and other Expenses incurred in acquiring the same, as has been or shall be agreed upon.

XXIX. And whereas by an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Power to Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty a Company was incorpo- contribute to rated under the Name and Style of " The Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway Company, for making a Railway from Shrewsbury to Here- Hereford ford:" And whereas the said Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway is Railway, intended to communicate at Shrewsbury with the Line of the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway: And whereas it is expedient that the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company should be authorized to hold Shares in the said Company : Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company, with the Consent of a Majority of not less than Three Fifths of the Votes of the Proprietors present, personally or by Proxy, at an Extraordinary Meeting convened for the Purpose, to subscribe towards and to purchase and hold Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway Company, authorized to be raised under the said recited Act, to an Amount not exceeding the Sum of Seventy-five thousand Pounds; and it shall be lawful for the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway Company, with the Consent of a like Majority of J ‘ their

744

Company authorized to enter into Arbitration ot' Disputes as to Branch to the Plas Madoc Colliery.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

their Shareholders at a Meeting convened as aforesaid, to issue Shares to the said Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company not exceeding the said Amount; and it shall be lawful for the said Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company to apply any Part of the Monies which they are already authorized to take up by Subscription or borrowing in the Purchase of the said Shares and Payment of the Calls thereon, or otherwise to raise all or any Part of the said Sum of Seventy-five thousand Pounds authorized to be subscribed by them as aforesaid, by the Creation of new Shares or Stock in their Undertaking, for such Amount and according to such Terms and Conditions as may have been determined upon, or as may hereafter be determined upon by such Company at any General Meeting of the Proprietors thereof specially convened for the Purpose; or it shall be lawful for the said Company, if they shall think fit, with the Consent of their Proprietors convened as aforesaid, to raise the Sums agreed to be subscribed by them for the Purpose aforesaid, or any Portion thereof, by Mortgage of their Undertaking, in like Manner and under and subject to the same Provisions in regard to raising Money by Mortgage as the said Company is authorized to raise Money by under all or any of the said recited Acts: Provided always, that the said Sum of Seventy-five thousand Pounds, when paid to the said Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway Company, shall be applied by them solely to and upon the Objects and Purposes authorized by the said Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her present Majesty; and provided further, that the said Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company shall not by such Means increase the Amount which may be owing at any One Time on Mortgage of their Undertaking beyond the Limits authorized by the said recited Acts; and provided also, that in the event of the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company raising all or any Part of the said Sum of Seventy-five thousand Pounds by the Creation of preference or guaranteed Stock, the preference or guaranteed Stock already created and issued by them shall have Priority over such said last-mentioned preference Stock.

XXX. And whereas by certain Articles of Agreement bearing Date the Eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and made between the North Wales Mineral Railway Company of the one Part, and George Hammond Whalley of Serjeant's Inn, Fleet Street, in the City of London, Esquire, the Receiver appointed in certain Causes, Youde versus Jones and others, in Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery at. Westminster, of the other Part, it was among other things agreed, for the Considerations and upon the Conditions in the said Articles of Agreement mentioned, that the said Company should make, construct, and keep up a Branch Railway from the Railway across the Plas Madoc Estate to the Mines upon the said Estate : And whereas certain Disputes and Differences have arisen between the Parties to the said Agreement, in regard to the Import and Effect of the same, so far as relates to the making and constructing of the said Branch Railway, and the Direction thereof, and they have agreed to submit and refer such Disputes and Differences to Arbitration : Be it enacted, That the said Disputes and Differences shall from Time to Time be determined by Arbitration in the Manner prescribed by the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act,

1815,

7 45

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

1845, for the Settlement of Disputes by Arbitration : Provided always, that in case the said Company shall not within Three Months after the Delivery of the Award by the Arbitrator, and after a Request in Writing to that Effect by the said George Hammond Whalley, complete and open for Traffic the said Branch Railway, they shall pay Twenty Pounds to the said George Hammond Whalley for every Week during which such Branch Railway shall, from any Default of the said Company, remain uncompleted.

XXXI. And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Railways to Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide fur the be subject m Conveyance of the Mails by Railway; and another Act was passed in

the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act C. 9H, for regulating Railways; and another Act was passed in the Sixth 3*4 Vict. Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for the better c- !)7., Regulation of Railways, and fur the Conveyance of Troops; and 'lct" another Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her said 7 & s’Vict. Majesty, intituled An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Con- c. 85., and struction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any 9 & 1° V|ct. Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament, and for other cc' 10 ,‘ Purposes in relation to Railways; and Two other Acts were passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her said present Majesty, the one intituled An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways, and the other intituled An Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways: Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be held to exempt the said Branch Railway, or the Company, from the Provisions of the said several Acts respectively, but that such Provisions shall be in force in respect to the said Branch Railways and Company, so far as the same shall be applicable thereto.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Railways to contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Railways by be subject t<> this or the said recited Acts authorized to be made from the Provisions of any general Act relating to such Acts, or of any general rai Acts. Act relating to Railways, now in force or which may hereafter pass during the present or any future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Rates of Fares and Charges authorized by this Act or by the said recited Acts.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That Saving the nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend Rights of the to alienate, defeat, lessen, prejudice, or derogate from any Estate, ro"n' Right, Title, Interest, Franchise, Prerogative, or Authority of or pertaining to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, in right of Her Crown or otherwise.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That in this Act the following Words Interpreta-and Expressions shall have the Meanings hereby assigned, unless ‘I,10,^0cftTern13 there be anything in the Subject or Context repugnant to such In Construction; (that is to say,)

The Words " Person" and " Parties" shall extend to Corporations, whether aggregate or sole:

746 12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

The Expressions " the Piers," or " the said Piers," shall be understood to mean the Piers authorized to be constructed by this Act, and to include as well the Piers as the Wharfs, Quays, Landing Places, Communications, Entrances, and Outlets connected therewith authorized by this Act:

The Expression "the said recited Acts" shall mean the Acts of Parliament relating to the " North Wales Mineral Railway Company," the " Shrewsbury, Oswestry, and Chester Junction Railway Company," and the " Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company :"

The Expression " the Company " shall mean " the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company."

Expenses of

XXXV. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and

Act- Expenses of and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, or

incidental thereto, shall be paid by the Directors of the said Company out of the first Monies that shall come to their Hands, and in preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

[Public Act.]

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

747

SCHEDULE (A.)

Of Tonnage Rates.

KATES.

£ s. d.

For every Ship clearing for any Port in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man, per Ton - 0 0 2

For every Ship clearing for any Port in Europe, or for any Port in the British Possessions and United States in North America, per Ton-- 0 0 2

For every Ship clearing for any other Port or Place than above specified, per Ton - - - - - 0 0 4

For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port in the United Kingdom or in the Isle of Man, per Ton ... 0 0 2

For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place in Europe between Ushant and the Naze in Norway, except the Ports in the Baltic Sea, per Ton - - - - 0 0 4

For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place in the Baltic Sea, or between Ushant and the Straits of Gibraltar, or between the Naze and the North Cape, per Ton 0 0 6

For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place within the Straits of Gibraltar, or to the East of the North Cape, or in Madeira, the Azores, or North America South of Davis’s Straits, per Ton 0 0 8

For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place in Africa between the Straits of Gibraltar and the Cape of Good Hope, or from the Canaries, Cape de Verd Islands, or St Helena, per Ton 0 1 0

For every Ship with a Cargo from the West Indies, the East Coast of South America, Greenland, or Davis’s Straits, per Ton 0 1 6

For every Ship with a Cargo from any Port or Place Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope or Westward of Cape Horn, per Ton - 0 2 6

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Schedule of Rates or Tolls on Goods.

Agates, per Package. (See Precious Stones.) Alabaster. (Sec Marble.)

Ale, Porter, or Beer, per Butt or Puncheon per Hogshead per Barrel per smaller Cask bottled, in Packages, per per Dozen Pints Alkali, per Ton ...

Alkanet Root, per Cwt. ... Almonds, per Tierce ... per Barrel -

per Bag or Box Aloes, per Cwt.

Alum, per Ton -

Alva Marina or Sea Grass, per Ton

Amber and Beads, per Package

rough, per Ton Ambergriss, per Package Anchors. (See Iron.)

Anchovies, per Keg -

Angelica Root, per Cwt.

Annatto in Casks, per Cwt.

in Boxes or Baskets, per Cwt. Aniseed, per Ton

Antimony, per Ton ...

Ore, per Ton ... Apples, per Hogshead -

per Tierce ... per Barrel, Box, or Basket per Sieve or Half Basket loose, per Barrel ... Algol, per Ton ...

Arrowroot, per Cwt. ... Arsenic, per Cwt. -

Assafcetida, per Cwt. ... Ashes, per Ton -

Asphaltttm, per Ton -

Asphalte Pavement, per Cwt.

Dozen Quarts

Bacon, per Hogshead ...

per Tierce ....

per Bale .... loose, per Ton ...

Baggage, for small Package under 56 Pounds per Package, 56 Pounds and under 2 Cwt. per Package, 2 Cwt. and upwards Bagging, per Piece ....

HATES.

£ s. d.

0 0 4

- 0 0 3

- 0 0 2

_ 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 9

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 9

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 6

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 2

_ 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 2

- 0 1 0

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 4

. 0 0 2

- 0 0 I

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 8

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 I

- 0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 3

. 0 0 6

0 0 4

- 0 0 2

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 o

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 1

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap.br.

74!)

RATES.

Bags, empty, per Score ....

Bags of Goods not enumerated, per Bag - ...

Ballast, Sand, Earth, or Gravel, per Ton ...

Bales, Cases, Casks, Trusses, or other Packages of Cottons, Linens, or Woollens, not exceeding 8 Feet, per Package

upwards of 8 Feet to 25 Feet inclusive, per Package upwards of 25 Feet to 55 Feet inclusive, per Package upwards of 55 Feet, per Package, and so in proportion Balsam, per Cwt. -

Bamboos. (See Canes, Ground Rattans.)

Barilla, per Ton -

Bark, Medicinal, per Cwt.

Tanners, per Ton ....

Barley in Bulk. (See Grain.)

Pearl, per Tierce - - - ...

per Barrel, Bag, or Keg -

Baskets, per large Bale or Case ...

per middle ditto, ditto - - ...

per small ditto, or Bundle of Goods not enumerated large, each ....

small or empty, each - - ...

Beads. (See Bugles.)

Beans in Bulk. )See Grain.)

Bedsteads, each ...

Beef and Pork, per Tierce -

per Barrel -

per Tub or Kit -

Beer. (See Ale and Beer.)

Spruce, per Keg - - - ...

Bees Wax, per Ton

Bellows, Smiths, per large Pair - - ...

per middle ditto ....

Benjamin. (See Gum.)

Berries, Juniper, per Ton -

Betel Nuts, per Ton -

Biscuits, per Cwt.

Blackband. (See Iron Ore.)

Blacking. (See Cases and Casks.)

Black Lead. (See Lead.)

Bones, Shank, per Ton -

old, per Ton -

Whale Jaw, per Ton -

Books, per Cwt.

Boots and Shoes, per Hogshead

per Case or Tierce .... per Box -

Boracic Acid, per Ton

Borax, per Ton - " ' " ,

Bottles, empty, loose Glass or Stone Pints and Quarts, per Gross -1 to 5 Gallons, each -5 to 10 Gallons, each Hamper or Crate, each Boxes, empty, each Bran, per Sack Brandy. (See Spirits.)

Brass, per Ton

[.Local.] 9 &

£ s. d.

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 8

0 0 2

0 0 to

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 8

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 1 0

0 0 8

0 0 4

0 1 0

0 0 10

0 0 1

0 1 0

0 0 8

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 0 3

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 1 0

750

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

RATES.

Bricks, common, per Thousand - - - - £ 0 s. 0 d. 6

Bath and Fire, per Thousand ... - 0 0 9

Slabs, for Flues and Floors, per Thousand - 0 1 0

Brimstone, per Ton - - 0 1 0

Bristles, per Ton - 0 1 0

Bronze. (See Brass.)

Brooms, Hair, per Bale - - - 0 0 1

Birch, or other, per Gross - - 0 0 3

Bugles, 20 Feet and under, per Package - - - 0 0 4

2 L Feet and upwards, per Package - 0 0 6

Bullion, per Package of j£T()0 in Value - 0 0 6

Bulrushes, per Load of 63 Bunches - - 0 0 8

Bundles of Goods not enumerated:—

large, each - 0 0 2

small, each - 0 0 1

Buoys, each - 0 1 0

Butter, per Firkin . 0 0 1

in larger Casks, per Ton - - - - - 0 1 3

Grease, per Ton ... - - 0 0 8

Cables, Hempen or Coil, per Ton - 0 1 8

Caen Stone. (See Marble.)

Camels Hair, per Cwt. - . 0 0 2

Camphor, per Cwt. - 0 0 1

Cane Juice. (See Molasses.)

Canella Alba, per Cwt. « 0 0 1

Canes, common Rattan, per 1,000 - 0 0 3

Ground Rattan, or Walking Sticks, per 1,000 _ 0 0 9

Cannons. (See Iron.)

Cantharides, per Cwt. - - - _ 0 0 2

Canvass, per Dozen Bolt .... 0 0 3

Caoutchouc. (See India Rubber.)

Capers, per Cwt. . 0 0 1

Cardamons, per Cwt. - 0 0 1

Caraway Seeds, per Cwt. - - - 0 0 1

Carriages or Coaches, 2 Wheels, each ... - 0 1 6

4 Wheels, each - - - - 0 2 6

Railway ... - 0 5 0

Carrots, per Ton - - 0 0 8

Carts, small, each _ 0 0 6

large, each - _ 0 1 0

Cartwheels. (See Wheels.) Carvings. (See Works of Art.) Cases of Cotton Goods. (See Bales.) Cases or Casks of Goods not enumerated:—

Butt or Case, 81 Feet and upwards _ 0 0 9

Hogshead or Case, 56 to 80 Feet - - - 0 0 6

Puncheon or Case, 56 to 55 0 0 4

Tierce or Case, 20 Feet and under 0 0 3

per Barrel - . 0 0 2

per Box - - - - 0 0 2

. per Keg - 0 0 1

empty, 20 Feet and under, each ... . 0 0 1

21 to 55 Feet, each - _ 0 0 2

56 to 80 Feet, each - - - - 0 0 3

81 Feet and upwards, each - 0 0 4

c

c

c

G

a

a

ij

a

a

(V

Q>

H

1

0»

G.

tit

<4

(S

Gi

Q

Cl

G

Q

G

G

C

C

C

I

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cqp.lv.

751

HATES.

Casks, empty, Pipe, Butt, or Puncheon, each Cassia, per Cwt. .... Castor Beans, per Cwt. ... Catlings. (See Cases and Casks.)

Cattle: Horses, each .... Oxen and Cows, each Ponies, Mules, and Asses, each Calves, each -

Deer, each -

Lambs, Sheep, or Goats, each Pigs, each -

Caviare, per Package -

Chains. (See Iron.)

Chairs, Mahogany, per Dozen

Cane, Garden, or Camp Stools, per Dozen Cement, per Barrel or Bag -

Chaff Cutters, each ...

Chalk, common, per Ton ...

French, per Ton ...

Charcoal, per Sack ....

per Hogshead -

Chassum, per Cwt.

Cheese, per Ton ....

Chesnuts, per Bushel -

Chests of Goods not enumerated. (See Cases.) Cherries. (See Apples.)

Chicoree Root, per Ton

Chilies, per Cwt.

China Root, per Cwt.

Chinaware, per Case -

per Box ...

Chiranga Root, per Cwt.

Chirayita, per Cwt. -

Chocolate, per Cwt.

Cinnabar, per Cwt.

Cinders, Coke, per Ton -

Cigars, per Cwt. -

Cinnamon. (See Cassia.)

Citron in Salt, per Pipe -

Hogshead

Clay, per Ton

Clinkers. (See Bricks, common.)

Clocks, Wooden. (See Toys.)

Cloth. (See Bales.)

Cloves. (See Cassia.)

Coal or Culm, per Ton ...

Cobalt, per Box Cobbles, per Ton Cochineal, per Cwt.

Cocoa, per Ton Cocoa Nuts, per Hundred Cocque de Perle, per Chest Coculus Indicus, per Cwt.

Coffee, per Ton

Coin, per if 100 of Value

£ s. d.

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 1

_ 0 2 0

- - 0 1 e

- - 0 0 9

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 3

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 1

• - 0 0 1

_ 0 0 6

- - 0 0 3

- - 0 0 1

- . 0 0 4

_ - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 1

- . 0 0 6

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 1 0

- - 0 0 1

0 0 10

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 1

_ - 0 0 G

- - 0 0 4

- r 0 0 2

- - 0 0 1

- . 0 0 2

. . 0 0 4

- . 0 0 3

- - 0 0 4

_ 0 0 6

- - 0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 2

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 6

- . 0 0 2

- - 0 1 0

_ - 0 0 3

_ . 0 0 3

- - 0 0 1

. . 0 1 0

- - 0 0 6

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CapAv.

RATES.

Coir, rough, Press-packed, per Ton -

Yarn, per Ton -

Rope, under 6 Inches, per Ton Coloquintida, per Cwt. -

Colours, Painters, per Cwt.

Colombo Root, per Cwt.

Copper, per Ton

Copper Ore, per Ton -

Regulus, per Ton -Coppers and Stills, per Ton -

Copperas, per Ton

Coquilla Nuts, per Thousand -Cordage. (See Rope.)

Cordials. (See Spirits.)

Coriander Seed, per Ton -

Cork, per Ton -Cornelians. (See Diamonds.)

Corn. (See Grain.)

Cotton Wool, per Ton -

Couhage, per Cwt. -

Cowries, per Cwt. -

Cranberries, per Pipe or Puncheon -

per Hogshead -

per Barrel or Anker -

per Keg or Half Anker -

Cream of Tartar, per Ton -

Crests, per Hundred Crystal, rough, per Ton -Cubebs, per Cwt.

Cubic Nitre. (See Saltpetre.)

Cummin Seed, per Cwt.

Currants, per Ton

Red, White, &c. (See Apples.)

Cyder. (See Spirits.)

Dates, per Cwt.

Deals. (See Wood.)

Diamonds or other Precious Stones, per Package of jt?100 Value Divi Divi, per Ton -Dragon’s Blood, per Cwt.

Dripstones, each -

Drugs not enumerated, per Cwt. -

Earthenware, per Hogshead or large Crate

Tierce or small Crate -

loose, per Crate, to be estimated at the same Rate. Earth, Fuller’s, per Ton -

Eau de Cologne, per Case -

per Box -Eggs, per Crate -

per Tierce or Box -Elephants Teeth, per Cwt.

Emery Stone. (See Stone.)

Engines, Steam. (See Iron.)

Fire. (See Carriages.)

£ s. d.

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 0 I

0 0 I

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 0 9

0 1 6

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 8

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 0 1

0 0 I

0 1 0

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 0 10

0 0 1

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 8

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 2

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

753

Essences, per Package ... Extract of Oak Bark, per Cwt.

Medicinal, per Cwt.

Fans, per Case or Box ...

Feathers, Bed, per Cwt.

Ostrich, &c., per Cwt.

Felt, per Ton -

Figs, per Ton -

Fire-arms, per Chest ...

per Case ...

Fish:—Cod, or other, per Basket loose, per Score dried, per Ton -

in Cases, &c. (See Cases and Casks.)

Herrings, per Barrel Flax, per Ton ....

Cordilla or Tow, per Ton Flour, per Bag or Sack ...

Flowers, artificial, per Package Frankincense, per Cwt.

Furniture in Packages. (See Toys.)

Furs. (See Skins.)

Galangal, per Cwt.

Galbanum, per Cwt.

Galls, per Cwt. -

Gamboge, per Cwt.

Gentian Root, per Cwt.

Gigs. (See Carriages.)

Gin. (See Spirits.)

Ginger, per Ton -

Ginseng Root, per Cwt.

Glass, per Hogshead, Chest, Tierce, or Crate per smaller Package Glue, per Ton -

Goats Hair. (See Wool.)

Gold and Gold Ore, per >£’100 in Value Grain and Seeds, per Quarter Granilla, per Cwt.

Grapes, per Box or Jar Grass, Foreign, per Cwt.

Seeds, per Ton Sea, per Ton Grates and Stoves: large, each middle, each small, each Gravel or Sand, per Ton Grease, per Ton *

Grindstones, every 12 Inches in Diamej r

Greaves, per Ton

Grits, per Firkin

Guano, per Ton

Guinea Grains, per Cwt.

RATES.

£ s. d.

- • 0 0 6

- - 0 0 1

- ■ 0 0 2

_ _ 0 0 4.

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 4

- - 0 0 8

- - 0 1 0

- - 0 0 4

- - 0 0 3

- - 0 0 1

. - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 10

_ 0 0 1

- • 0 0 10

- - 0 0 8

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 1 0

• " 0 0 1

0 0 1

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 1

0 1 0

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 3

_ - 0 0 1

- - 0 1 0

_ 0 0 6

. - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 I

- - 0 0 1

. 0 1 0

- - 0 1 0

_ 0 0 6

. - 0 0 4

- - 0 0 2

_ 0 0 6

_ 0 0 8

_ - 0 0 1

_ . 0 1 0

. 0 0 1

- 0 0 6

- - 0 0 1

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. Iv.

RATES.

Gums, per Ton ....

Guns. (See Iron.)

Hardware. (See Iron Manufactures.)

Hair, per Ton -

curled -

Hampers of Liquids, per Dozen Quarts -

Hams, loose, per Score -

in Packages. (See Bacon.)

Hartall, per Ton

Hats. (See Cases and Casks.)

Hay or Grass, per Ton -

Hemp, per Ton ....

Cordilla or Tow, per Ton. (See Cordilla.)

Herrings. (See Fish.)

Hides, Calf and Kip Skins, dried or salted, per Ton other, per Dozen -

Hollands. (See Gin.)

Hones, per Cwt.

Honey, per Cwt.

Hoofs, per Ton

Hoops, Wooden, per Bundle -

Iron. (See Iron.)

Hops, per Cwt. -

Horns, per Cwt.

Horns, Tips or Plates, per Ton -

Indian Rubber, loose, per Cwt. -

in Packages, per Cwt. -

Indigo, per Cwt.

Ink, China, per Cwt.

Inkle, per Cwt.

Ipecacuanha, per Cwt.

Iron Ore and Iron Cinders, per Ton .... Iron, in Bars, Shot, Pigs, Packages, or loose, per Ton Iron Hoops and Chains, per Ton -

Manufactures or Machinery, in Packages of 20 Cwt and not exceeding 5 Tons, each, per Ton ...

LL Case under 20 Cwt., each ...

L Case or Hogshead under 20 Cwt., each M Case or Tierce, ditto -

S Case or Barrel, ditto ....

Box or Keg ....

Anchors, Boilers, Castings, Engines, Guns, &c. under 20 Cwt., each, per Ton -

20 Cwt. and not exceeding 5 Tons, each, per Ton exceeding 5 Tons, each, per Ton Anvils, Vices, &c., as Iron Castings, Saws, large, per Bundle about 4 Cwt., each -

Iron Plates, tinned, per Box ...

Isinglass, per Cwt.

Ivory, per Cwt.

Jalap, per Cwt.

Junk or old Rope, per Ton ....

£ s. <L

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 0 1

0 0 3

0 1 0

0 2 0

0 0 10

0 0 10

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 8

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 10

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 0 10

0 1 6

0 1 6

0 0 9

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 8

0 ] 6

0 2 0

0 0 3

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 a

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

Jute, pressed packed, per Ton Juice or Syrup. (See Molasses.)

Kelp, per Ton ...

Kips, per Ton -

Lac Dye, per Chest Lace, Case or Box -

Lacquered Ware. (See Toys.)

Lard in Bladders, per Score in Casks. (See Bacon.)

Laths. (See Wood.)

Lavender Flowers, per Cwt.

Lead, Pig or Sheet, per Ton

Black or White, per Ton Shot, per Ton Ore -Leather, under 1 Cwt., per Package 1 to 3 Cwt., per Package 3 to 5 Cwt., per Package Leeches, per Package Lemons. (See Oranges.)

Lime, per Ton ...

Limes, per Barrel

Lime Juice. (See Spirits.)

Linens. (See Bales and Cases.)

Linseed. (See Grain.)

Cake. (See Oilcake.)

Liquorice, or Luccus Liquoritiae, per Ton Root, Bundles or loose, per Ton Locomotive Engines. (See Iron.)

Maccaroni. (See Vermicelli.)

Mace, per Cwt.

Machinery. (See Iron Manufactures.) Madder, per Hogshead Root, per Ton Mait, per Quarter Manganese, per Ton Mangles, each Manna, per Cwt.

Marble Baths, each

Mortars, per Ton Slabs, per Cwt.

Rough, in Packages, per Cwt. Block, per Ton of 12 Cubic Feet Works of Art, every £ro ad valoret Marbles, per Barrel Mastic Gum. (See Gum.)

Mats, Petersburgh, per 144 ,

Archangel, per 120 Indian, Chest or Bundle Meal. (See Flour.)

Melons, per Basket Melting Pots, per Hogshead

£ s. d

- - - 0 0 8

. . 0 0 8

- - - 0 0 10

_ - 0 0 2

■ - - 0 0 4

- - - 0 0 3

0 0 2

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 8

- - 0 0 9

- - 0 0 2

- yv 0 0 1

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 4

- - 0 0 2

_ 0 0 3

0 0 2

0 1 0

* *■ 0 1 6

. . . 0 0 2

_ . 0 0 4

- - - 0 I 0

- - - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 8

- - - 0 0 6

- - - 0 0 2

- - - 0 2 0

- - 0 1 0

- - - 0 0 2

- - - 0 0 1

- - - 0 1 4

m - - 0 0 1

- - - 0 0 1

_ _ 0 0 4

- - - 0 0 4

- - - 0 0 4

_ 0 0 1

- * - 0 0 6

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

— RATES.

Mohair Yarn, per Cwt. ... £ 0 s. 0 d. 1

Molasses, per Ton .... - 0 0 8

Moss, Rock or Iceland, per Cwt. - 0 0 1

Mother-o’-Pearl Shells, per Cwt. - 0 0 1

Ware. (See Toys.) Mules. (See Cattle.) Munjeet. (See Madder Root.) Musical Instruments, per Case ... 0 2 0

per Box ... - 0 0 4

Mustard, per Barrel ... - 0 0 2

per Keg, Box, or Package - 0 0 1

Myrabolams, per Cwt. ... - 0 0 1

Myrrh, per Cwt. .... - 0 0 1

Nails, One Cwt. and upwards, per Package - 0 0 1

Nanari, per Cwt. - - - - - 0 0 2

Nankeen, per Chest ... - 0 0 2

Nickel, per Ton .... . 0 1 0

Nitrate of Soda, per Ton - - - 0 0 6

Nutmegs, per Cwt. - - - 0 0 2

Nuts, per Bag .... - 0 0 1

Nux Vomica, per Cwt. ... - 0 0 1

Oakum, per Ton .... 0 0 9

Oatmeal. (See Flour.) Ochre, per Ton 0 0 8

Oil, Castor, per Cwt. ... . 0 0 1

Chemical. (See Essences.) Fish, Olive, Seed, Palm, and Nut, per Ton of 20 Cwt. 0 0 8

Chests, Jars, Canisters, &c., per Cwt. - 0 0 1

Oil Cake, per Ton - - - -Old Rope. (See Junk.) Olibanum. (See Gum.) Olives, per Barrel - . 0 0 8

0 0 1

per Keg .... - 0 0 1

per Jar of 2 Quarts - - - 0 0 J

Onions, per Bushel ... - 0 0 1

Opium, per Cwt. - 0 0 1

Oranges and Lemons, per Chest ... - 0 0 2

per Box ... 0 0 1

Peel, per Cwt. ... - 0 0 1

Orchella Weed, per Cwt. .... _ 0 0 I

Ormolu, every ,s£100 Value .... - 0 1 0

Orpiment, per Cwt. ... - 0 0 1

Orrice Root, per Cwt. .... - 0 0 1

Orsidew, per Package .... _ 0 0 3

Ostrich Feathers, per Package ... - 0 0 4

Otto of Roses. (See Essences.) Ox Bows, per Dozen Bundles - 0 0 1

Oxen. (See Cattle.) Oysters, per Thousand ... - 0 0 2

Packs or Shakes. (See Casks, empty.) Faddy. (See Grain.) Paint, per Cwt. ... 0 0 1

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

757

Pantiles, Draining Tiles, or Crests, per Hundred Paper, per Ton -

Hanging, per Case Parcels, 12 Inches square, each Pease, psr Tierce -

per Barrel -in Bulk. (See Grain.)

Pellitory Root, per Cwt.

Pepper, per Ton ...

Perry. (See Spirits.)

Pianofortes, each -

Pessara, per Cwt. -

Pickles in Jars or Kegs, each Pictures. (See Cases of Goods.)

Piece Goods. (See Bales.)

Pigs. (See Cattle.)

Pill Boxes in Vats, large Vat smaller Packages Pimento, per Ton ...

Pink Root, per Cwt.

Pipe Clay, per Ton

Pitch, per Barrel ...

Burgundy, per Ton Plants and Trees, above 5 Cwt., per Package 2 Cwt., per Package under 2 Cwt., per Package Plaster of Paris, per Barrel Platina, every jf’lOO Value Ore -

Ploughs, each -

Plums. (See Raisins.)

Green. (See Apples.)

Pomegranate Peel, per Cwt.

Porcelain. (See Chinaware.)

Pork. (See Beef and Pork.)

Potatoes, per 5 Quarters or Ton Pots, Chimney, per Dozen Poultry, Fowls, ike., per Dozen Geese, &c., per Dozen Precious Stones. (See Diamonds.)

Preserves. (See Succades.)

Prunes. (See Raisins.)

Prussiate of Potash, per Ton Pozuolana, per Ton -

Portland Stone. (See Marble.)

Pyroligniate of Lead, per Ton

RATES.

£ s. d.

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 0 3

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 I

0 0 1

0 0 10

0 2 0

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 1 6

- - 0 0 8

- - 0 1 0

- - 0 0 1

- 0 0 8

- - 0 0 1

- 0 1 0

- - 0 0 4

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 6

- 0 0 2

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 1

0 0 8

- - 0 0 3

- 0 0 1

" ' 0 0 2

0 0 6

- - 0 0 6

- 0 0 6

Quassia in Packages, per Cwt. -Quicksilver, per Bottle

Ore, per Ton Quills, per Vat -

per Hogshead or Case per Tierce, Bale, or Barrel Quinine, per Case

[Local.] 9 1"

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 0 2

n 0 2

758

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CapAv.

Rabbits, per Score -Rags, per Ton -Raisins in Casks, per Ton

in Boxes under 28lbs. eacii, per Score 28 to 56 lbs. each, per Score 57 to 84 lbs. each, per Score -55 to 112 lbs. each, per Score Frails or Baskets, per Score in Half or Quarter Drums, per Score Rape Cake. (See Oilcake.)

Regulus. (See Copper.)

Rhatanio Root, per Cwt.

Extract. (See Extract, Medicinal.) Rhubarb, per Cwt.

Rice, per Ton .... Roots, Flower. (See Cases and Casks.)

Rope, Old. (See Junk.)

Rope Wire. (See Wire.)

Rope, new, 6 Inches and under, per Ton above 6 Inches. (See Cables.)

Resin, per Barrel -

Rubies. (See Precious Stones.)

Rum. (See Spirits.)

Rushes, per Load of 63 Bunches

Sacks of Goods not enumerated, each

Sac Saturni, per Cwt.

Safflower, per Ton -

Saffron, per Cwt.

Sago, per Ton ....

Sal Ammoniac, per Ton -

Salmon, per Tierce or Chest Saltpetre, per Ton ....

Salt, per Ton -

Sand, per Ton -

Sapphires. (See Precious Stones.)

Sarsaparilla, per Cwt. ... Sassafras, per Cwt.

Scammony, per Cwt. -Scythe Blades, per Dozen -Seahorse Teeth. (See Ivory.)

Seed Lac, per Ton -

Seed, Forest and Rye Grass, per Bag

per Sack or Quarter

Senna, per Cwt.

Shellac, per Ton Shoddy. (See Wool.)

Shot Lead. (See Lead.)

Iron, loose. (See Iron.) Shrub. (See Spirits.)

Shrubs. (See Trees.) Shumac, per Ton Silk, per Cwt.

£ £. rf.

_ - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 8

- - 0 0 10

- 0 0 4

- - 0 0 6

_ - 0 0 8

- - 0 0 10

- - 0 0 5

- - 0 0 3

- - 0 0 2

_ 0 0 2

" 0 0 9

- . 0 1 0

- - 0 0 01

- 0 0 8

_ 0 0 1

- 0 0 1

- - 0 1 0

- 0 0 2

- - 0 0 10

- - 0 1 0

- 0 0 2

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 6

_ _ 0 0 2

- - 0 0 *2

- - 0 0 4

- 1 0 0 1

- _ ( 0 1 0

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 0 2

per Ton 0 0 9

rain.)

- - 0 0 1

- - 0 1 0

o o a 0 0 2

759

12° & ] 3" VICTOR L£, Oy.lv.

Silk, Waste, per Cwt.

Silver, every .£ 100 in Value ....

Ore

Skins. (See Hides.)

Slate, per Ton -

Pencils, per Cwt.

Slates in Frames. (Sec Cases and Casks.)

Sleepers. (See Timber.)

Smalts, per Ton -

Soap, per Hogshead -

per Chest -

per Firkin or Box -

Soda, per Ton

Sofas, each

Spades, Shovels, Scythes, Sickles, &c., per Dozen -Spelter. (Sec Zinc.)

Spetclies, per Ton -

Spirits and Wine, per Butt above 150 Gallons

per Pipe or Puncheon -

per Hogshead -

per Barrel or Quarter Cask per Keg or Demijohn in Cases, per Dozen Quarts Ditto - ditto Pints Sponge, per Cwt.

Spruce Beer, per Dozen Kegs -

Squills, per Ton -

Starch, per Ton -

Steel, loose or in Bundles, per Ton -

in Packages. (See Hardware.)

Stick Lac. (See Seed Lac.)

Stock Fish. (See Fish, Cod.)

Stone Blocks, per Ton of 16 Cubic Feet

Flags or Paving, per Ton of 1 '2 Superficial Yards Stone, Mill or Grave, per Ton of 16 Cubic Feet Works of Art, every ^5 ad valorem Burr, per Score -

Buoy, per Ton -

Grinding, every 12 Inches Diameter Emery, Lithographic, Turkey, and Pumice, per Ton Emery in Bulk, per Ton -

Jars and Bottles. (Sec Bottles.)

Stoves and Grates. (See Grates.)

Straw, per Ton -

Succades, under 56 lbs., per Package -57 to 112 lbs., ditto -

above 1 Cwt., ditto -

Sugar, per Ton -

in Loaves, per Score -

Sunn. (See Jute.)

Sulphur. (See Brimstone.)

Sweepwashers Dirt, per Ton -

Tallow, per Ton -Tamarinds. (See Succades.)

HATES.

£ s. d. 0 0 1

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 0 10 0 0 8 0 0 2 0 0 1 0 0 6 0 1 0 0 0 1

0 0 10 0 0 9

0 0 6 0 0 3

0 0 2 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 2 0 0 3

0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 6

0 0 6 0 0 6 0 0 8 0 0 1 0 0 4

0 0 10 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 10

0 2 0 0 0 1 0 0 2 0 0 2 0 0 6 0 0 6

0 0 8 0 0 8

760

12° & 13° VICTORIA Cap. Iv.

RATES.

£ s. d.

Tanners Waste. (See Spetches.)

Tapioca, per Cwt. .... - - 0 0 1

Tar, per Barrel - - - - - 0 0 1

Tares. (See Grain.)

Tarras, per Ton - - - 0 0 8

Tea, 20 lbs. and under, per Package or Box - - 0 0 1

21 lbs. to 45 lbs., per Packet or Quarter Chest - - 0 0 2

46 lbs. to 84lbs., per ditto or Half ditto - - 0 0 3

85 lbs. to 140 lbs., per ditto or Chest - - 0 0 4

141 lbs. and upwards, per ditto or Chest - - 0 0 5

Teazles, 30 Feet and under, per Package - - 0 0 o

31 to 50 Feet, per ditto - - 0 0 3

51 to 80 Feet, per ditto - - 0 0 6

81 and upwards, per ditto - - 0 0 8

Terra Japonica, Sienna, and Virde, per Ton - - 0 0 9

Tiles, per 1,000 .... - - 0 1 0

Timber. (See Wood.)

Tin, per Ton . _ 0 0 8

Ore, per Ton ... - _ 0 0 2

Plates, per Box ... - . 0 0 1

Tincal, per Ton - - - - _ 0 1 0

Tobacco, per Hogshead ... - - 0 0 3

per Tierce .... - - 0 0 4

per Barrel - ... • _ 0 0 2

Pipes. (See Earthenware.)

Tongues, loose, per Gross ... - 0 0 6

in Packages. (See Beef and Pork.)

Tonquin Beans, per Cwt. ... - - 0 0 2

Tortoise Shell, per Cwt. ... - * 0 0 2

Tow, per Ton - 0 0 9

Toys, 20 Feet and under, per Package _ 0 0 2

21 to 40 Feet, per ditto - _ 0 0 3

41 to 80 Feet, per ditto ... _ 0 0 6

81 to 160 Feet, per ditto _ 0 1 0

161 Feet and upwards, per ditto . 0 2 0

Treenails. (See Wood.)

Trees. (See Plants.)

Trunks. (See Cases.)

Turmeric, per Ton .... . . 0 0 10

'1 urnips, per Ton .... - - 0 0 6

Turpentine, per Barrel - - - - - 0 0 1

Turf, per Ton - . - - • 0 0 6

I wine, per Cwt. .... - - 0 0 1

Valonia, per Ton - ... _ 0 0 10

Varnish, per Gallon - ... _ 0 0 04

Vanellas. (See Succades.)

Verdigris, per Ton .... _ 0 1 0

Vermicelli, per Cwt. ... _ 0 0 1

Vermillion, per Cwt. - ... - _ 0 0 1

Vinegar. (See Spirits.)

Vitriol, per Carboy .... - - 0 0 6

Waggons, each .... , 0 2 0

Railway - - - - 0 4 0

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. lv.

76 i

i

8

I 1* ) 1 n

h o i 0 5 0 i

0 i 0 8 0)

1 1

0 8 0! 01

II 01 01 0 !

i i

o! # i 0 !

0 S

1 0 2 2

Walnuts, per Bushel

Water, Mineral. (See Spirits and Wine in Cases.)

Wax, Sealing, per Cwt. -

Weights, Iron. (See Iron Castings.)

Weld or Woad, per 60 Bunches -

Whale Fins, per Ton

Wheelbarrows, each ....

Wheels, Iron. (See Iron Castings.)

Wheels, Wood, small, per Pair -

large, per Pair ...

Whisk Brooms, loose, per 1,000 - .

in Bales. (See Bales.)

Whisky. (See Spirits.)

Whiting, per Ton ...

Wine. (See Spirits.)

Winnowing Machines. (See Carts.)

Wire, Iron, loose, in Bundles, or Wire Rope, per Cwt. in Cask. (See Hardware.)

Plated, Gilt, and Copper, in Bundles, per Cwt.

Wood, Dyers, &c.; viz. Bar, Box, Brazil, Braziletto, Cam, Cocus, Ebony, Fustic, Lignum Vita, Logwood, Nicaragua, Quassia, Sandal, Sanders, Sapan, Sassafras, per Ton -

Furniture; viz. Cedar, Mahogany, Rose, Satin, &c., per Ton -

Deals, Battens, Ends, Boards, per Load of 50 Cubic Feet - - - - - r-

Firewood, per Fathom of 216 Cubic Feet -Gunstocks, per 120 -

Handspikes, not exceeding 7 Feet long, per 120 exceeding 7 Feet long, per 120 Knees, under 5 Inches square, per 120 -

5 and under 8 Inches square, per 120 Lathwood, per Fathom of 216 Cubic Feet

Laths, per Fathom of 216 Cubic Feet -

Oars, under 24 Feet long, per 120

24 Feet and under 32 Feet long, per 120 32 Feet and upwards, per 120 -

Scoops, per 120

Spars, under 4 Inches Diameter, per 120 -

and under 6 Inches Diameter, per 120

6 Inches and upwards, as Timber, 40 Feet to a Load.

Spokes, not exceeding Two Feet long, per 1,000 -

exceeding Two Feet long, per 1,000 Staves, per Load of 50 Cubic Feet -

Rickers, per 120

Colliery and Pit Timber, per Load of 50 Feet Railway Sleepers, per Dozen Staves, Baltic Pipe, per 120 Hogshead, per 120 Barrel, per 120

Heading, per 120 ...

Thin Pipe, 1 to 1^ Inch thick, per 120 Hogshead, per 120 -

RATES.

£ s. d.

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 4

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 9

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 1 0

0 1 3

0 0 3

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 1 6

0 1 0

0 1 3

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 1 0

0 0 8

0 0 8

0 1 0

0 1 3

0 1 9

0 0 6

0 2 0

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 9

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 0 3

0 0 4

0 0 3

762

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CapAv.

RATES.

Wood, Staves, Barrel and Heading, per 120 -

Pipe Board, 3 Inch thick, per 120 Billet, Oak, or Ash, above Inches and not exceeding 4 Feet long, per 120

exceeding 1| to 3^ Inches, per 120 under 1£ Inches, per 120 -

Packs. (See Casks, empty.)

American, per Quebec Standard of 120 of 5J Feet long by 1^ Inch thick -

American, Quebec Pun., St. John’s Ash and Oak Hogsheads, per 120 in Packs. (See Casks, empty.)

Timber and Plank; viz. Fir, Square, per Load of 50 Feet Round, per Load of 40 Feet Ash, Birch, Beech, and Elm, ditto - ditto Oak, Teak, Wainscot, and other hard Wood, per Load of 40 Feet

Treenails, under 2 Feet long, per 1,200 -

2 Feet and upwards, per 1,200 Timber and Wood lying in the Dock beyond 14 Days to be charged 2d. per Load per Week in addition to the Rates before specified.

Wool, Sheep, per Ton -

Other -

Cotton. (See Cotton.)

Shoddy, press-packed, per Ton -

not press^packed, per Ton -

Works of Art, every £5 ad valorem -

Yarn, loose or in Bundles, per Ton - - .

Zaffers, per Ton -

Zinc, per Ton -

Ore of, per Ton

Sulphate of, per Ton - ...

£ s d.

0 0 2

0 1 0

0 0 10

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 1 0

0 1 6

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 0 1

0 0 9

0 0 10

0 0 8

0 0 2

0 0 10

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cajo.lv

763

SCHEDULE (C.)

Warehouse and Wharfage Rates, Rent, Shipping or Landing Charges.

KATES. Wharfage. Rent per Week. Shipping or Landing.

Alum - - per Ton S. 1 d. 0 S. 0 d. 2 S. 0 d. 5

, - - Hhd. 0 6 0 1 0 3

Apples - - Hhd. , 0 6 0 1 0 3

, - Cask • 0 4 0 0i 0 2

Ashes - - Ton - 0 9 0 2 0 4

, Russian - - - . Cask , 0 r. 0 1 0 4

, American - Barrel - 0 4 0 1 0 2

Bacon - - - _ Bale 0 3 0 1 0 1

55 - Side - 0 1 0 0* 0 °i

Beer or Cyder - Butt - 0 6 0 1 0 3

- Hhd. - 0 3 0 1 0 4

- Barrel - 0 2 0 0£ 0 1

- Hamper 0 2 0 0* 0 1

- Kilderkin 0 I 0 0* 0 Oi 1

Bellows, large - each - 0 4 0 0+ 0

, small - - per Bundle - 0 2 0 Oi 0 Oi

Brass Wire - Ton - 1 6 0 3 0 6

Bricks and Tiles, common - 1,000 - 1 0 0 2 1 0

, Paving,Malt, Kiln,Draining Tiles 100 0 6 0 1 0 6

, Fire - 1,000 - 2 0 0 4 2 0

Brimstone or Fullers Earth - Ton - 1 0 0 1 0 6

Brooms - - Doz. - 0 1 0 Oi 0 Oi

Butter - Firkin - 0 1 0 Oi 0 Oi

Copper and other metallic Ores Ton _ 0 4

Copper and Brass Battery - , - 1 2 0 2 0 6

, Nails, wrought Copper or Brass 1 6 0 2 0 6

Chairs - - Bundle - 0 4 0 Oi 0 »i

Cattle - - each - - 0 6 - 0 6

Carriages - - 55 - 2 0 - - 2 0

, Cart - - 1 6 - - 1 6

, Chaise, Four Wheel - » - 1 6 - - 1 6

, Phaeton or Gig - - •5 - 1 3 - - 1 3

, Omnibus - - 5 0 - - 5 0

, Stage Coach > - 4 0 - - 4 0

, Waggon - - - 2 6 - - 2 6

, Harrows or Ploughs - - 0 6 - - 0 3

Carboys, large - , - 0 6 - - 0 2

, small - - 0 3 - - 0 1

764

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv,

KATES. Wharfage. Rent per Week. Shipping or Landing.

S. d. S. d. 5. d

Cement or Plaster of Paris - per Barr. - 0 H 0 1 0 1_

i do. . 0 1 0 0 0i

_ \ do. . 0 0* 0 <4 0 0±

Candles - . Box - 0 1 0 0i 0 0£

Cheese - - Ton - 1 6 0 9 0 6

Coal, Culm, or Coke - » - 0 2 —

Corn, Wheat, Barley, Oats, &c. - per Qu. - 0 2 0 1 0 2

- Bag - 0 4 0 1 0 li

Bale - 0 4 0 1 o H

Packet - 0 2 0 0 1

_ . Seron - 0 1 0 0 0i

- Tierce - 0 6 0 H 0 2

_ Bag - 0 1 0 H 0 0}

, E. India, &c. - - Bale - 0 2 0 li 0 1*

Cork Wood, loose . Ton - 2 3 0 4 0 9

Corks, large - Bag - 0 H 0 0i 0 Oi

, small - - _ - 0 i 0 0 0i

Crates of Ware, 10 Cwt. - large - 0 9 0 03 0 3

, 5 Cwt. - small - 0 6 0 0i 0 2

Deals, per St. Petersburgh, std. - per 120 . 1 0 0 2 2 0

Deal Ends - 120 - 0 4 0 1 0 9

Dogs - - each - - 0 2 - - 0 1

Drugs, per Hamper or Box - » - 0 4 0 1 0 1

Eggs - per Chest - 0 2 0 H O o

Fish .... . Barr. - 0 H 0 0* 0 0£

Flax - - Ton - 1 9 0 4 0 9

Flour - Saok - 0 2 0 1 0 1

, or Meal, per 20 Barr, or Bags J5 - 1 8 0 10 0 10

Fruit,—Currants, above 15 Cwt. - Butt - 1 0 0 6 0 4

, do. 7Cwt.and

underl5 , - 0 9 0 4 0 3

, do. under 7 Cwt. - - 0 6 0 3 0 2

- Chest - 0 3 0 1 0 1

- Bag - 0 2 0 0* 0 1

- Basket or Box 0 1 0 0* o oi

Furniture and Goods per Meas. - 4 per Foot. —

, per Barr. Bulk 5 Square Feet 0 2* 0 1 0 1

Fustic - - per Ton - 1 6 0 3 0 6

Glass _ Hhd. 1 6 0 3 0 3

• Tierce - 1 0 0 2 0 2

- - Barr. - 0 6 0 H 0 h

Crate - 0 4 0 1 0 1

- - Side - 0 2 0 1 0 1

Gunpowder - Barrel - 0 2 - - 0 1

Hampers, empty - Doz. - 0 2 0 o •H- 0 1

Hardware - Hamper 0 2 0 1 0 1

Hemp - - - Ton - 1 9 0 4 0 9

Hops - ... - Bag - 0 3 0 H 0 1

5> - Pocket - 0 H 0 1 0 0£

12° & 13° VICTORIA, CapAv,

765

RATES. Wharfage, Rent per Week. Shipping or Landing.

S. d. 5. d. S. d.

Horses . each - 2 0 _ _ 2 0

, Ponies - >» - 1 0 - _ 1 0

Asses or Mules - - 1 0 - - 1 0

Indigo per Chest _ 1 0 0 H 0 2

»> " - Seron - 0 4 0 01 0 1

Iron—Bar, Bolt, Pig, Guns, Shot,

Wire, cast Iron, Gu n

Carriages - Ton - 0 G

, Broken or Ballast - 5J - 0 4

Juice (Liquorice, &c.) - Chest - 0 3 0 0i 0 1

Lead, or Sheet Lead Ton _ 1 0 0 2 0 4

, White or Ited - . 1 6 0 3 0 4

Leather - Cwt. - 0 n 0 1 0 H

Limestone - Ton - 0 2 0 01 0 4

Lime - - Chaldron 0 G 0 I

Logwood - Ton - 1 6 0 2 0 6

Manure ... 0 2

Marble, Black, under 2 Tons . - 2 0 0 4 2 0

, 2 and under 5 - - 3 0 0 6 3 0

, above 5 Tons - - 5 0 0 6 5 0

Molasses - Puncheon 0 6 0 1 0 3

, - - i Ditto - 0 3 0 01 0 2

Mustard ... - Keg - 0 1 0 01 0 0*

Music, per Case, large - Foot - 0 01 0 6 1 0

, small - 5» - 0 0i 0 3 0 6

Nuts - - - per Bag - 0 1 0 o i 0 01

Oak Knees, large each - 0 2 - - 0 1

, small - , - 0 1 - - 0 0*

Oak Bark, loose - per Ton - 1 0 0 4 2 0

, Bags - , - 0 6 0 2 1 0

Oak, Ash, Elm, or other Timber - Load - 1 3 - - 1 3

- Ton 50 Feet 0 8 0 1 1 0

Oil - Leader 2 0 0 3 0 G

- Pipe - 1 0 0 2 0 4

- Hhd. - 0 G 0 1 0 H

- Barrel - 0 4 0 0i 0 1

- Can - 0 2 0 0i 0 01

Pepper, per Bag, large - . 0 4 0 1 0 1

, small - - 0 H 0 (T^ 0 0i

Pigs - each - - 0 2 - 0 2

Potatoes - per Ton - 1 0 0 6 1 0

Pork or Beef - Tierce - 0 3 0 0| 0 2

- _ Barrel - 0 2 0 01 0 1

- £ Barrel 0 1 0 0* 0 0*

Rags _ Ton _ 1 6 0 3 0 As

Rice ... - - 1 6 0 2 0 (M

9 H

1 8. JAN. 1939

12° & 13° VICTORIAE, Cap. lv.

RATES. Wharfage. Rent per Week. Shipping or Landing.

8. d. 8. d. 5. d.

Rice - - per Bag 0 1 0 0* 0 1

Rope or Junk - - - - Cwt. - 0 1 0 1 0 1

Salt _ Ton 0 6 - - 0 3

Saltpetre or Nitre, rough - - 95 1 8 - - 0 4

, , refined (Cakes) 99 2 6 - " 0 9

Seeds - - Sack 0 3 0 0* 0 1

Sheep - - each - 0 2 - - 0 2

Shumac ... - per Bag 0 2 0 0* 0 1

Shoes - Hamper - 0 2 0 1 0 1

Slates - - Ton 0 6 0 1 0 4

Soap, large - - - Chest 0 G 0 1 0 2

under 3 Cwt. - 99 0 4 0 0* 0 1

Soda .... - Hamper- 0 2 0 1 0 1

Spars, 6 In. and under 8 Diam. - each - 0 3

99 8 95 99 12 , - , 0 6

, 12 , and upwards - - 99 * 1 0

Sugar, refined - per Cwt. 0 1 perHhd. 2 0 4

, raw - Hhd. - 0 8 0 2 0 4

- Tierce - 0 6 0 1* 0 2

- Barrel - 0 3 0 1 0 1

» - - Bag 0 H 0 0* 0 o*

Tallow, 12 Cwt. _ Hhd. - 0 6 0 2 0 3

, 8 Cwt. - Cask - 0 4 0 H 0 2

Tar - - Barrel - 0 1 - 0 1

, - ^ Bar. - 0 Of - - 0 H

Tea - ... - Chest 0 4 0 2 0 H

99 - £ do. 0 2 0 1* 0

>9 " - i do. 0 1 0 1 0 o*

( Barrel or

Tin - - Block, per > 2 0 0 2 0 6

L Ton -j

, Plates - Box 0 Oi 0 0* 0 o*

Tobacco - - Hhd. - 0 9 0 4 0 3

99 - Chest 0 4 0 01 0 1

, ... - Box 0 3 0 0* 0 0*

Vegetables - Sack or Ham per 0 1 0 0* 0 1

Vinegar - per Pipe 1 0 0 3 0 4

99 - Hhd. - 0 6 0 1* 0 2

99 - Bar. 0 3 0 1 0 1

Wine or Spirits - Pipe 1 0 0 6 0 6

99 " - Pun. 0 9 0 4 0 4

59 " " - - Hhd. - 0 6 0 2 0 2

99 " " - i Pipe - 0 4 0 1 0 H

, Cases or Casks - under , 0 2 0 1 0 l

- per Hamper- 0 3 0 1 0 i

99 " " - . Jars 0 2 0 1 0 l

Wool, Spanish - per Bag 1 0 0 1 0 4

, English - 59 1 0 0 0 4

12° & 13° VICTORIA, Cap. lv.

RATES. Wharfage. Rent per Week. Shipping or Landing.

s. d. S, (I. S. d.

Yarn - - per Ton 1 8 0 4 0 4

Yeast - - Puncheon 0 6 0 2 0 3

Zinc, manufactured - - Cwt. 0 I 0 OA 0 OA

Small Parcels, each - For every other Article of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever, which shall be shipped from or landed or deposited upon the Wharfs or Quays authorized to be constructed by this Act, such reasonable Rates, Rent, or Sum, not exceeding the Rates, Rent, or Sum then usually paid in the Port of Bristol. And for the Use of the Company’s Warehouses, a reasonable Rate, Rent, or Sum not exceeding those then usually paid in the Port of Bristol. 0 2

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty. 1849.

6

