Local Acts passed in 1886, 50 Victoria c.1 - c.55.
From The Law Reports, Public General Statutes, 1887.
---

i. AN Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for Birmingham to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

ii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

iii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parish of Broadwell, and to the Hamlet of Filkins.

iv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Redistribution of Seats Act, 1885, relating to the Parish of Misson.

v. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, and the Public Health Act, 1875, relating to the Borough of Droitwich, and the Local Government Districts of Marsden and Penrith.

vi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, relating to the County of Montgomery.

vii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Improvement Act District of Cambridge, the Local Government Districts of Cheshunt and Cleckheaton, the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Rural Sanitary Districts of the Stockport and Wangford Unions (two).

viii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Burslem, the Local Government District of Denton and Haughton, the Borough of Dewsbury (two), the Local Government District of Heckmondwike, the Boroughs of Lancaster and Southport, and the Local Government Districts of Ulverston and Widnes.

ix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Ballyshannon, Buckpool, Coldingham, Cullen, Dovercourt, Dunbar, Loch Ranza, Lynmouth, Mevagissey, Newlyn, Penarth, Saint Ives, Shanklin, and Wexford.

x. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Dudley, Stourbridge, and Kings-winford Tramways, Great Grimsby Street Tramways (Cleethorpes Extension), Halifax and Districts Tramways, Jarrow and Hebburn and District Tramways, and North Staffordshire Tramways.

xi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Bangor and Bradford (Yorkshire), and the Local Government District of Tyldesley-with-Shakerley.

xii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Local Government District of Panteg.

xiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Galway and Londonderry.

xiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Rural Sanitary District of the Barnet Union, the Boroughs of Kingston-upon-Hull and Newport (Mon.), and the City of York.

xv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Bradford (Yorks), the City of Chichester, the Local Government Districts of Cleator Moor and Hornsey, the Districts of Maryport, Southborough, and Tunbridge Wells, and the West Kent Main Sewerage District.

xvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Gateshead and Kingston-upon-Hull, the Local Government District of North Bierley, and the Boroughs of Stockport and Wigan.

xvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Local Government District of Dukinfield, the City of Manchester, and the Rochester and Chatham Joint Hospital District.

xviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Chelsea.

xix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Abingdon Gas, Hoddesdon Gas, Honley Gas, Horley District Gas, and Langley Mill and Heanor Gas.

xx. An Act to corifirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to Urray Water.

xxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Bradford Corporation Tramways, Drypool and Marfleet Steam Tramways, City of Oxford and District Tramways, and Stratford, Ilford, and Romford Tramways.

xxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Birmingham and Western District Tramways, Birmingham Central Tramways (Extension), South Birmingham Tramways (Extension), and South Staffordshire and Birmingham District Steam Tramways.

xxiii. An Act to extend the time for purchasing Lands and completing the Railways and works authorised by the Exeter Teign Valley and Chagford Railway Act, 1883.

xxiv. An Act for authorising the release of the Balance of the Deposit Fund remaining deposited as security for the completion of certain of the Tramways authorised by the Plymouth Devonport and District Tramways Act 1882.

xxv. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Salford to purchase waste lands in the Borough and for other purposes.

xxvi. An Act to extend the time for the purchase of Lands and completion of certain Works authorised by the Moore Street Market and North Dublin City Improvement Act 1882 and for other purposes.

xxvii. An Act to enable certain fundamental Rules of the Institution called "The Warehousemen and Clerks' Schools for orphan and necessitous Children" to be repealed altered or amended at a special Court of the Institution and for other purposes.

xxviii. An Act for further extending the time for the completion of the Works authorised by the Drainage and Improvement of Lands Supplemental Act (Ireland) 1878 as extended by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

xxix. An Act to amend the Ionian Bank Act 1882 and for other purposes.

xxx. An Act for incorporating the Woodstock Railway Company and for other purposes.

xxxi. An Act to incorporate and confer powers on the Leeds Compressed Air Power Company and for other purposes.

xxxii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lynton Railway Company for the construction of works and for other purposes.

xxxiii. An Act to empower the St. Helens and Wigan Junction Railway Company to make new Railways and for other purposes.

xxxiv. An Act to incorporate a Company and to authorise the sale and transfer to them of the Harbour of Ardrossan and for other purposes.

xxxv. An Act for incorporating into a separate Company the holders of shares and stock in the railway undertaking of the Muswell Hill Estate Company Limited and for other purposes.

xxxvi. An Act to extend the time for constructing the Chatham and Brompton Tramways.

xxxvii. An Act for incorporating the Barry and Cadoxton Gas and Water Company and conferring powers on them for the construction of works the supply of Gas and Water and for other purposes.

xxxviii. An Act to extend the District and the limits of Water Supply of the Local Board for the District of Nelson in the County of Lancaster and to confer upon them further powers with respect to the acquisition and management of a Recreation Ground and the improvement and government of their District and the raising of money; and for other purposes.

xxxix. An Act to empower the North London Tramways Company to raise new Capital; and for other purposes.

xl. An Act to extend the powers of the Rotherham and Bawtry Railway Company for the acquisition of Lands for and the completion of their authorised Railways; and for other purposes.

xli. An Act to provide for the acquisition of Parliament Hill and other Lands and their addition to Hampstead Heath.

xlii. An Act to extend the Powers of Section 37 of the Metropolitan Railway Act 1885 for the Purchase and Extinction of the Divided Ordinary Stock of the Metropolitan Railway Company; and for other purposes.

xliii. An Act to authorise the Seacombe Hoylake and Deeside Railway Company to construct Extension Railways; and for other purposes.

xliv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Halifax High Level and North and South Junction Railway Company in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes.

xlv. An Act to authorise the Mersey Railway Company to extend their Railway in Birkenhead and for other purposes.

xlvi. An Act to confer further powers on the Midland and South-western Junction Railway Company and for other purposes.

xlvii. An Act to authorise the construction of a Railway between Portsmouth and Hayling Island with a Bridge available for road traffic over the southern entrance to Langstone Harbour and other works and for other purposes.

xlviii. An Act to enable the Sutton and Willoughby Railway Company to extend their Railway to Mablethorpe in the Parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln and to confer upon them further powers in relation to their Undertaking; and for other purposes.

xlix. An Act to authorise the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company the Sheffield and Midland Railway Companies Committee and the Cheshire Lines Committee respectively to construct new Railways and other works and to confer further powers upon that Company and those Committees in connexion with their respective Undertakings and for other purposes.

l. An Act to explain and amend the Bank of South Australia Act, 1884; and for other purposes.

li. An Act for the Abandonment of the Midland and Central Wales Junction Railway.

lii. An Act to incorporate the Plymouth and Devonport (Extension) Tramways Company and to authorise that Company to acquire and complete certain Tramways constructed under the Plymouth Devonport and District Tramways Act 1882 and to construct certain other Tramways in the county of Devon and for other purposes.

liii. An Act to revive the powers for the construction of a portion of the Railway authorised by the Rosebush and Fishguard Railway Act 1878 to authorise the North Pembrokeshire and Fishguard Railway Company to construct a deviation Railway and for other purposes.

liv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Bridgewater Railway Company in relation to their Undertaking and for other purposes.

lv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Neath Harbour Commissioners, to alter the Constitution of the Commissioners, and for other purposes.

