Acts passed in 1716, 3 George 1 c.1 - c.21
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 13
---

1. To enable his Majesty effectually to prohibit or restrain commerce with Sweden.

2. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1717.

4. For continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1717. and to authorize allowances to be made to certain receivers, and to obviate a doubt concerning goods imported from the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark and Alderney; and to ascertain the duties upon sheep-skins and lamb-skins; and to prevent frauds in the duties upon starch; and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets and orders, lost, burnt or destroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims in several lotteries; and for preventing frauds in the duties on low-wines and spirits carried coastwise.

5. For continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every pint of ale and beer that shall be vended or sold within the city of Edinburgh, and privileges thereof, for the benefit of the said city, and for discontinuing the payment of the dues commonly called the petty-port customs at Edinburgh, during the continuance of this act.

6. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there.

7. For redeeming the yearly fund of the South-Sea company (being after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum) and settling on the said company a yearly fund after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and to raise for an annuity or annuities at five pounds per centum per annum, any sum, not exceeding two millions, to be employed in lessening the national debts and incumbrances, and for making the said new yearly fund and annuities to be hereafter redeemable in the time and manner thereby prescribed.

8. For redeeming several funds of the governor and company of the bank of England, pursuant to former provisoes of redemption; and for securing to them several new funds and allowances redeemable by parliament; and for obliging them to advance further sums, not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand pounds, at five pounds per centum, as shall be found necessary to be employed in lessening the national debts and incumbrances; and for continuing certain provisions made for the expences of his Majesty’s civil government; and for payment of annuities formerly purchased at the rate of five pounds per centum; and for other purposes in this act mentioned.

9. For redeeming the duties and revenues which were settled to pay off principal and interest on the orders made forth on four lottery-acts passed in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majesty’s reign; and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the hereditary excise, according to a former act in that behalf; and for establishing a general yearly fund, not only for the future payment of annuities at several rates, to be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament, but also to raise monies for such proprietors of the said orders as shall choose to be paid their principal and arrears of interest in ready money; and for making good such other deficiencies and payments as in this act are mentioned; and for taking off the duties on linseed imported, and British linen exported.

10. For the better collecting and levying the revenue of the tenths of the clergy.

11. To explain and amend several laws therein mentioned for the better preservation of the game.

12. To impower commissioners in commissions of bankrupts, issued since the four and twentieth day of June 1706, and on or before the six and twentieth day of June 1716, to make certificates for bankrupts, and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, commissioners of the great seal, or two judges, to confirm the same, notwithstanding the acts of the fourth and fifth, and the fifth of Queen Anne, are expired; and for continuing a clause in a former act for adjusting accounts between bankrupts and their debtors.

13. For the better regulating of pilots for conducting of ships and vessels from Dover, Deal, and the isle of Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway.

14. To continue an act of the first year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for taking and stating the debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of equivalent, in the terms of the union ; and for relief of the creditors of the publick, and the commissioners of the equivalent.

15. For the better regulating the office of sheriffs, and for ascertaining their fees, and the fees for suing out their patents, and passing their accounts.

16. For the better enabling sheriffs to sue out their patents, and pass their accounts.

17. To enable his Majesty to appoint commissioners to take, examine, state and determine the debts due to the army.

18. For explaining an act passed the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to oblige papists to register their names and real estates and for enlarging the time for such registring, and for securing purchases, made by protestants.

19. For the King’s most gracious, general, and free pardon.

20. To enlarge the time for making claims before the commissioners appointed to inquire of the forfeited estates.

21. For continuing the liberty of exporting Irish linen cloth to the British plantations in America duty-free; and for the more effectual discovery of and prosecuting such as shall unlawfully export wool and woollen manufactures from Ireland; and for relief of John Fletcher, in respect of the duty by him paid for a quantity of salt lost in the exportation for Ireland.
