Acts passed in 1718, 5 George 1 c.1 - c.32
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 14
---

1. For granting to his Majesty an aid by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1719.

2. For continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year 1719. and for enlarging the time for entring at the exchequer such assignments of reversionary annuities as are therein mentioned; and for better securing the duties on hides and skins, vellom, and parchment.

3. For applying certain overplus monies, and further sums, to be raised, as well by way of a lottery, as by loans, towards paying off and cancelling exchequer bills, and for lessening the present great charge in relation to those bills; and for circulating and exchanging for ready money the residue of the same bills for the future.

4. For strengthening the protestant interest in these kingdoms.

5. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army, and their quarters.

6. For quieting and establishing corporations.

7. For continuing an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for encouraging the tobacco trade.

8. For the more effectual relief of such wives and children, as are left by their husbands, and parents, upon the charge of the parish.

9. For continuing certain duties upon coals and culm, and for establishing certain funds to raise money, as well to proceed in the building of new churches, as also to compleat the supply granted to his Majesty, and to reserve the overplus monies of the said duties for the disposition of parliament; and for more effectual suppressing private lotteries.

10. For enlarging the time granted by two acts of parliament, for repairs of the piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington; and for making the said acts more effectual.

11. Against clandestine running of uncustomed goods; and for the more effectual preventing of frauds relating to the customs.

12. For making more effectual the several acts past for repairing and amending the highways of this kingdom.

13. For the amendment of writs of error; and for the further preventing the arresting or reverting of judgments after verdict.

14. To continue the commissioners, appointed to examine, state and determine the debts due to the army; and to examine and state the demands of several foreign princes and states for subsidies during the late war.

15. For making more effectual an act of the third and fourth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for the more effectual discovery and punishment of deer-stealers.

16. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling upon every pint of ale or beer, that shall be vended or sold within the town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the harbour, and repairing the town-house, and building a school, and other publick buildings there; and for supplying the said town with fresh water.

17. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterlipg upon every pint of ale or beer, that shall be vended or sold within the town of Invernes, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there.

18. For recovering the credit of the British fishery in foreign parts; and better fecuring the duties on salt.

19. For redeeming the fund appropriated for payment of the lottery-tickets, which were made forth for the service of the year 1710, by a voluntary subscription of the proprietors into the capital stock of the South-Sea company; and for raising a sum of money to pay off such debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and to limit times for prosecutions upon bonds for exporting cards and dice.

20. For settling certain yearly funds payable out of the revenue of Scotland, to satisfy publick debts in Scotland, and other uses mentioned in the treaty of union; and to discharge the equivalents claimed on behalf of Scotland in the terms of the same treaty; and for obviating all future disputes, charges and expences, concerning those equivalents.

21. For the better securing the lawful trade of his Majesty’s subjects to and from the East-Indies; and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty’s subjects trading thither under foreign commissions.

22. For enlarging the time to determine claims on the forfeited estates.

23. For appointing a commissioner and trustee to put in execution the powers and authorities of the several acts of parliament relating to the forfeited estates, and estates given to superstitious uses, in the room of George Treby es;> who has desired to be discharged from the said trusts.

24. For the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts.

25. For continuing the act made in the eighth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne, to regulate the price and assize of bread; and for continuing the act made in the twelfth year of her said late Majesty’s reign, for the better encouragement of the making sail-cloth in Great Britain.

26. For preventing the mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in or near the cities of London and Westminster, or the suburbs thereof.

27. To prevent the inconveniencies arising from seducing artificers in the manufactures of Great Britain into foreign parts.

28. For the further punishment of such persons as shall unlawfully kill or destroy deer in parks, paddocks or other inclosed grounds.

29. For making more effectual the laws appointing the oaths for security or the government, to be taken by ministers and preachers in churches and meeting-houses in Scotland.

30. For amending and making more effectual the laws for repairing the highways, bridges, and ferries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

31. For enlarging the time granted by an act of the ninth and tenth years of King William, for cleansing and making navigable the channel from the Hyde at Colchecter to Wivenhoe; and for making the said act more effectual.

32. For relief of such sufferers of the islands of Nevis and St. Christophers, as have settled in either of those islands, and made due proof of such settlement before the twenty fifth day of December 1712.

