Acts passed in 1719, 6 George 1 c.1 - c.30
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 14
---

1. For granting to his Majesty an aid by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1720.

2. For continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1720, and for enabling the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to call in such exchequer-bills as are to be cancelled and discharged with money appointed for that purpose.

3. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

4. For enabling the South-Sea company to increase their present capital stock and fund, by redeeming such publick debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for raising money to be applied for lessening several of the publick debts and incumbrances; and for calling in the present exchequer-bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new bills in lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon demand at or near the exchequer.

5. For the better securing the dependency of the kingdom of Ireland upon the crown of Great Britain.

6. For preventing the carriage of excessive loads of meal, malt, bricks and coals, within ten miles of the cities of London and Westminster.

7. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Montrose, and privileges thereof, for supplying the said town with fresh water, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

8. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of beer or ale vended or sold within the town of Bruntisland and liberties thereof, for increasing the publick revenue of the said town, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

9. For laying a duty of two pennies scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint ot beer and ale that shall be vended or sold within the town of Pittenweem and liberties thereof, for repairing the harbour there, and for maintaining other publick works of the said town.

10. For making forth new exchequer-bills, not exceeding one million, at a certain interest; and for lending the same to the South-Sea company at an higher interest, upon security of repaying the same and such high interest into the exchequer, for uses to which the fund for lessening the publick debts (called the sinking fund) is applicable; and for circulating and exchanging upon demand the said bills at or near the exchequer.

11. For laying a duty upon wrought plate; and for applying money arising for the clear produce (by sale of the forfeited estates) towards answering his Majesty's supply; and for taking off the drawbacks upon hops exported for Ireland; and for payment of annuities, to be purchased after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum at the exchequer, redeemable by parliament; and for appropriating supplies granted in this session of parliament; and to prevent counterfeiting receipts and warrants of the officers of the Soutb-Sea company; and for explaining a late act concerning foreign salt cellared and locked up before the four and twentieth day of June 1719; and to give a further time for paying duties on certain apprentices indentures; and for relief of Thomas Vernon, esq; in relation to a parcel of senna imported in the year 1716.

12. For preventing of frauds and abuses in the allowances on damaged wines, and for lengthening the time for the drawbacks on the exportation of wines.

13. For ascertaining the breadths, and preventing frauds and abuses in manufacturing serges, pladings amd singrums, and for regulating the manufactures of stockings, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

14. For prohibiting the importation of raw silk and mohair yarn of the product or manufacture of Asia, from any ports or places in the Streights or Levant seas, except such ports and places as are within the dominions of the Grand Seignior.

15. To repeal so much of the act, intituled, An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in his Meajesty's customs, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of King Charles the Second, as relates to the prohibiting the importation of deal-boards and fir-timber from Germany.

16. To explain and amend an act passed in the first year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act to encourage the planting of timber-trees, fruit-trees, and other trees,for ornament, shelter or profit, and for the better preservation of the same, and for the preventing the burning of woods, and for the better preservation of the fences of such woods.

17. For appointing commissioners to examine, state and determine the debts due to the army; and to examine and state demands of several foreign princes and states for subsidies during the late war.

18. For better securing certain powers and privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty by two charters, for assurance of ships and merchandizes at sea, and for lending money upon bottomry; and for restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable practices therein mentioned.

19. For making perpetual so much of an act made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, For the reviving and continuing several acts therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing county gaols; and also an act of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, for the more effectual suppression of piracy; and for making more effectual the act of the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for establishing articles and orders for the regulating and better government of his Majesty's ships of war and forces by sea.

20. For continuing the acts formerly made for repairing the highways in the county or Hertford therein mentioned, and for making the said acts more effectual.

21. For preventing frauds and abuses in the publick revenues of excise, customs, stamp-duties, post-office, and house-money.

22. For relief of insolvent debtors, and for the more easy discharge of bankrupts out of execution, after their certificates allowed.

23. For the further preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies, and for the more effectual transportation of felons.

24. For better explaining the nature of conveyances to be made to the purchasers of the forfeited estates by the commissioners and trustees acting in Scotland; and for preventing difficulties in determining claims on the said estates; and to enable the judges in Ireland to examine witnesses relating to claims on forfeited estates there; and for enabling such corporations as shall purchase any of the said estates, to grant annuities, not exceeding the yearly value of the said estates; and for relieving the widow and daughters of the late Sir Donald Macdonald.

25. For repairing the roads from Stevenidge in the county of Hertford, to Biggleswade in the county of Bedford.

26. For enlarging the term granted by an act in the fourth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for repairing the highway, leading from the Stones-End in Kent-street to the Lime-Kilns in East-Greenwich near Black Heath, and to Lewisham church, being the Tunbridge road in the county of Kent; and for repairing and amending the highways and roads leading from Westminster ferry in the parish of Lambeth in the county of Surrey, to New-Cross in the parish of Deptford in the county of Kent; and for enlarging the term granted by an act passed in the fourth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for amending the roads from the city of London to the town of East-Grinstead in the county of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston in the county of Surrey; and for explaining and amending the same act.

27. For making the river Darwent in the county of Derby navigable.

28. For making the river Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the river Kibble to Wigan in the county palatine of Lancaster.

29. For preserving and improving the navigation of the river Ouse In the county of Huntingdon.

30. For making the river Idle navigable, from East-Retford in the county of Nottingham, to Bawtry-Wharf in the county of York.

