Acts passed in 1723, 10 George 1 c.1 - c.20
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 15
---

1. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax in Great Britain, to be raised for the service of the year 1724.

2. For continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, to raise money by way of a lottery, for the service or the year 1724, and touching lost bills, tickets, certificates, or orders; and for giving further time for payment of the duties on money given with apprentices; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

3. For the punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

4. For explaining and amending an act of the last session of parliament, entitled, An act to oblige all persons, being papists, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all persons in Great Britain, refusing or neglecting to take the oaths appointed for the security of his Majesty's person and government, by several acts herein mentioned, to register their names and real estates; and for enlarging the time for taking the said oaths, and making such registers, and for allowing farther time for the inrollment of deeds or wills made by papists, which have been omitted to be enrolled, pursuant to an act of the third year of his Majesty’s reign; and also for giving relief to protestant lessees. 

5. For redeeming certain annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum; and for payment of the principal and interest on the standing orders for the blank tickets in the lottery granted for the service of the year 1714, and for making good the loss, which happened in the treasury of his Majesty’s exchequer, by the reduction of guineas; and for granting relief to Catherine Collingwood, widow. 

6. For enlarging the term granted by an act, passed in the third year of his Majesty’s reign, entitled, An act for repairing the highways from that part of Counter's Bridge, which lies in the parish of Kensington in the county of Middlesex, to the powder mills in the road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge in the said county in the road to Colnebrook; and for making the said act more effectual. 

7. For making more effectual an act made in the ninth year of his Majesty’s reign, entitled, An act for compleating the repairs of the harbour of Dover, in the county of Kent; and for restoring the harbour of Rye in the county of Sussex, to its ancient goodness, sofar as the same relates to the harbour of Rye.

8. For reviving an act passed in the tenth year of her late Majesty’s reign, entitled, An act to make a causey over the Denes from Great Yarmouth to Caister in the county of Norfolk; and for making the said act more effectual.

9. For repairing and amending the highways from the north part of Harlow Bush common, in the parish of Harlow, to Woodford in the county of Essex.

10. For repealing certain duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, coconuts, chocolate and cocoa paste imported; and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the importation of chocolate ready made, and cocoa paste; and for better ascertaining the duties payable upon coffee, tea, and coconuts imported; and for granting relief to Robert Dalzell, late earl of Cornwall.

11. To prevent multiplicity of prosecutions upon an act made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Third; entitled, An act for the more effectual employing the poor by encouraging the manufactures of this kingdom.

12. For repairing the roads leading from Stump Cross, in the parish of Cbesterford, in the county of Essex, to Newmarket Heath, and the town of Cambridge, in the county of Cambridge.

13. For amending the roads from thestones end in southwark, to Highgate, at the entrance of Ashdown Forest, in the parish of East Grinstead, in the county of Sussex, and from Kingston to Burton Common, and also the lane leading from from Wood Hatch to Sidlow Mill, and the lanes called Horsehills, Bonehurst, alias Boners, and Peteridge lanes, in the county of Surry by enlarging the term granted by two former acts, one of the fourth, and the other of the sixth year of his Majesty’s reign.

14. For enlarging the times for hearing and determining claims by the trustees for raising money upon the estates of the late directors of the South-Sea company, and others; and for reviving and continuing the provision formerly made against requiring special bail in actions or suits upon contrasts for stock or subscriptions, between the first day of December, 1719. and the first day of December, 1720. and for other purposes therein mentioned.

15. For repairing the road leading from Dunchurch, in the county of Warwick, to the bottom of Miriden Hill in the same county.

16. For encouraging the Greenland fishery.

17. For continuing acts for preventing theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England, and for better regulating of pilots; and for regulating the price and assize of bread; and for better encouragment of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain.

18. To explain and amend an act passed in the sixth year of his Majesty’s reign, entitled, An act for ascertaining the breadths, and preventing frauds and abuses in manufacturing serges, pladdings, and singrums, and for regulating the manufactures of stockings in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the same relates to serges.

19. For explaining the law concerning the trial and admission of the ordinary lords of session.

20. For the better viewing, searching, and examining all drugs, medicines, waters, oils, competitions, used or to be used for medicines, in all places where the same shall be exposed to sale, or kept for that purpose, within the city of London and suburbs thereof, or within seven miles circuit of the said city.

