Acts passed in 1726, 13 George 1 c.1 - c.35
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 15
---

1. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain for the service of the year 1727.

2. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. For redeeming sundry annuities transferrable at the bank of England, and the annuities payable on standing orders for army debentures, by the produce of the sinking fund, for applying to the same fund the money remaining in the exchequer, on the head of the bankers debt, and making provision for future claims on the same debt, and for applying the lottery-tickets Anno 1726. which were returned into the exchequer, to the discharging the standing orders made out for the sufferers at Nevis and St. Christopher's as far as the same will extend.

4. For cleansing, deepening and widening a creek called Beverley Beck, running into the river Hull, and for repairing the staiths near the said beck, and for amending the roads leading from the said river to the town of Beverley, in the east-riding of the county of York, and for cleaning the streets of the said town.

5. For importing salt from Europe into the province of Pensilvania in America.

6. For making more effectual an act passed in the third year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for the preservation and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland in the county of Durham.

7. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year 1727. and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets, and orders lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

8. To enable the South-Sea company, with the license and consent of the East-India company, to take in negroes within their limits of trade, and to deliver the same at Buenos Ayres.

9. For repairing, widening and amending the roads from Wigan to Preston in the county of Lancaster.

10. For repairing, widening and amending the road from Warrington to Wigan in the county of Lancaster.

11. For repairing the roads leading from Cirencester town’s end to St. John's Bridge in the county of Gloucester.

12. For amending the several roads leading from the city of Bristol.

13. For repairing the road leading from Studley Bridge through Chippenham in the county of Wilts, to the top of Toghill in the county of Gloucester.

14. For repairing the several roads leading from Birmingham through the town of Wednesbury to a place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the end of Gibbet-Lane, next adjoining to the township of Bilson, and from Great Bridge through Dudley to Kingswinford, and to the further end of Brittle-Lane, in the counties of Warwick, Stafford and Worcester.

15. For repairing the roads leading from the town of Bromsgrove to the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcester; and from the said town of Bromsgrove to the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick.

16. For repairing the several roads leading from the town of Warminster in the county of Wilts.

17. For amending and repairing the roads from Luton in the county of Bedford, to Westwood-Gate in the said county.

18. For the effectual draining and preservation of Haddenham Level in the isle of Ely.

19. For repealing part, and making more effectual the residue of an act of parliament made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the incorporating certain persons for the better providing for, and setting at work the poor in the city of Gloucester.

20. For improving the navigation of the river Dun, from a place called Holmestile, in the township of Doncaster, in the county of York, to Wilsick-House, in the parish of Barmby Dun, in the said county.

21. For granting to his Majesty the sum of three hundred and seventy thousand pounds, to be raised by loans or exchequer-bills, to be charged on the surplus monies of the duties on coals and culm, granted by an act of the fifth year of his Majesty’s reign, for a term of years, and since made perpetual.

22. For enlarging the times for hearing and determining claims by the trustees for raising money upon the estates of the late directors of the South-Sea company and others; and for relief of the creditors of Robert Knight esq; late cashier of the said company, and for relief of persons who have entred claims for contingent debts and incumbrances; and for giving time to Ralph Gulston, and other creditors of Edward Gibbon esq; to enter claims before the said trustees for a debt specified in the inventory of the said Edward Gibbon; and for impowering the trustees to dismiss claims for want of prosecution; and for applying the produce of the said estates for the benefit of the South-Sea company.

23. For the better regulation of the woollen manufacture, and for preventing disputes among the persons concerned therein; and for limiting a time for prosecuting for the forfeiture appointed by an act of the twelfth year of his Majesty’s reign, in case of payment of the workmen’s wages in any other manner than in money.

24. For preventing frauds and abuses in the dying trade.

2$. For the free importation of cochineal, during the time therein limited.

26. For better regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

27. For continuing the laws therein mentioned relating to copper bars exported; and for better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts; and for searching drugs and compositions for medicines.

28. For sale of such of the forfeited estates in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unsold, and are vested in the crown; and for determining such claims on the said estates, as having been duly entred, remain undetermined.

29. For allowing further time to persons on board the fleet, or beyond the seas in his Majesty’s service, to qualify themselves for the legal emjoyment of offices and employments, and for indemnifying such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves within the time limited for that purpose, and for the better ascertaining such time.

30. For encouraging and promoting fisheries, and other manufactures and improvements, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

31. For repairing the road from Cranford Bridge, in the county of Middlesex, to that end of Maidenhead Bridge, which lies in the county of Bucks.

32. For the more effectual amending the highways leading from Royston in the county of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge in the county of Huntingdon.

33. For improving the navigation of the river Ouze in the county of York.

34. For explaining and amending an act passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled, An act for making navigable the rivers Wye and Lugg, in the county of Hereford; and for making the same more effectual.

35. For establishing a certain provision for maintaining the curate of the parish of St. Katharine Cree-Church, alias Christ-Church, London; and for repairing and supporting the chancel of the said parish-church.

