Acts passed in 1729, 2 George 2 c.1 - c.36
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 16
---

1. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the  service of the year 1729. and for making good the deficiency of a late malt act.

2. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. For raising the sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, by sale of annuities to the bank of England, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and for applying the produce of the sinking fund.

4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain for the service of the year 1729.

5. For repairing the roads leading from Cannal's Gate to the city of Lichfield, and from the said city to Stone, and from thence to the end of the county of Stafford, in the post road towards Chester; and also from the town of Burton upon Trent, to the said city of Lichfield, and from thence to Wood End and Ogley Hay; and also from the said city of Lichfield, to High Bridges in the county of Stafford, and the county of the said city of Lichfield.

6. For making good the loss occasioned by a sum of money being stolen out of his  Majesty’s exchequer, in the year 1724.

7. For the more effectual collecting in Great Britain and Ireland, and other parts of his  Majesty’s dominions, the duties granted for the support of the royal hospital at Greenwich.

8. To discharge the trustees appointed by an act of the seventh year of his late  Majesty’s reign (for raising money upon the estates of the late directors of the South-Sea company, and others) of their trust, and to vest in the said company such of the estates, which were vested in the said trustees, as remain undisposed of, as also the produce of such estates and effects, as have been disposed of by the trustees.

9. To repeal a clause in an act made in the ninth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, which prohibits the importation of tobacco stript from the stalk or stem.

10. For making the hamlet of Spittle Fields, in the parish of St. Dunstan Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the county of Middlesex, a distinct parish; and for providing a maintenance for the minister of such new parish.

11. For better paving and cleaning the streets in the city and liberty of Westminster, and other places within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, in the county of Middlesex.

12. For the more effectual repairing the highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the county of Wilts, and other ruinous parts of the highways thereunto adjacent.

13. For repairing the several roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Leominfter, in the county of Hereford.

14. For making more effectual the acts passed for repairing the roads from the stones end in Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, to the furthermost part of the northern road in the parish of Enfield, in the same county, next to the parish of Cheshunt in the county of Hertford; and for amending the road from the watch-house in Edmunton, to the market place in Enfield.

15. To explain and amend an act made in the twelfth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act to prevent abuces in the making of bricks and tiles, and to ascertain the dimensions thereof and to prevent all unlawful combinations amongst any brick-makers or tilemakers, within fifteen miles of the city of London, in order to advance or enhance the price of bricks or tiles.

16. To make the chapel of ease of the holy and undivided Trinity in the town of Leeds, in the county of York, a perpetual cure and benefice; and for defraying of some exspences in finishing the said chapel, yet remaining unpaid.

17. For laying a duty upon compound waters or spirits, and for licensing the retailers thereof.

18. To ascertain the custom payable for corn and grain imported; for better ascertaining the price and quantity of corn and grain, for which a bounty is payable upon exportation; for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

19. For regulating, well ordering, governing, and improving the oyster fishery in the river Medway and waters thereof, under the authority of the mayor and citizens of the city of Rochester in the county of Kent.

20. For the relief of insolvent debtors.

21. For the trial of murders, in cases where either the stroke or death only happens within that part of Great Britain called England.

22. For the relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons.

23. For the better regulation of attornies and solicitors.

24. For the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the elections of members to serve in parliament.

25. For the more effectual preventing, and further punishment of forgery, perjury, and subornation of perjury; and to make it felony to deal bonds, notes or other securities, for payment of money.

26. For making more effectual several acts passed relating to watermen, wherrymen and lightermen, rowing on the river Thames, and for better ordering and governing such watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen.

27. To enable her Majesty to be regent of this kingdom, during his  Majesty’s absence, without taking the oaths.

28. To revive the laws therein mentioned, relating to the importation of foreign brandy, and other waters and spirits; for importation, of cochineal; to continue several acts for preventing frauds in the customs; for encouragement of the silk manufactures of this kingdom; for making copper ore of the British plantations an enumerated commodity; for making perpetual an act therein mentioned, for suppressing of piracy; for enabling persons prosecuted upon the Capias, in relation to the running of goods, to defend in Forma Pauperis; far more effectual debarring of unlawful games; for licensing retailers of brandy, and other distilled liquors, and for better regulation of licences for common inns and ale-houses.

29. To impower his Majesty to visit the collegiate church of Manchester, during such time as the wardenship of the said church is or shall he held in Commendam with the bishoprick of Chester.

30. For making the hamlet of Wapping Stepney, in the parish of St. Dunstan Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the county of Middlesex, a distinct parish, and for providing a maintenance for the minister of the new church there.

31. For indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices or employments, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for repealing so much of an act of parliament passed in the first year of his late majesty King George the First, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices or employments within three months, and for limiting other times for such qualifications; as also for the repeal of so much of an act passed 30 Car. 2. as relates to the sworn servants of the King’s or Queen’s majesty.

32. To impower his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the life of Thomas Bambridge esq; to grant the office of warden of the prison of the Fleet, to such person or persons as his Majesty shall think fit; and to incapacitate the said Thomas Bambridge to enjoy the said office, or any other whatsoever.

33. For obviating any doubts or difficulties that may arise from an act passed in the first year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in the thirteenth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for sale of such of the forfeited estates in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unsold, and are vested in the crown; and for determining such claims on the said estates, as, having been duly entred, remain undetermined.

34. For establishing an agreement with seven of the lords proprietors of Carolina, for the surrender of their title and interest in that province to his Majesty.

35. For the better preservation of his  Majesty’s woods in America, and for the encouragement of the importation of naval stores from thence; and to encourage the importation of masts, yards and bow-sprights, from that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

36. For the better regulation and government of seamen in the merchants service.
