Acts passed in 1730, 3 George 2 c.1 - c.31
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 16
---

1. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the  service of the year 1730.

2. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. For providing a maintenance for the minister of the parish church of St. Mary Stratford Bow, in the county of Middlesex.

4. For making more effectual an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing and widening the road from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chapple in the Frith in the county of Derby to Manchester in the county of Lancaster.

5. To enable his Majesty to prohibit any person or persons, his Majesty's subjects, or residing within this kingdom, to advance or lend any sum or sums of money to any foreign prince, state, or potentate, without licence obtained from his Majesty under his privy seal, or some greater authority.

6. For making more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the roads therein mentioned between Crackley Bank in the parish of Idsall, alias Shiffnall, and the town of Shrewsbury in the county of Salop.

7. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the  service of the year 1730. for exempting from the said duties cyder and perry used for distilling; for ascertaining the bounty for malt exported; for better preventing frauds in the malting of corn for exportation; for making good the deficiency of a late malt act; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

8. For the better regulating elections in the city of Norwich, and for preserving the peace, good order, and government of the said city.

9. For repairing the road leading from a gate called Shipston Toll Gate, at Bridge Town, in the parish of Old Stratford, in the county of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton Hill in the said county.

10. For repairing the road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chase in the parish of South Mims in the county of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford.

11. For reviving and amending an act made in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An act to prevent exactions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river of Thames westward, and for ascertaining the rates of water carriage upon the said river.

12. For importing salt from Europe into the colony of New York in America.

13. For making navigable the river Stroudwater in the county of Gloucester, from the Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge near the town of Stroud in the same county.

14. For reducing the annuity or fund of the united East-India company, and for ascertaining their right of trade to the East-Indies, and the continuance of their corporation for that purpose, upon the terms therein mentioned.

15. For repairing and widening the road from that part of Chatham, which lies next to the city of Rochester, to St. Dunstan's Cross near the city of Canterbury, in the county of Kent; and for repealing so much of a former act, as appropriates part of the money arising by the tolls or duties therein mentioned, towards repairing the road between the town of Chatham, and Boughton under the Blean, in the said county of Kent.

16. For raising five hundred and fifty thousand pounds by exchequer bills, towards the supply granted to his Majesty and for the further application of the produce of the sinking fund; for applying the arrears of former land-taxes; for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for giving relief with respect to an overpayment to the land-tax, for the year 1721. by the receiver general for the county of Salop.

17. For making the hamlet of Limehouse, and part of the hamlet of Ratcliffe, in the parish of St. Dunstan Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the county of Middlesex, a distinct parish, and for providing a maintenance for the minister of the new church there.

18. For repairing the several roads leading into the city of Hereford.

19. For providing a maintenance for the minister of the new church near Bloomsbury Market in the county of Middlesex; and for making more effectual an act passed in the fourth year of his late Majesty’s reign, for impowering the commissioners for building the fifty new churches, to direct the parish church of St. Giles in the Fields, in the said county, to be rebuilt, instead of one of the said fifty new churches.

20. For taking off certain duties on salt, and for making good any deficiencies in the funds, that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced annuity, payable to the East-India company, on the aggregate fund; and for relief of Matthew Lyon executor of Matthew Page deceased, in respect of the duty for salt lost by the overflowing of the river Mercy, in the year 1724.

21. For repairing and amending the several roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enston, to Roll Right Lane, and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the county of Oxon.

22. For amending the acts therein mentioned relating to the making of bricks.

23. For amending and making more effectual an act made in the second and third years of the reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the erecting a workhouse in the city of Worcester, and for setting the poor on work there.

24. For making a new road, and for repairing and amending the antient road, between the towns of Wisbech and March, in the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

25, For the better regulation of juries.

26. For the better regulation of the coal trade.

27. For explaining and amending an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for the relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons.

28. For granting liberty to carry rice from his  Majesty’s province of Carolina in America directly to any part of Europe southward of cape Finisterre, in ships, built in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to law.

29. For continuing and amending an act for regulating the price and assize of bread; for relief of bankrupts, whose certificates were not allowed before the expiration of a late act (for the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts) for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds or wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers and lessees; and for making further provision concerning certificates relating to the settlements of poor persons, and the charges of maintaining and removing certificated persons.

30. To put an end to certain disputes touching orders and decrees made in the court of chancery.

31. For the admission and regulation of brokers within the city of Bristol.

32. For enabling the judges of the court of session in Scotland, to make an adjournment of the said court; and for limiting the time for the execution of sentences importing corporal punishments, in that part of the kingdom.

33. For providing a maintenance for the minister of the new parish church of St. Nicholas Deptford, in the counties of Kent and Surrey, and for making the same a distinct parish.

34. For repairing several roads leading into the town of Bridgewater in the county of Somerset.

35. For making the acts of the first and seventh years of his late  Majesty’s reign (for making the river Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury in the county of Berks) more effectual.

36. For confirming a patent granted by her late Majesty Queen Anne to William Trench esq; deceased, for erecting a lighthouse upon the island or rock called Skerries, and for the better maintenance of the said lighthouse, and for making the duties granted for maintaining the same perpetual.

37. To explain, amend, and render more effectual an act made in the tenth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, intituled,  An act for repairing the roads leading from Stump-Cross, in the parish of Chesterford in the county of Essex, to Newmarket-Heath, and the town of Cambridge in the county of Cambridge, and also an act made in the eleventh year of his said late  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for repairing part of the road from London to Cambridge, beginning at the end of the parish of Foulmire in the said county, next to Barley in the county of Hertford, and ending at the pavement in Trumpington-Street, in the town of Cambridge.
