Acts passed in 1731, 4 George 2 c.1 - c.34
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 16
---

1. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the  service of the year 1731.

2. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. For repairing the roads leading from the most southern part of Butt Lane in the parish of Lawton, in the county palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshal's Smithy upon Cranage Green in the said county.

4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain for the  service of the year 1731.

5. For the further application of the sinking fund, by paying off one million of South-Sea annuities.

6. To indemnify persons who through ignorance of law have omitted to qualify themselves for employments or offices, by taking the oaths, and making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation, and receiving the sacrament; and members of corporations, who have neglected to take the oaths of office, and persons who have not read the Common Prayer, and declared their assent and consent to the same, according to law, upon the terms therein mentioned.

7. To explain and amend an act made in the third year of his  Majesty’s reign, intituled,  An act for the better regulation of juries, so far as the same relates to the county of Middlesex.

8. For the more effectual repairing the road leading from Godstone in the county of Surrey, to Highgate, at the entrance into Ashdown Forest in the parish of East Grinstead, in the county of Sussex.

9. For raising one million two hundred thousand pounds by annuities, and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament, and for making forth duplicates of exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets, and orders lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

10. To enable ideots and lunaticks, who are seised or possessed of estates in fee, or for lives, or terms of years, in trust, or by way of mortgage, to make conveyances, surrenders, or  assignments of such estates.

11. For continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Dundee, and privileges thereof, for paying the publick debts of the said town, repairing the harbour there, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

12. To continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money.

13. For the further continuing the duties granted by an act passed in the parliament of Scotland, in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety five, and continued by an act passed in the year one thousand seven hundred and seven, for paying off the debts of the town of Aberdeen, and for the other publick uses of the said town.

14. To prevent frauds in the revenue of excise, with respect to starch, coffee, tea, and chocolate.

15. For importing from his  Majesty’s plantations in America, directly into Ireland, goods not enumerated in any act of parliament.

16. To prevent the stealing of linen, fustian and cotton goods and wares, from fields, grounds, and other places, used for whitening, bleaching, or drying the same.

17. For repairing and keeping in repair the pier or piers, and harbour of Newhaven in the county of Sussex.

18. To prevent counterfeiting the passes commonly called Mediterranean passes.

19. For repairing and keeping in repair the pier and harbour of Ilfordcombe in the county of Devon.

20. For rebuilding the parish church of Gravesend, in the county of Kent, as one of the fifty new churches directed to be built by two acts of parliament, one made in the ninth, and the other in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

21. To explain a clause in an act made in the seventh year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (for naturalizing foreign protestants) which relates to the children of the natural-born subjects of the crown of England, or of Great Britain.

22. To explain and amend an act passed in the thirteenth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for amending the several roads leading from the city of Bristol.

23. For repairing the road leading from Chappel on the Heath, in the county of Oxon, to the quarry above Bourton on the Hill, in the county of Gloucester.

24. To explain and amend a clause in an act passed in the second year of his  Majesty’s reign (for making more effectual several acts relating to watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, rowing on the river Thames) so far as the same relates to ferry-boats, and flat-bottomed boats.

25. For confirming an agreement lately entred into between the mayor, aldermen and citizens of the city of Worcester, and the guardians of the poor of the said city, for continuing the hop-market of the said city in the workhouse there; and for vesting the right of the said mayor, aldermen and citizens, of keeping a hop-market in the said city, in the guardians of the poor of the said city, and their successors for ever.

26. Thaat all proceedings in courts of justice, within that part of Great Britain called England, and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English language.

27. For further encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth, by taking off the duties and drawbacks therein mentioned; and allowing an additional bounty on British made sail-cloth exported; and for stamping British made sail-cloth with the name and place of abode of the maker.

28. For the more effectual preventing frauds committed by tenants, and for the more easy recovery of rents, and renewal of leases.

29. For granting an allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder.

30. For rendring more effectual an act made in the third year of his  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for the better regulation of the coal trader so far as the same relates to the preventing the inhancing the price of coals in the river Thames by the keeping of turn in delivering of coals there.

31. For making more effectual an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening and amending the roads from Wigan to Preston in the county of Lancaster.

32. For the more effectual punishing stealers of lead, or iron bars fixed to houses, or any fences belonging thereunto.

33. For obviating a doubt which hath arisen concerning the usual allowance made upon the delivery of letters sent by the penny-post to places out of the cities of London and Westminster, and borough of Southwark, and the respective suburbs thereof.

34. For repairing the road leading from the town of Fulham in the county of Middlesex, through Fulham fields, to the great road near the pound at Hammersmith in the said county.

