Acts passed in 1733, 6 George 2 c.1 - c.38
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 16
---

1. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the  service of the year 1733. and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

2. To allow a further time to John Thomson to appear and produce the books, and discover the effects, of The charitable corporation for relief of industrious poor, by assisting them with small sums upon pledges, at legal interest, and to be examined thereupon at the times and places fixed in the bill, and for allowing the said John Thomson a proportion out of the effects of the said corporation, which he shall discover, and for preventing fraudulent releasing or assigning any debt due, from George Robinson, or the said John Thomson, or either of them.

3. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

4. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for employments or offices by taking the oaths, and making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation, and receiving the sacrament, and allowing them further time for that purpose.

5. For allowing further time for the inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers and lessees.

6. For obviating a doubt which may arise upon an act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act that all proceedings in the courts of justice within that part of Great Britain called England, and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English language, so far as the dame doth or may relate to the court of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, or to any member or branches thereof.

7. For the free importation and exportation of diamonds, pearls, rubies, emeralds, and ail other jewels and precious stones.

8. For rebuilding the parish church of St. George the Martyr, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, as one of the fifty new churches directed to be built by two acts of parliament, one made in the ninth, the other in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne.

9. To explain and amend two acts of parliament, one made in the twelfth, and the other in the thirteenth year of his late Majesty’s reign, for making navigable the river Dun in the county of York, and for the better perfecting and maintaining the said navigation, and for uniting the several proprietors thereof into one company.

10. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1733.

11. For providing a maintenance for the minister of the new church of Horslydown, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, and for making the district assigned to the same a distinct parish, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

12. For erecting piers in and for repairing and keeping in repair the harbour of Little Hampton called Arundel Port in the county of Sussex.

13. For the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty’s sugar colonies in America.

14. For the more effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious arrests, and for the more easy recovery of debts and damages in the courts of great sessions in the principality of Wales, and in the court of assize in the county palatine of Chester, and for the obviating a doubt which has arisen upon an act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty’s reign intituled, An act, that all proceedings in courts of justice, within that part of Great Britain called England, and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English language, so far as the same act doth or may relate to the courts of justice holden within the said principality, and for explaining and amensing the said act.

15, For making more effectual an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the roads therein mentioned, from the parish of Enfield in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Hertford, and to the great bridge in Ware, in the county of Hertford, and for amending the road from the said great bridge to the south end of the great bridge at Wades Mill, and from the great road at Cheshunt, to the west end of Small Lea Bridge in the said county of Hertford.

16. For repairing the roads leading from a place called Saint Johns Bridge in the county of Berks, to a place called Fyfeld in the said county.

17. For repealing an act for laying a duty on compound waters or spirits, and for licensing the retailers thereof, and for determining certain duties on French brandy, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for enforcing the laws for preventing the running of brandies.

18. For continuing a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer brewed and sold within the town of Linlithgow, and liberties thereof, in the county of West Lothian, for paying the debts of the said town, and other purposes therein mentioned.

19. For making a chapel in the town of Tiverton in the county of Devon, a perpetual cure, and for providing a maintenance for the ministers who shall officiate therein.

20. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled. An act for the better repairing and amending the road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the road called the Pye Road, in the county of Suffolk, and for amending the roads leadsing from Yaxley Bull through Eye, to Lanthorn Green in the said county.

21. For providing a maintenance for the rector of the new church near Old-Street, in the parish of St. Giles Cripplegate, and for making that part of the said parish which is called The lordship part a distinct parish, and for impowering the commissioners for building of the fifty new churches, to apply a sum of money to wall in the said church and church yard, and to erect a house for the habitation of the rector of the said church, out of the money appropriated for the endowment of the said fifty new churches.

22. For filling up such part of the channel of Bridewell-Dock and Fleet-Ditch, as lies between Holborn Bridge and Fleet-Bridge, and for converting the ground, when filled up, to the use of the city of London.

23. To explain and amend an act made in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled. An act for the further regulating elections of members to serve in parliament, and for the preventing	irregular proceedings of sheriffs and other officers in the electing and returning such members, so far as the same relates to the holding of county courts.

24. For the more effectual repairing the roads leading from Wades-Mill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Royston in the said county.

25. For enabling his Majesty to apply five hundred thousand pounds out of the sinking fund, for the  service of the year 1733. and for the further disposition of the said fund, by paying off one million of South-Sea annuities; and for enabling his Majesty, out of the monies arisen by sale of the lands in the island of St. Christopher, to pay the sum of eighty thousand pounds, for the marriage portion of the princess royal, and ten thousand pounds to the trustees for establishing the colony of Georgia in America; and for making good all deficiencies and charges, by taking of broad pieces into the mint out of the coinage duty; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for issuing to the subdean, treasurer, and steward of the collegiate church of St. Peter Westminster, out of the monies reserved for building fifty new churches within the cities of London and Westminster, and the suburbs thereof, and for making provisions for the ministers of the same, four thousand pounds for the repair of the said collegiate church, and twelve hundred pounds for finishing the dormitory belonging thereunto.

26. To prevent the coining or counterfeiting any of the gold coins, commonly called Broad Pieces.

27. To explain and amend an act made in the second year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for the better regulation of attornies and solicitors.

28. For the converting a further part of the capital stock of the South-Sea company into annuities redeemable by parliament, and for settling the remaining part of the said stock in the said company.

29. For the better regulation of lastage and ballastage in the river Thames.

30. To recover and preserve the navigation of the river Dee, in the county palatine of Chester.

31. For the relief of parishes, and other places, from such charges as may arise from bastard children born within the same.

32. To enable certain persons to propound the papers importing to be the last will, codicils, and testamentary schedules of Richard Norton late of Southwick in the county of Southampton esq; deceased, in the prerogative court of Canterbury, and to sue for administration with the same annexed.

33. For the further encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty’s British subjects.

34. For reviving so much of the act made in the first year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act to oblige ships coming from places infected more effectually to perform their quarentine, and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the irles of Guernrey, Jerrey, Alderney, Sark or Man, and to hinder the rpreading of infection, as relates to the performing of quarentine, and preventing the rpreading of infection, and to enable his Majesty to prohibit commerce with any country or place infected with the plague, for a certain time therein limited.

35. For appointing commissioners to examine, state and report, who of the sufferers in The charitable corporation are objects of compassion, according to the descriptions therein mentioned; and for giving relief to such sufferers; and for enforcing the laws made against foreign lotteries; and for impowering the said commissioners to hear and determine the claims of such creditors and proprietors of the said corporation, as have not made their claims within the time limited by an act made in the last session of parliament, for takings stating and determining all the claims and demands of the creditors of the said corporation, and of all persons claiming any share or interest in the stock or fund of the said corporation.

36. For making effectual such agreement as shall be made between the charitable corporation for relief of industrious poor, by assisting them with small sums upon pledges, at legal interest, and their creditors.

37. For making perpetual the several acts therein mentioned, for the better regulation of juries, and for impowering the justices of session or

 assizes for the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, to appoint a special jury in manner therein mentioned, and for continuing the act for regulating the manufacture of cloth, in the West-Riding of the county of York (except a clause therein contained) and for continuing an act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed persons going armed in disguise, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or any sea-bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds; and for continuing an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain clauses in two other acts made for the same purpose.

38. For enlarging the time for exportation of tea.

