Acts passed in 1734, 7 George 2 c.1 - c.29
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 16
---

1. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty four; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

2. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. For exhibiting a bill in this present parliament,for naturalizing his highness the prince of Orange.

4. For naturalizing the most serene prince William Charles Henry Friso, prince of Orange and Nassau.

5. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Montrose, and privileges thereof, for supplying the said town with fresh water, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6. For granting and continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of seven years; and for licensing the erecting new refineries of rock salt in the counties of Essex and Suffolk.

7. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty four.

8. To prevent the infamous practice of stock-jobbing.

9. To explain and make more effectual the laws in being, to oblige the possessors of lands adjacent to common highways, to cut and keep low such hedges as are adjoining to the said highways.

10. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for imployments or offices, by taking the oaths, and making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation, and receiving the sacrament, and to allow them further time for that purpose; and to enable the vice-chancellor of the university, and mayor of the town of Cambridge, to act as justices of the peace for the county of Cambridge, notwithstanding the act for the further qualification of justices of the peace.

11. For the application and disposal of the residue of the money raised by way of lottery, on the credit of an act made in the last session of parliament, for the relief of such sufferers in the charitable corporation, as are objects of compassion, according to the descriptions therein mentioned.

12. For enabling his Majesty to apply the sum of one million two hundred thousand pounds out of the sinking fund, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty four; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

13. To enable his Majesty to continue and settle an annuity of five thousand pounds on the princess royal during the term of her natural life, in case she shall survive his Majesty.

14. For ascertaining the duties upon arrack, and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

15. To settle how far owners of ships shall be ancwerable for the acts of the masters or mariners.

16. For the better regulating the election of members to serve in the house of commons, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating the judges of the court of session, court of judiciary, and barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to sit or vote as members of the house of commons.

17. To explain an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for the converting a further part of the capital stock of the South-Sea company into annuities redeemable by parliament, and for settling the remaining part of the said stock in the said company, so far as the said act relates to the paying off the bonds of the said company.

18. For the revival of an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,  An act for the free importation of cochineal during the time therein limited; and also for the free importation of indico.

19. For the more effectual preventing the clandestine importation of foreign hops into Great Britain and Ireland, and to prevent the adulterating or sophisticating of hops to alter the colour or scent thereof.

20. For the more easy redemption and foreclosure of mortgages.

21. For the more effectual punishment of assaults with intent to commit robbery.

22. For the more effectual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange, or the numbers or principal sums of accountable receipts for notes, bills, or other securities for payment of money, or warrants, or orders for payment of money, or delivery of goods.

23. For raising the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for making the militia within the fame more useful.

24. For granting to Samuel Buckley, citizen and stationer of London, the sole liberty of printing and reprinting the histories of Thuanus with additions and improvements, during the time therein limited.

25. To explain and amend an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the first, intituled. An act for the better regulating the manufacture of cloth in the West Riding of the county of York.

26. For continuing, explaining, and making more effectual two acts of parliament, one of the third, and the other of the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, For repairing the highways from the several places in the said acts mentioned, to Highgate gatehouse and Hampstead in the county of Middlesex; and for amending the roads from the fouth end of the said town of Hampstead, to the further end of Burrough Lane in the parish of Hendon; and for repairing other roads therein mentioned, lying in the parish of Islington in the said county.

27. For making the church of Bablack in the city of Coventry a parish church, and for appointing a district or parish thereto; and for enabling the master and usher of the free grammar school within the said city, to be the rector and lecturer of the said parish church.

28. To extend the navigation of the river Weaver from Winsford bridge to the town of Namptwich, in the county of Chester.

29. For making more effectual an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the more effectual amending the highways leading from Royston in the county of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge in the county Huntingdon, so far as the same relates to the amending that part of the road as lies between a place called the White Post upon Alconbury Hill, and Wandsford Bridge in the said county of Huntingdon, called The North Division.

