Acts passed in 1750, 23 George 2 c.1 - c.40
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 20
---

1. For reducing the several annuities, which now carry an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to the several rates of interest therein mentioned.

2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

3. For continuing and granting to ius Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty,

4. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

5. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the roads leading from the town of Manchester in the county of Lancaster, through the town of Ashton under Line, and parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook in the county palatine of Chester.

6. For repairing, improving and maintaining the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthning, and making more navigable the several rivers emptying themselves into the said haven; and also for preferring ships, wintering therein, from accidents by fire.

7. For enlarging the term and powers granted and continued by two former acts of parliament for repairing, widening and amending the roads from Wigan to Preston in the county palatine of Lancaster and for making the said acts more effectual.

8. For enlarging the term and powers granted and continued by two acts of parliament, for amending the highways leading from Brampton Bridge, to Welford Bridge in the county of Northampton, and the great post road from Morter Pitt Hill to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough in the county of Leicester; and for explaining and making more effectual the said acts; and also for repairing the roads leading from Morter Pitt Hill and Brampton Bridge to the town of Northampton.

9. For repealing the duties now payable upon China raw silk, and tor granting other duties in lieu thereof.

10. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, For repairing the road leading from the town of Fulham, in the county of Middlesex, through Fulham fields, to the great road near the pound at Hammersmith, in the said county.

11. To render prosecutions for perjury, and subornation of perjury, more easy and effectual.

12. For improving the navigation of the river Loyne, otherwise called Lune; and for building a quay or wharf near the town of Lancaster, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

13. For the effectual punishing of persons convicted of seducing artificers in the manufactures of Great Britain or Ireland, out of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain; and to prevent the exportation of utensils made use of in the woollen and silk manufactures from Great Britain or Ireland, into foreign parts; and for the more easy and speedy determination of appeals, allowed in certain cases, by an act made in the last session of parliament, relating to persons employed in the several manufactures therein mentioned.

14. For assigning a place proper for holding the market in the city of Westminster, in lieu of the ancient market place called the Round Woolstaple; and for regulating the said market.

15. For taking down several buildings, and inlarging the streets and market places in the city of Gloucester.

16. For granting to his Majesty the sum of one million to he raised by annuities at three pounds per centum per annum, and charged on the sinking fund, transferrable at the bank of England.

17. For repairing the roads leading from Dunglas Bridge to the town of Haddington; and from thence to Ravenshaughburn in the county of Haddington.

18. For enligntning the open places, streets, lanes, passages and courts and for the better regulating the nightly watch, within the parish of Saint John Southwark in the county of Surrey.

19. For making more effectual several acts of parliament passed for cleansing and making navigable the channel from Hithe at Colchester to Wivenhoe in the county of Essex; and for repairing and cleansing the streets and lanes of the town of Colchester.

20. For encouraging the growth and culture of raw silk in his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America.

21. For granting to his Majesty the sum of nine hundred thousand pounds out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and for applying certain surplus monies remaining in the exchequer, as part of the supply of the said year; and for the application of certain savings in the hands of the paymaster general; and for obviating a doubt in an act of the fifth year of King George the First, in respect to the payment of certain annuities thereby granted for the improvement of Fisheries and manufactures in Scotland; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted this session of parliament; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices; and for transferring the bounties now payable upon the exportation of British sail cloth, to the customs; and for enforcing the laws against the clandestine importation of soap, candles, and starch, into this kingdom.

22. For giving further time to the proprietors ot annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to subscribe the same in the manner and upon the terms therein mentioned; and for redeeming such of the said annuities, as shall not be so subscribed; and for impowering the East India company to raise certain sums by transferrable annuities.

23. To continue several laws for preventing the spreading of the distemper which now rages amongst the horned cattle, and for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the killing of cow calves.

24. For the encouragement of the British white herring fishery.

25. For making good a deficiency upon the revenue of the office of keeper or clerk of the hanaper, and for preventing any future deficiency therein, to answer the publick services provided for out of the same; and for augmenting the income of the office of master or keeper of the rolls.

26. To continue several laws for the better regulating of pilots, for the conducting of ships and vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway; and for permitting rum or spirits of the British  sugar plantations to be landed before the duties of excise are paid thereon; and to continue and amend an act for preventing frauds in the admeasurement of coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and several parishes near thereunto; and to continue several laws for preventing exactions of occupiers of locks and wears upon the river Thames westward, and for ascertaining the rates of water carriage upon the said river; and for the better regulation and government of seamen in the merchants service; and also to amend so much of an act made in the first year of the reign of King George the First, as relates to the better preservation of salmon in the river Ribble; and to regulate fees in trials at assizes, and Nisi Prius, upon records issuing out of the office of pleas of the court of exchequer; and for the apprehending of persons in any county or place, upon warrants granted by justices of the peace in any other county or place; and to repeal so much of an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the time during which the Office of excise is to be kept open each day, and to appoint for how long time the same shall be kept open upon each day for the future; and to prevent the dealing or destroying of turnips; and to amend an act made in the second year of his present Majesty, for better regulation of attornies and solicitors.

27. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the city and liberty of Westminster and that part of the dutchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto.

28. To explain part of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, for the uniformity of publick prayers, and administration of sacraments; and also part of an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth for the ministers of the church to be of sound religion.

29. To encourage the importation of pig and bar iron from his Majesty's colonies in America; and to prevent the erection of any mill or other engine for slitting or rolling of iron, or any plateing forge to work with a tilt hammer, or any furnace for making steel, in any of the said colonies.

30. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the Tower Hamlets.

31. For extending and improving the trade to Africa.

32. For granting to his Majesty certain duties upon such species of sail cloth as are therein mentioned, which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain, during the time therein limited.

33. For preventing delays and expences in the proceedings in the county court of Middlesex; and for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts in the said county court.

34. For permitting raw silk of the growth or produce of Persia, purchased in Russia, to be imported into this kingdom, from any port or place belonging to the empire of Russia.

35. For making a better and more effectual provision for the relief of the poor, for the cleansing the streets, and for keeping a nightly watch, within the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberties of the city of Westminster.

36. For settling a stipend or maintenance upon the rector of the parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, and his successors, in lieu of tythes.

37. For building a bridge cross the river of Thames, from Hampton Court in the county of Middlesex to East Moulsey in the county of Surrey.

38. For repairing the road from the city of York over Skipbridge, to Boroughbridge in the county of York.

39. For the more effectual repairing and preserving the piers and harbour of Whitby in the county of York.

40. For repairing and widening the roads leading from Egremont to Duddon Bridge, Santon Bridge, and Salthouse, in the county of Cumberland.

