Acts passed in 1819, 59 George 3 c.1 - c.138.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1819.
---

1. An Act to provide for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness.

2. An Act for reviving and further continuing, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the Law touching the Elections of the Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for England, respecting the Expences of Hustings and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of Westminster.

3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

4. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

5. An Act to ascertain the Tonnage of Vessels propelled by Steam.

6. An Act to enable His Majesty to direct the Distribution of any Reward awarded by the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise to the Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, for apprehending Smugglers, in such manner as His Majesty shall be pleased to appoint.

7. An Act to regulate the Cutlery Trade in England.

8. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Aliens from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain Cases.

9.An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

10. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

11. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for certain of those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

12. An Act to amend the Laws For the Relief of the Poor.

13. An Act to continue Two Acts of the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of His present Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned, to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and to reduce the Duties chargeable under certain Acts of the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years of His present Majesty, in respect of certain Horses, Mares, Geldings and Mules.

14. An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Wool from the British Plantations in America.

15. An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for certain Duties on Merchandise imported into Ireland from any place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

16. An Act to carry into effect the Treaty with the Netherlands, relating to the Slave Trade.

17. An Act to amend an Act of last Session of Parliament, for carrying into execution a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of Portugal, for the preventing the Traffic in Slaves.

18. An Act to make perpetual an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama Islands, in American Ships coming in Ballast.

19. An Act to render, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Service.

20. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

21. An Act to amend several Acts for purchasing an Estate for the Duke of Wellington.

22. An Act for the further Regulation of His Majesty's Household, and the Care of His Royal Person during the Continuance of His Indisposition.

23. An Act to restrain, until the End of the present Session of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from making Payments in Cash under certain Notices given by them for that Purpose.

24. An Act to restrain, until the End of the present Session of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland from making Payments in the Gold Coin of this Realm, under certain Notices given by them.

25. An Act to enable His Majesty to fix the Rate and direct the Disposal of Freight Money, for the Conveyance of Specie and Jewels on board His Majesty's Ships and Vessels.

26. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

27. An Act to facilitate the Trial of Felonies committed on board Vessels employed on Canals, Navigable Rivers and Inland Navigations.

28. An Act to empower Magistrates to divide the Court of Quarter Sessions.

29. An Act to repeal the Duties on Mineral Alkali, and on Articles containing Mineral Alkali and other Articles, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof.

30. An Act for vesting in Commissioners the Line of Road from Shrewsbury in the County of Salop, to Bangor Ferry in the County of Carnarvon, and for discharging the Trustees under several Acts of the Seventeenth, Twenty eighth, Thirty sixth, Forty first, Forty Second, Forty seventh, and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, from the future Repair and Maintenance thereof; and for altering and repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said Line of Road.

31. An Act to enable certain Commissioners fully to carry into effect several Conventions for liquidating Claims of British Subjects and others, against the Government of France.

33. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and amend so much of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, as relates to Tobacco and Snuff and certain Excise Licences.

33. An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, several Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His present Majesty, respecting the Duties of Customs payable on Merchandise imported into Great Britain, from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

34. An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities, and to empower the said Commissioners to grant Annuities for Lives or Years, for promoting the beneficial Purposes of the Fund commonly called The Waterloo Subscription.

35. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Admnistration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes.

36. An Act to repeal certain Acts now in force for regulating the making and Sale of Bread out of the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange where no Assize is set; and for establishing other Provisions and Regulations relative thereto.

37. An Act for further regulating the Qualification of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland.

38. An Act to enable His Majesty to make Regulations with respect to the taking and curing Fish on certain Parts of the Coasts of Newfoundland, Labrador, and His Majesty's other Possessions in North America, according to a Convention made between His Majesty and the United States of America.

39. An Act for the more frequent Payment, into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, of Monies arising from the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps and Postage in England.

40. An Act to secure Spiritual Persons in the Possession of Benefices in certain Cases.

41. An Act to establish Regulations for preventing Contagious Diseases in Ireland.

42. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities.

43. An Act to authorise the Receipt and Appropriation of certain Sums voluntarily contributed by the Most Noble John Jeffreys Marquis Camden, in aid of the Public Service.

44. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Punishment of Murders, Manslaughters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed in Places not within His Majesty's Dominions, as relates to the Trial of Murders, Manslaughters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed in Honduras.

45. An Act to explain and amend certain Acts relative to the Court of Session in Scotland.

46. An Act to abolish Appeals of Murder, Treason, Felony or other Offences, and Wager of Battel, or joining Issue and Trial by Battel, in Writs of Right.

47. An Act to indemnity Persons who shall give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on the Bill for preventing Bribery and Corruption at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon.

48. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead by Chester, and between London and Bangor by Shrewsbury; and for giving additional Powers to the Commissioners therein named, to build a Bridge over the Menai Straits, and to make a new Road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesea.

49. An Act to continue the Restrictions contained in several Acts on Payments in Cash by the Bank of England, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and to provide for the gradual Resumption of such Payments; and to permit the Exportation of Gold and Silver.

50. An Act to amend the Laws respecting the Settlement of the Poor, so far as regards renting Tenements.

51. An Act to relieve Persons compounding for their Assessed Taxes, from an Annual Assessment, for the Term of Three Years.

52. An Act to repeal the several Duties of Customa chargeable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

53. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties

of Excise on Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, Pepper, Malt and British Spirits, and consolidating the same with the former Duties thereon; and for amending certain Laws of Excise relating thereto.

54. An Act to carry into effect a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, and a Treaty with the Prince Regent of Portugal. jcy

55. An Act to extend the Provisions of Three Acts of the Fifty second, Fifty third, and Fifty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for allowing British Plantation Sugar and Coffee, and other Articles imported into Bermuda in British Ships to be exported to America in Foreign Vessels, and to permit Articles, the Produce of America, to be imported into Bermuda in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles.

56. An Act to make further Regulations as to the Payment of Navy Prize Orders.

57. An Act to alter and amend certain Laws of Excise in respect to Salt and Rock Salt.

58. An Act for facilitating the Recovery of the Wages of Seamen in the Merchant Service.

59. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Payment of Wages due to deceased Seamen and Marines, to Wages due to intestate Bastards.

60. An Act to permit the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, and the Bishop of London, for the time being, to admit Persons into Holy Orders specially for the Colonies.

61. An Act to enable Counties and Stewartries in Scotland to give aid to Royal Burghs situated therein, for the purpose of improving, enlarging or rebuilding their Gaols; or to improve, enlarge or rebuild Common Gaols of Counties and Stewartries which are not the Gaols of Royal Burghs.

62. An Act for the Protection of Banks for Savings in Scotland. 406.

63. An Act to explain an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for purchasing an Estate for the Duke of Wellington.

64. An Act to facilitate Proceedings against the Warden of The Fleet, in Vacation.

65. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

66. An Act to make farther Provisions for the Regulation of Cotton Mills and Factories, and for the better Preservation of the Health of young Persons employed therein.

67. An Act to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope.

68. An Act for exonerating the Manor of Dawlish in the County of Devon, from the Claims of the Crown against the Estate of John Inglett Fortescue Esquire.

69. An Act to prevent the enlisting or Engagement of His Majesty's Subjects to serve in Foreign Service, and the fitting out or equipping, in His Majesty's Dominions, Vessels for Warlike Purposes, without His Majesty's Licence.

70. An Act to repeal certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, regarding Duelling.

71. An Act for raising a Loan of Twelve Millions from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

72. An Act to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise on Tobacco in Ireland.

73. An Act to repeal several Acts, requiring the Masters of Vessels carrying Certificate Goods to Ireland to take Duplicates of the Contents; prohibiting the Importation of certain wrought Goods, and the Exportation of Gunpowder when the Price shall exceed a certain Sum.

74. An Act to allow the Importation of Tobacco from the East Indies

and other Places; and for confining the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain, and the Importation thereof into Ireland, to Vessels of seventy Tons Burthen and upwards.

75. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Two Acts, made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.

76. An Act to establish further Regulations respecting Advances by the Bank of England for the Public Service, and the Purchase of Government Securities by the said Bank.

77. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, an Act for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pilchards exported.

78. An Act for transferring the Duty of the Supervisor of the Receiver General's Receipts and Payments to the Comptroller General of the Customs in England.

79. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Two Acts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation.

80. An Act concerning Common Recoveries to be suffered by Attorney in Courts of Ancient Demesne; and to explain an Act of His present Majesty, relative to the Sale or mortgaging of Estates of Lunatics.

81 An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor; and to extend the Powers thereof to other Charities in England and Wales; to continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

82. An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for enabling the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland to purchase Premises for erecting Docks, Warehouses and Offices in Dublin.

83. An Act to grant Duties of Customs and to allow Drawbacks on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties of Customs in Ireland.

84. An Act to amend the Laws for making, repairing and improving the Roads and other Public Works in Ireland, by Grand Jury Presentments, and for a more effectual lnveftigation of such Preferments, and for further securing a true, full and faithful Account of all Monies levied under same.

85. An Act to amend and correct an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of Parish Vestries in England.

86. An Act for regulating the Exercise of the Right of Common of Pasture in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton; for repealing certain Parts of Two Acts passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and the Fifty second Years of His present Majesty; and for the better Collection and Recovery of the Gale Rents in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester.

87. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excise in Ireland on Malt.

88. An Act to repeal the annual Excise Duties upon Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, continued by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, for the Service of the Year ending the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

89. An Act to continue, until the Tenth Day of October One thouand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for suspending a Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines.

9a An Act for the Prevention of Frauds in the Duties on Soap; for preferring the Books or Papers called Specimens, left by Officers of Excise on the Premises of Traders; and for requiring more speedy Payment of the Excise Duties on Printed Calicoes.

91. An Act for giving additional Facilities in Applications to Courts of Equity, regarding the Management of Estates or Funds belonging to Charities.

92. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace in Ireland to act as such, in certain Cases, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are; to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by them; and to authorise them to impose Fines upon Constables and other Officers for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters for ill Usage of their Apprentices.

93. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to make Provision for securing the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

94. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

95. An Act for confirming ancient Separations of Towns Corporate from Parishes, in regard to the Maintenance of the Poor.

96. An Act to facilitate the Trials of Felonies committed on Stage Coaches and Stage Waggons, and other such Carriages; and of Felonies committed on the Boundaries of Counties.

97. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in distant Parts upon the Seas, to the Trial of Offences committed in Africa against the Laws for abolishing the Slave Trade.

98. An Act to limit the Continuance of the Operation of the several Acts for imposing Fines upon Townlands and Places in Ireland, in respect of Offences relating to the unlawful Distillation of Spirits; and to amend the said Acts; and to provide for the more effectual Prevention or Suppression of such Offences.

99. An Act to continue, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and to direct the gradual Resumption of Cash Payments by the said Bank.

100. An Act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Prisons in Ireland.

101. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Transportation of Offenders, to continue until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

102. An Act for further regulating the Appointment of Game-keepers in Wales.

103. An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts as require certain Accounts to be laid before Parliament; and to amend an Act of the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, relative to laying an Account before Parliament.

104. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, certain Laws of Excise, with regard to Crown Glass and Flint and Phial Glass; and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glass.

105. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional countervailing Duty on Spirits extracted in England or Ireland respectively, and imported into Scotland; and for repealing the additional Duty on Licences taken out by Retailers of Sweets in Great Britain; and for exempting from all countervailing Duties the Leather and Glass of Carriages brought by Persons for private Use from Ireland into Great Britain, or from Great Britain into Ireland.

106. An Act to amend the several Acts for securing the Payment of the Duties of Excise upon certain Licences, and regulating the issuing of such Licences; and for securing the Duties upon Spirits distilled by licensed Distillers in Ireland.

107. An Act to consolidate and amend several Acts for regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Goods in Ireland.

108. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Post Office and Conveyance of Letters in Ireland.

109. An Act for the further Encouragement and Improvement of the Irish Fisheries.

110. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Dues payable to the Levant Company.

111. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Postage and Conveyance of Letters to and from the Case of Good Hope, Ceylon, the Mauritius, and the East Indies; and to make other Regulations respecting the Postage of such Letters and Packets, and other Letters and Packets sent by the Post.

112. An Act to grant, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

113. An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

114. An Act to stay Proceedings against any Governor or other Persons concerned in imposing and levying Duties in New South Wales; to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, certain Duties; and to empower the said Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the said Colony.

115. An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Plates or Sheets of Plate Glass, and to impose other Duties and allow other Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

116. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain; and for granting Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

117. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermasters of the said Militia during Peace.

118. An Act to give Relief in certain Cases of Assessment of Taxes in Great Britain, and to Persons compounding for their Assessed Taxes in Ireland, from an Annual Assessment for Three Years, from the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

119. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of His Majesty King George the Second, for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, as it relates to certain Allowances to Navy Agents.

120. An Act for establishing a Registry of Colonial Slaves in Great Britain, and for making further Provision with respect to the Removal of Slaves from British Colonies.

121. An Act to make further Regulations for the Prevention of Smuggling.

122. An Act to permit Vessels under a certain Tonnage to trade between the United Kingdom and New South Wales.

123. An Act to empower the Officers of the Customs in Great Britain to allow Reports of Vessels' Cargoes to be amended; to require Goods which have been warehoused without Payment of Duties, or being prohibited, warehoused for Exportation, to be put on board Vessels by Persons licensed for that Purpose; to direct that Cocquet and Bond shall be required for Slate and Stone carried Coastwise; and to empower Officers of the Customs to administer Oaths.

124. An Act for amending an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with respect to the Number of such Passengers, and for making further Provision for that Purpose.

125. An Act to admit certain Goods imported from the East Indies to Entry and Payment of Duty without being warehoused; and to permit the Exportation of certain East India Goods to Guernsey and Jersey, and the Removal of certain East India Goods to Liverpool, Lancaster, Bristol and Glafgow, for Exportation.

126. An Act for requiring the like Proof, to obtain Drawback of Duty on Coals used or consumed in calcining or smelting Tin, Copper or Lead Ores in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, as is required on Coals used in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the said Counties.

127. An Act for making Provision for the better Care of Pauper Lunatics in England.

128. An Act for the further Protection and Encouragement of friendly Societies, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses therein.

129. An Act to continue in force, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Three Acts of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

130. An Act to continue the several Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

131. An Act for raising the Sum of Sixteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

132. An Act for raising the Sum of Two Millions British Currency, by Treasury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

133. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

134. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes.

135. An Act to repeal Two Acts, made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for maintaining and keeping in repair certain Roads and Bridges in Scotland; to provide more effectually for that Purpose; and for Regulation of Ferries in Scotland.

136. An Act for the better Regulation of the General Penitentiary for Convicts at Millbank.

137. An Act to enable the Directors of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Worcester, and of the Parishes united therewith, to sell and dispose of certain Lands, discharged of all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under the Statutes of Mortmain.

138. An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight.

