Acts passed in 1833, 3 & 4 William 4 c.1 - c.106
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1
---

1. An Act to apply certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

2. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, and for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

4. An Act for the more effectual Suppression of local Disturbances and dangerous Associations in Ireland.

5. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

6. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

7. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

8. An Act to amend an Act for the Conveyance of certain Premises situate between London Bridge and the Tower of London.

9. An Act for incorporating the Members of a Society, commonly called "The Seaman's Hospital Society," and their Successors, as therein is mentioned and provided; and for the better enabling and empowering them to carry on the charitable and useful Designs of the same Society.

10. An Act to reduce the Duty payable on Cotton Wool imported into the United Kingdom.

11. An Act for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Tiles.

12. An Act to repeal the Duties on Personal Estates continued by an Act of the present Session of Parliament.

13. An Act to provide for the Execution of the Duties performed by the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland in relation to the Public Revenue, and to place the Management of the Assessed Taxes and Land Tax in Scotland under the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

14. An Act to enable Depositors in Savings Banks, and others, to purchase Government Annuities through the Medium of Savings Banks; and to amend an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks.

15. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Dramatic Literary Property.

16. An Act to repeal the Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks of Excise on Soap, and to grant other Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

17. An Act for repealing Part of an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Third, for better securing the Duties on Starch, and for preventing Frauds on the said Duties; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

18. An Act to apply the Sum of Six Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

19. An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in the Office of a Justice of the Peace in the several Police Offices established in the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention in Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity, for Three Years.

20. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before either House of Parliament touching the Charge of Bribery in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stafford.

21. An Act to suspend until the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

22. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Sewers.

23. An Act to reduce the Stamp Duties on Advertisements and on certain Sea Insurances; to repeal the Stamp Duties on Pamphlets, and on Receipts for Sums under Five Pounds; and to exempt Insurances on Farming Stock from Stamp Duties.

24. An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Reduction of the National Debt.

25. An Act for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions seven hundred fifty-two thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

26. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fourth Year of His Majesty King George the Third as imposes Fines on the Masters of Vessels lying in the River Liffey for having Fires on board.

27. An Act for the Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property, and for simplifying the Remedies for trying the Rights thereto.

28. An Act to repeal an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His Majesty King George the First, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Trade.

29. An Act to make further Provisions with respect to the Payment of Pensions granted for Service in the Royal Artillery, Engineers, and other Military Corps under the Controul of the Master General and Board of Ordnance, and with respect to Deductions hereafter to be made from Pensions granted by the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital.

30. An Act to exempt from Poor and Church Rates all Churches, Chapels, and other Places of Religious Worship.

31. An Act to enable the Election of Officers of Corporations and other Public Companies now required to be held on the Lord's Day to be held on the Saturday next preceding, or on the Monday next ensuing.

32. An Act to amend the several Acts authorizing Advances for carrying on Public Works.

33. An Act to amend Three Acts passed for maintaining and keeping in repair the Military and Parliamentary Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and to improve certain Lines of Communication in the Counties of Inverness and Ross.

34. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, Compositions for the Assessed Taxes.

35. An Act to remedy certain Defects as to the Recovery of Rates and Assessments made by Commissioners and other Persons under divers Inclosure and Drainage Acts after the Execution of the final Awards of the said Commissioners.

36. An Act to diminish the Inconvenience and Expence of Commissions in the Nature of Writs De lunatico inquirendo; and to provide for the better Care and Treatment of Idiots, Lunatics, and Persons of unsound Mind found such by Inquisition.

37. An Act to alter and amend the Laws relating to the Temporalities of the Church in Ireland.

38. An Act to extend to the Twenty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Time for carrying into Execution an Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for ascertaining the Boundaries of the Forest of Dean, and for inquiring into the Rights and Privileges claimed by Free Miners of the Hundred of Saint Briavels, and for other Purposes.

39. An Act to reduce certain of the Duties on Dwelling Houses, and to repeal other Duties of Assessed Taxes.

40. An Act to repeal certain Acts relating to the Removal of poor Persons born in Scotland and Ireland, and chargeable to Parishes in England, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

41. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in His Majesty's Privy Council.

42. An Act for the further Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice.

43. An Act for transferring to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods and Forests the several Powers now vested in the Holyhead Road Commissioners, and for discharging the last-mentioned Commissioners from the future Repairs and Maintenance of the Roads, Harbours, and Bridges now under their Care and Management.

44. An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts of the Seventh and Eighth Years and the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth as indicts the Punishment of Death upon Persons breaking, entering, and stealing in a Dwelling House; also for giving Power to the Judges to add to the Punishment of Transportation for Life in certain Cases of Forgery, and in certain other Cases.

45. An Act to declare valid Marriages solemnized at Hamburgh since the Abolition of the British Factory there.

46. An Act to enable Burghs in Scotland to establish a general System of Police.

47. An Act to authorize His Majesty to give further Powers to the Judges of the Court of Bankruptcy, and to direct the Times of Sitting of the Judges and Commissioners of the said Court.

48. An Act to amend an Act of the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty, relating to Stage Carriages in Great Britain; and also to explain and amend an Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, relating to Hackney Carriages used in the Metropolis.

49. An Act to allow Quakers and Moravians to make Affirmation in all Cases where an Oath is or shall be required.

50. An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Customs.

51. An Act for the Management of the Customs.

52. An Act for the general Regulation of the Customs.

53. An Act for the Prevention of Smuggling.

54. An Act for the Encouragement of British Shipping and Navigation.

55. An Act for the registering of British Vessels.

56. An Act for granting Duties of Customs.

57. An Act for the warehousing of Goods.

58. An Act to grant certain Bounties and Allowances of Customs.

59. An Act to regulate the Trade of the British Possessions Abroad.

60. An Act for regulating the Trade of the Isle of Man.

61. An Act to admit Sugar without Payment of Duty to be refined for Exportation.

62. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

63. An Act to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship allowed only by Two Justices acting for the County in which the Parish from which such Apprentices shall be bound, and for the County in which the Parish into which such Apprentices shall be bound, shall be situated; and also for remedying defective Executions of Indentures by Corporations.

64. An Act to amend an Act of the Second and Third Year of His present Majesty, or regulating the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England.

65. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom to acquire certain Lands at Woolwich in the County of Kent, for better securing His Majesty's Docks there, and for the Improvement of the same.

66. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase the Duties of Package, Scavage, Bailiage, and Porterage belonging to the Corporation of London.

67. An Act to amend an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the Uniformity of Process in Personal Actions in His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster.

68. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer, and Cider by Retail in Ireland.

69. An Act to extend and enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, in relation to the Management and Disposition of the Land Revenue of the Crown in Scotland.

70. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Forty-first Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for the better Regulation of Public Notaries in England.

71. An Act for the Appointment of convenient Places for the holding of Assizes in England and Wales.

72. An Act for carrying into effect Two Conventions with the King of the French for suppressing the Slave Trade.

73. An Act for the Abolition of Slavery throughout the British Colonies, for promoting the Industry of the manumitted Slaves, and for compensating the Persons hitherto entitled to the Services of such Slaves.

74. An Act for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and for the Substitution of more simple Modes of Assurance.

75. An Act to continue until the End of the next Session of Parliament Two Acts for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the Disease called the Cholera or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera in England and Scotland.

76. An Act to alter and amend the Laws for the Election of the Magistrates and Councils of the Royal Burghs in Scotland.

77. An Act to provide for the Appointment and Election of Magistrates and Councillors for the several Burghs and Towns of Scotland which now return or contribute to return Members to Parliament, and are not Royal Burghs.

78. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Grand Juries in Ireland.

79. An Act to provide for the more impartial Trial of Offences in certain Cases in Ireland.

80. An Act requiring the annual Statements of Trustees or Commissioners of Turnpike Roads to be transmitted to the Secretary of State, and afterwards laid before Parliament.

81. An Act to authorize the Application of Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown for providing Fixtures, Furniture, Fittings, and Decorations for Buckingham Palace.

82. An Act to allow the People called Separatists to make a solemn Affirmation and Declaration instead of an Oath.

83. An Act to compel Banks issuing Promissory Notes payable to Bearer on Demand to make Returns of their Notes in Circulation, and to authorize Banks to issue Notes payable in London for less than Fifty Pounds.

84. An Act to provide for the Performance of the Duties of certain Offices connected with the Court of Chancery which have been abolished.

85. An Act for effecting an Arrangement with the East India Company, and for the better Government of His Majesty's Indian Territories, till the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four.

86. An Act to provide for the Payment of certain ancient Grants and Allowances formerly paid out of the Civil List Revenues.

87. An Act for remedying a Defect in Titles to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments allotted, sold, divided, or exchanged under Acts of Inclosure, in consequence of the Award not having been inrolled, or not having been inrolled within the Time limited by the several Acts; and for authorizing the Appointment of new Commissioners in certain Cases where the same shall have been omitted.

88. An Act to continue for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of King George the Third, for facilitating the Recovery of the Wages of Seamen in the Merchants Service.

89. An Act to authorize the Issue of a Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund towards the Support of the Metropolitan Police.

90. An Act to repeal an Act of the Eleventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for the lighting and watching of Parishes in England and Wales, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

91. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relative to Jurors and Juries in Ireland.

92. An Act to explain and amend the Provisions of certain Acts for the erecting and establishing Public Infirmaries, Hospitals, and Dispensaries in Ireland.

93. An Act to regulate the Trade to China and India.

94. An Act for the Regulation of the Proceedings and Practice of certain Offices of the High Court of Chancery in England.

95. An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting an Aid by a Land Tax, and for continuing for Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions.

96. An Act to apply the Sum of Six Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

97. An Act to prevent the selling and uttering of forged Stamps, and to exempt from Stamp Duty artificial Mineral Waters in Great Britain, and to allow a Drawback on the Exportation of Gold and Silver Plate manufactured in Ireland.

98. An Act for giving to the Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England certain Privileges, for a limited Period, under certain Conditions.

99. An Act for facilitating the Appointment of Sheriffs, and the more effectual Audit and passing of their Accounts; and for the more speedy Return and Recovery of Fines, Issues, forfeited Recognizances, Penalties, and Deodands; and to abolish certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer.

100. An Act for the Relief of the Owners of Tithes in Ireland, and for the Amendment of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend Three Acts passed respectively in the Fourth, Fifth, and in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, providing for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland, arid to make such Compositions permanent.

101. An Act to provide for the Collection and Management of the Duties on Tea.

102. An Act to repeal certain penal Enactments made in the Parliament of Ireland against Roman Catholic Clergymen for celebrating Marriages contrary to the Provisions of certain Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland.

103. An Act to regulate the Labour of Children and young Persons in the Mills and Factories of the United Kingdom.

104. An Act to render Freehold and Copyhold Estates Assets for the Payment of Simple Contract and Debts.

105. An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to Dower.

106. An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Inheritance.

