Acts passed in 1838, 1 & 2 Victoria c.1 - c.120.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1838.
---

1. An Act to continue for Six Calendar Months all such Commissions of the Peace as were in force at the Time of the Decease of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, and as have not been superseded, determined, or made void during the Reign of Her present Majesty.

2. An Act for the Support of Her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

3. An Act to carry into further Execution the Provisions of an Act for completing the full Payment of Compensation to Owners of Slaves upon the Abolition of Slavery.

4. An Act to remove Doubts as to summoning Juries at adjourned Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

5. An Act for the Relief of Quakers, Moravians, and Separatists elected to Municipal Offices.

6. An Act to regulate the Expences of conveying Prisoners in Ireland.

7. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to purchase Ground and Tenements required to complete the Site for the new Houses of Parliament.

8. An Act to enable Her Majesty to grant an annual Sum to Her Royal Highness Victoria Maria Louisa Duchess of Kent.

9. An Act to make temporary Provision for the Government of Lower Canada.

10. An Act to make good certain Contracts which have been or may be entered into by certain Banking and other Copartnerships.

11. An Act to apply the Sum of Two Millions to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.

12. An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven millions four hundred and thirteen thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.

13. An Act to enable the Grand Juries of the County and County of the City of Waterford to make Presentments, at the Spring Assizes for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, for the House of Industry of the said Counties.

14. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of King George the Third as authorizes Magistrates to commit to Gaols or Houses of Correction Persons who are apprehended under Circumstances that denote a Derangement of Mind and a Purpose of committing a Crime; and to make other Provisions for the safe Custody of such Persons.

15. An Act for the further Relief of Quakers, Moravians, and Separatists.

16. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine; and for the Relief of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors in certain Cases.

17. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

18. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

19. An Act to amend the Act for the Abolition of Slavery in the British Colonies.

20. An Act for the Consolidation of the Offices of First Fruits, Tenths, and Queen Anne's Bounty.

21. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.

22. An Act to enable the Commissioners for the Affairs of India to make Rules and Regulations for Haileybury College.

23. An Act to amend the Law for providing fit Houses for the beneficed Clergy.

24. An Act to repeal Part of an Act intituled An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government in case the Crown should descend to Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria, Daughter of His late Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, being under the Age of Eighteen Years; and for the Care and Guardianship of Her Person.

25. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Seventh Year of His late Majesty, for extending the Period for the Repayment of Loans made under an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Year of His said late Majesty for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales.

26. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.

27. An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Offences by Insane Persons in Ireland.

28. An Act to repeal the several Acts now in force relating to Bread to be sold in Ireland, and to provide other Regulations for the making and Sale of Bread, and for preventing the Adulteration of Meal, Flour, and Bread, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

29. An Act to supply an Omission in an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend the Law for providing fit Houses for the beneficed Clergy.

30. An Act for continuing the Bishoprick of Sodor and Man.

31. An Act for facilitating the Sale of Church Patronage belonging to Municipal Corporations in certain Cases.

32. An Act to enable Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster to hold Sittings in Banc in Time of Vacation.

33. An Act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.

34. An Act to continue for Five Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Second and Third Years of die Reign of His late Majesty, to restrain for Five Years, in certain Cases, Party Processions in Ireland.

35. An Act to repeal the Stamp Duty now paid on Admission to the Freedom of Corporations in England.

36. An Act to make further Provisions and to amend the Acts relating to the Harbour of Kingstown and the Port and Harbour of Dublin.

37. An Act to empower the Foreman or any other Member of Grand Juries in Ireland to administer Oaths to Witnesses on Bills of Indictment.

38. An Act to amend an Act for punishing idle and disorderly Persons and Rogues and Vagabonds.

39. An Act for carrying into effect a Convention of Accession of the Hans Towns to Two Conventions with the King of the French, for suppressing the Slave Trade.

40. An Act to carry into effect an additional Article to a Treaty with Sweden relative to the Slave Trade.

41. An Act for carrying into effect an additional Article to a Treaty with the Netherlands relating to the Slave Trade.

42. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to confirm the Titles to and to grant Leases of Encroachments in the Forest of Dean in the County of Gloucester.

43. An Act for regulating the opening and working of Mines and Quarries in the Forest of Dean and Hundred of Saint Briavels in the County of Gloucester.

44. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Glass.

45. An Act to extend the Jurisdiction of the Judges of the Superior Courts of Common Law; to amend Chapter Fifty-six of the First Year of Her present Majesty's Reign for regulating the Admission of Attornies; and to provide for the taking of Special Bail in the Absence of the Judges.

46. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for providing for the Government of His Majesty's Settlements in Western Australia on the Western Coast of New Holland.

47. An Act for the better and more effectually carrying into effect the Treaties and Conventions made with Foreign Powers for suppressing the Slave Trade.

48. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to serve in Parliament.

49. An Act to transfer the Management of certain Annuities on Lives from the Trustees of the Waterloo Subscription Fund to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and to amend several Acts for enabling the said Commissioners to grant Life Annuities and Annuities for Terms of Years.

50. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Ninth Year of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for the Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.

51. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Levy of Grand Jury Cess in the County of the City of Dublin.

52. An Act to continue for Five Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty, for the Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland.

53. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for providing more effectual Means to make Treasurers of Counties and Counties of Cities in Ireland account for Public Monies, and to secure the same.

54. An Act for making further Investments from the Money of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery and the Court of Exchequer, and for providing for the Payment into Court of Fees received by certain Officers of the Lord Chancellor.

55. An Act to regulate and secure the Debt due by the City of Edinburgh to the Public; to confirm an Agreement between the said City and its Creditors; and to effect a Settlement of the Affairs of the said City and the Town of Leith.

56. An Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

57. An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts granting a Land Tax and Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions.

58. An Act to vest in the Commissioners of the Treasury the Powers heretofore exercised by Commissioners appointed for certain Purposes relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax; and to authorize the Court of Exchequer to determine Disputes as to the Division in which Lands are liable to be rated to the Land Tax.

59. An Act for securing to Authors, in certain Cases, the Benefit of International Copyright.

60. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of His late Majesty, empowering His Majesty to erect South Australia into a British Province or Provinces.

61. An Act to amend an Act for enabling Persons to make Deposits of Stock or Exchequer Bills in lieu of giving Security by Bond to the Postmaster General and Commissioners of Land Revenue, Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Taxes.

62. An Act to enable Masters of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, upon Application to that Court by Petition, to execute Renewals of Leases for Lives containing Covenants for Renewal in the Names of Persons bound by such Covenants to execute the same, and being out of the Jurisdiction of the Court; and to extend such Powers to Cases of Terms for Years, whether absolutely or dependent upon Lives.

63. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Police of the District of the Dublin Metropolis.

64. An Act to facilitate the Merger of Tithes in Land.

65. An Act for relieving the Commissioners and others acting in the Execution of divers Local Improvement Acts from certain Penalties and Disabilities.

66. An Act for maintaining a Lighthouse at Gibraltar, and respecting Lighthouses not within the United Kingdom.

67. An Act for the better Government of Prisons in the West Indies.

68. An Act to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and forty, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the Local Turnpike Acts for Great Britain which empire with this or the ensuing Session of Parliament.

69. An Act to remove Doubts respecting Conveyances of Estates vested in Heirs and Devisees of Mortgagees.

70. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, in relation to granting Tacks and making Excambions by Heirs of Entail.

71. An Act to amend and continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to the Importation and keeping of Arms and Gunpowder in Ireland.

72. An Act to .continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

73. An Act to continue for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts relating to the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England.

74. An Act to facilitate the Recovery of Possession of Tenements after due Determination of the Tenancy.

75. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Third, for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire, within the Cities of London and Westminster, as relates to Manufactories of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine.

76. An Act to explain and amend certain Provisions in Acts of the Parliament of Ireland for the Protection of Fisheries in that Kingdom.

77. An Act for permitting Affirmation to be made instead of an Oath in certain Cases.

78. An Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to Loan Societies in Ireland.

79. An Act for the better Regulation of Hackney Carriages, and of Metropolitan Stage Carriages, and of Waggons, Carts, and Drays, used in and near the Metropolis, and of the Drivers and Attendants thereof.

80. An Act for the Payment of Constables for keeping the Peace near Public Works.

81. An Act further to postpone until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty the Repayment of certain Sums advanced by the Bank of Ireland for the Public Service.

82. An Act for establishing a Prison for young Offenders.

83. An Act for carrying into effect a Convention of Accession of the Duke of Tuscany to Two Conventions with the King of the French for suppressing the Slave Trade.

84. An Act for carrying into effect a Convention of Accession of the King of the Two Sicilies to Two Conventions with the King of the French for suppressing the Slave Trade.

85. An Act to authorize the using in any Part of the United Kingdom Stamps denoting Duties payable in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

86. An Act to diminish Delay and Expence in Advocations and Suspensions in the Court of Session in Scotland.

87. An Act to facilitate the Foundation and Endowment of additional Schools in Scotland.

88. An Act to authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor, and to amend the Acts relating thereto.

89. An Act respecting the Transfer of certain Funds to the Secretary at War and the Paymaster General.

90. An Act to suspend until the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

91. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine,

92. An Act to repeal the Four-and-a-Half per Centum Duties.

93. An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven millions forty-four thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.

94. An Act for keeping safely the Public Records.

95. An Act to provide for the Payment of certain Pensions.

96. An Act to amend, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Law relative to Legal Proceedings by certain Joint Stock Banking Companies against their own Members, and by such Members against the Companies.

97. An Act for imposing Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters by Packet Boats between Places in the Mediterranean and other Parts.

98. An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by Railways.

99. An Act for the more effectual levying of Fines, Penalties, Issues, Deodands, and Amerciaments, and of forfeited Recognizances estreated, in Ireland; and for the Application and Distribution thereof.

100. An Act for continuing, under certain Limitations, the Powers given to the Judges for altering the Forms of Pleading in the Courts of Common Law at Westminster and elsewhere.

101. An Act to revive and continue an Act of the First and Second Years of His late Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall or annexed to the same; and to make Provision for rendering to Parliament annual Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Duchies of Cornwall and Lancaster.

102. An Act to revive and continue, until Six Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and to amend, an Act for authorizing Her Majesty to carry into immediate Execution by Orders in Council any Treaties made for the Suppression of the Slave Trade.

103. An Act to restrain the Alienation of Corporate Property in certain Towns in Ireland.

104. An Act to authorize the County of Clare to borrow a Sum of Money for the Relief of the Creditors and others remaining unpaid by reason of the Default of the late Treasurer of the said County, to provide for the Repayment of the same, and to direct Proceedings to be taken in reference to the Default of such late Treasurer.

105. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Oaths.

106. An Act to abridge the holding of Benefices in Plurality, and to make better Provision for the Residence of the Clergy.

107. An Act to amend and render more effectual the Church Building Acts.

108. An Act for suspending until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the Appointment to certain Dignities and Offices in Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and to Sinecure Rectories.

109. An Act to abolish Compositions for Tithes in Ireland, and to substitute Rent-charges in lieu thereof.

110. An Act for abolishing Arrest on Mesne Process in Civil Actions, except in certain Cases; for extending the Remedies of Creditors against the Property of Debtors; and for amending the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

111. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and the Surplus of Ways and Means, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

112. An Act for indemnifying those who have issued or acted under certain Parts of a certain Ordinance made under colour of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to make temporary Provision for the Government of Lower Canada.

113. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

114. An Act to amend the Law of Scotland in Matters relating to Personal Diligence, Arrestments, and Poindings.

115. An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of His late Majesty, for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in Ireland, and for incorporating detached Portions of Counties and Baronies with those Counties and Baronies respectively whereto the same may adjoin or wherein the same are locally situate.

116. An Act to facilitate Advances out of County Monies for the Support of County Gaols and Institutions in Ireland.

117. An Act to provide for the Custody of certain Monies paid in pursuance of the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament by Subscribers to Works or Undertakings to be effected under the Authority of Parliament. Page

118. An Act to make certain Alterations in the Duties of the Lords Ordinary, and in the Establishment of Clerks and Officers of the Court of Session and Couft of Commissioners for Teinds in Scotland, and to reduce the Fees payable in those Courts.

119. An Act to regulate the Constitution, Jurisdiction, and Forms of Process of Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

120. An Act for the Abolition of the Duties payable on the Coinage of Tin in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and for giving Compensation in lieu of such Duties, and to reduce the Duties of Customs payable on Tin.

