Acts passed in 1843, 6 & 7 Victoria c.1 - c.99
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1843
---

1. AN Act to enable Her Majesty to indemnify the Holders of certain forged Exchequer Bills.

2. An Act to discontinue certain Actions under the Provisions of an Act of the Second Year of King William the Fourth, for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals in the Cities of London and Westminster, and in certain Parts of the adjacent Counties.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

5. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-three.

6. An Act to alter the Hours within which certain Oaths and Declarations are to be made and subscribed in the House of Peers.

7. An Act to amend the Law affecting transported Convicts with respect to Pardons and Tickets of Leave.

8. An Act to empower Justices of the Peace in Ireland to act in certain Cases relating to Rates to which they are chargeable.

9. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-four; and for the Relief of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors in certain Cases.

10. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Punishment which may be awarded under the Provisions of an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her present Majesty, "for taking away the Punishment of Death in certain Cases," for certain Offences therein specified.

11. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on a Bill to exclude the Borough of Sudbury from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament.

12. An Act for the more convenient holding of Coroners Inquests.

13. An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Government of Her Settlements on the Coast of Africa and in the Falkland Islands.

14. An Act for carrying into effect a Treaty between Her Majesty and the Republic of Bolivia for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

15. An Act for carrying into effect the Treaty between Her Majesty and the Republic of Texas for the Suppression of the African Slave Trade.

16. An Act for carrying into effect the Treaty between Her Majesty and the Oriental Republic of the Uruguay for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

17. An Act for raising the Sum of Nine millions and fifty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-three.

18. An Act to amend the Law for the Registration of Persons entitled to vote, and to define certain Rights of voting, and to regulate certain Proceedings in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for England and Wales.

19. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to appropriate to Building Purposes the Area of Thatched House Court, and to widen and improve Little Saint James' Street, in the Parish of Saint James Westminster.

20. An Act for abolishing certain Offices on the Crown Side of the Court of Queen's Bench, and for regulating the Crown Office.

21. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the several Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

22. An Act to authorize the Legislatures of certain of Her Majesty's Colonies to pass Laws for the Admission, in certain Cases, of unsworn Testimony in Civil and Criminal Proceedings.

23. An Act to amend and explain an Act for the Commutation of certain Manorial Rights in respect of Lands of Copyhold and Customary Tenure, and in respect of other Lands subject to such Rights, and for facilitating the Enfranchisement of such Lands, and for the Improvement of such Tenure.

24. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, Compositions for Assessed Taxes, and to amend the Laws relating to the Land and Assessed Taxes, and also the Laws relating to the Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

25. An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Augusta Caroline, eldest Daughter of His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge.

26. An Act for regulating the Prison at Millbank.

27. An Act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-three.

28. An Act to abolish the Roman Catholic Oath as a Qualification for Voters at Elections in Ireland.

29. An Act for reducing the Duty on Wheat and Wheat Flour, the Produce of the Province of Canada, imported thence into the United Kingdom.

30. An Act to amend the Law relating to Pound-breach and Rescue in certain Cases.

31. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to purchase certain Parcels of Land for the Benefit of the said Hospital, and for other Purposes.

32. An Act to amend the Laws in force relating to Grand Jury Presentments in Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland.

33. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the First Year of King George the First as limits the Time for taking and being restrained from taking Salmon in certain Rivers; and to amend and extend the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of King George the Third to the Rivers therein mentioned.

34. An Act for the better Apprehension of certain Offenders.

35. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the last Session, for the Government of New South Wales and Van Diemens Land, as relates to Norfolk Island.

36. An Act to exempt from County, Borough, Parochial, and other local Rates, Land and Buildings occupied by Scientific or Literary Societies.

37. An Act to make better Provision for the Spiritual Care of populous Parishes.

38. An Act to make further Regulations for facilitating the hearing Appeals and other Matters by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.

39. An Act for Confirmation of certain Marriages in Ireland.

40. An Act to amend the Laws for the Prevention of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Woollen, Worsted, Linen, Cotton, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Hosiery Manufactures; and for the farther securing the Property of the Manufacturers and the Wages of the Workmen engaged therein.

41. An Act to continue to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

42. An Act to amend an Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of King George the Third, for empowering Grand Juries in Ireland to present Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for passing the same, in certain Cases.

43. An Act to suspend until the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

44. An Act to amend the Acts for carrying on Public Works in Ireland.

45. An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, an Act for exempting certain Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes from the Operation of the Laws relating to Usury.

46. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, an Act for authorizing Her Majesty to carry into immediate Execution by Orders in Council any Treaties for the Suppression of the Slave Trade.

47. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, an Act for amending the Law for the Trial of controverted Elections.

48. An Act to continue, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, the Exemption of Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as such, in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property, to the Relief of the Poor.

49. An Act to reduce the Duty on Spirits in Ireland, and to impose other countervailing Duties and Drawbacks on the Removal of certain Mixtures and Compounds between Ireland, England, and Scotland respectively.

50. An Act for carrying into execution a Treaty signed at London for the Suppression of the Slave Trade, so far as the same relates to Great Britain, Austria, Prussia, and Russia.

51. An Act for carrying into effect the Treaty between Her Majesty and the Mexican Republic for the Abolition of the Traffic in Slaves.

52. An Act for carrying into effect the Treaty between Her Majesty and the Republic of Chile for the Abolition of the Traffic in Slaves.

53. An Act for carrying into effect the Treaty between Her Majesty and the Queen of Portugal for the Suppression of the Traffic in Slaves.

54. An Act for extending to Ireland the Provisions not already in force there of an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property, and for simplifying the Remedies for trying the Rights thereto; and to explain and amend the said Act.

55. An Act for the Amendment of the Proceedings and Practice of the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

56. An Act for the better Collection of Fines, Penalties, Issues, Deodands, Amerciaments, and forfeited Recognizances in and for the Appropriation thereof.

57. An Act to relieve Bishops succeeding to Bishoprics by Operation of the Act to alter and amend the Laws relating to the Temporalities of the Church in Ireland from certain Liabilities.

58. An Act to enable Her Majesty to acquire Lands for the Enlargement of Her Majesty's Dock Yards and for other Naval Purposes.

59. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and, if Parliament be then sitting, to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

60. An Act for suspending, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, the Operation of the new Arrangement of Dioceses, so far as it affects the existing Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions.

61. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Admission of Ministers to Benefices in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland.

62. An Act to provide for the Performance of the Episcopal Functions in case of the Incapacity of any Bishop or Archbishop.

63. An Act for granting Relief to the Islands of Nevis, Dominica, and Montserrat.

64. An Act for carrying into effect an Agreement between the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and the Earl of Haddington, for the Purchase and Surrender of the Office of Hereditary Keeper of the Royal Park of Holyrood House; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

65. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Copyright of Designs.

66. An Act to enlarge the Provisions of an Act for preventing Frauds upon Creditors by secret Warrants of Attorney to confess Judgment.

67. An Act to enable Parties to sue out and prosecute Writs of Error in certain Cases upon the Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus.

68. An Act for regulating Theatres.

69. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Turnpike Acts.

70. An Act to defray, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

71. An Act to make further Provision in respect of Grand Jury Presentments in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland.

72. An Act to impose certain Stamp Duties, and to amend the Laws relating thereto.

73. An Act for consolidating and amending several of the Laws relating to Attornies and Solicitors practising in England and Wales.

74. An Act to amend, and continue for Two Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Laws in Ireland relative to the registering of Arms, and the Importation, Manufacture, and Sale of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition.

75. An Act for giving effect to a Convention between Her Majesty and the King of the French for the Apprehension of certain Offenders.

LXXYI. An Act for giving effect to a Treaty between Her Majesty and the United States of America for the Apprehension of certain Offenders.

77. An Act for regulating the Cathedral Churches of Wales.

78. An Act for the further Regulation of the Offices of Chief and Second Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

79. An Act to carry into effect a Convention between Her Majesty and the King of the French concerning the Fisheries in the Seas between the British Islands and France.

80. An Act for the better Government of Her Majesty's Subjects resorting to China.

81. An Act to make better Provision for the Appointment of a Deputy for the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace in the County ot Dublin, and to provide for the taking of an Oath by the said Chairman or Deputy; and to amend an Act of the First Year of Her present Majesty, to amend the Law for the Recovery of Small Debts by Civil Bill in Ireland.

82. An Act for extending to Scotland and Ireland the Power of the Lord High Chancellor to grant Commissions to enable Persons to take and receive Affidavits; and for amending the Law relating to Commissions for the Examination of Witnesses.

83. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Duties of Coroners.

84. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

85. An Act for improving the Law of Evidence.

86. An Act for regulating Hackney and Stage Carriages in and near London.

87. An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven millions one hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-three; and for amending an Act for granting Relief to certain Islands in the West Indies.

88. An Act for the Completion of a Parochial Church in the Parish of Saint Michael in the Citv of ,and for securing the Nomination of a Perpetual Curate thereto.

89. An Act to amend the Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales.

90. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Service of Clerks or Apprentices to Public Notaries, and for amending the Laws regulating the Admission of Public Notaries.

91. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Regulation of Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland.

92. An Act for the further Amendment of an Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

93. An Act to amend an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland.

94. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Exercise of Power and Juris-diction by Her Majesty within divers Countries and Places out of Her Majesty's Dominions, and to render the same more effectual.

95. An Act for rendering more effective the Services of such Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital as shall be called out to assist in preserving the Public Peace.

96. An Act to amend the Law respecting defamatory Words and Libel.

97. An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Existence of Bribery in the Borough of Sudbury.

98. An Act for the more effectual Suppression of the Slave Trade.

99. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

