Acts passed in 1847, 10 & 11 Victoria c.1 - c.115.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1847.
---

1. An Act to suspend, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Duties on the Importation of Corn.

2. An Act to allow, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Importation of Corn from any Country in Foreign Ships.

3. An Act to suspend, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Duties on the Importation of Buck Wheat, Buck Wheat Meal, Maize or Indian Corn, Indian Corn Meal, and Rice.

4. An Act for abolishing Poundage on Chelsea Pensions.

5. An Act to allow the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer.

6. An Act to further encourage the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar in the United Kingdom.

7. An Act for the temporary Relief of destitute Persons in Ireland.

8. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven.

9. An Act for raising the Sum of Eight Millions by way of Annuities.

10. An Act to render valid certain Proceedings for the Relief of Distress in Ireland, by Employment of the labouring Poor, and to indemnify those who have acted in such Proceedings.

11. An Act to explain and amend the Act authorizing the Advance of Money for the Improvement of Land by Drainage in Great Britain.

12. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

13. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

14. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts for constructing or regulating Markets and Fairs.

15. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts authorizing the making of Gasworks for supplying Towns with Gas.

16. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts with respect to the Constitution and Regulation of Bodies of Commissioners appointed for carrying on Undertakings of a public Nature.

17. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts authorizing the making of Waterworks for supplying Towns with Water.

18. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

19. An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen millions three hundred and ten thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven.

20. An Act to authorize the Application of certain Sums received on account of the Fees payable to the Office of Director in Chancery in Scotland towards the Payment of Debts incurred in completing the General Register House at Edinburgh.

21. An Act to regulate the Stations of Soldiers during Parliamentary Elections.

22. An Act to amend, and continue until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act for making Provision for the Treatment of poor Persons afflicted with Fever in Ireland.

23. An Act to alter certain Duties of Customs.

24. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Land for the Purposes of a Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater in the Isle of Portland in the County of Dorset.

25. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands, in pursuance of the Second Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

26. An Act for enabling the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to purchase Land for Prisons in Ireland.

27. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts authorizing the making and improving of Harbours, Docks, and Piers.

28. An Act to amend the Acts relating to County Buildings.

29. An Act to limit the Hours of Labour of young Persons and Females in Factories.

30. An Act for extending the Period of Service of Boys in Her Majesty's Navy.

31. An Act to make further Provision for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

32. An Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland.

33. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Removal of poor Persons from England and Scotland.

34. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, and improving Towns.

35. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

36. An Act for allowing the Subscriptions to the Loan of Eight Millions raised in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to be paid up under Discount.

37. An Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Army.

38. An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Lands in England and Wales.

39. An Act to amend an Act to enable Burghs in Scotland to establish a general System of Police, and another Act for providing for the Appointment and Election of Magistrates and Councillors for certain Burghs and Towns of Scotland.

40. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, for amending the Law relative to private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland,

41. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain of the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in Manufactures.

42. An Act to transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties in respect of Stage Carriages, Hackney Carriages, and Railway Passengers from the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes to the Commissioners of Excise.

43. An Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to the Provision and Regulation of Lunatic Asylums for Counties and Boroughs in England.

44. An Act to render permanent certain Parts of the Act for amending the Constitution of the Government of Newfoundland.

45. An Act to authorize for One Year, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Removal of Prisoners from the several Gaols in Ireland in Cases of epidemic Diseases.

46. An Act to facilitate the temporary Investment of Trust Monies in the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland.

47. An Act to amend the Law and Practice in Scotland as to the Service of Heirs.

48. An Act to facilitate the Transference of Lands and other Heritages in Scotland not held in Burgage Tenure.

49. An Act to facilitate the Transference of Lands and other Heritages in Scotland held in Burgage Tenure.

50. An Act to facilitate the Constitution and Transmission of Heritable Securities for Debt in Scotland, and to render the same more effectual for the Recovery of Debts.

51. An Act to amend the Practice in Scotland with regard to Crown Charters and Precepts from Chancery.

52. An Act for the Correction of certain Abuses which have frequently prevailed at the Elections of Representative Peers for Scotland.

53. An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

54. An Act to amend the Act for rendering effective the Service of the Chelsea and Greenwich Out-Pensioners.

55. An Act to authorize a further Advance of Money for the Relief of destitute Persons in Ireland.

56. An Act to make legal the Collection of certain Duties at Port Natal.

57. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for granting certain Powers and Authorities to the Van Diemen's Land Company.

58. An Act to remove Doubts as to Quakers and Jews Marriages solemnized before certain Periods.

59. An Act for amending an Act, intituled An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Government of His Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea.

60. An Act to abolish One of the Offices of Master in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery.

61. An Act to amend the Act for the Establishment of public Baths and Wash-houses.

62. An Act for the Establishment of Naval Prisons, and for the Prevention of Desertion from Her Majesty's Navy.

63. An Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Royal Marine Forces.

64. An Act to suspend until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the Duties on the Importation of Corn, Maize, Rice, Grain, Meal, Flour, Biscuit, and certain other similar Articles.

65. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts authorizing the making of Cemeteries.

66. An Act for extending the Provisions of the Law respecting Threatening Letters and securing Parties with a view to extort Money.

67. An Act to amend the Law as to the Custody of Offenders.

68. An Act to suspend until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

69. An Act for the more effectual Taxation of Costs on Private Bills in the House of Commons.

70. An Act to amend the Law as to the School Attendance of Children employed in Print Works.

71. An Act to authorize Her Majesty to assent to a certain Bill of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province of Canada, for granting a Civil List to Her Majesty; and to repeal certain Parts of an Act for re-uniting the Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada, and for the Government of Canada.

72. An Act for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to Turnpike Roads in South Wales.

73. An Act to authorize the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for Loans towards defraying the Expence of making certain Railways in Ireland.

74. An Act to provide for the Repayment of Sums due by the County of the City of Limerick for Advances of public Money for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Shannon.

75. An Act for the further Improvement of the Fishery Piers and Harbours of Ireland.

76. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Lands for the Purpose of a Harbour of Refuge at or near Holyhead in the County of Anglesea.

77. An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Exemption of Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as Buch in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor.

78. An Act to amend an Act for the Registration, Incorporation, and Regulation of Joint Stock Companies.

79. An Act to continue for a limited Time the Provisions for summary Proceedings contained in an Act of the last Session to amend the Acts for promoting the Drainage of Lands, and for other Purposes; and to amend the said Act.

80. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, for facilitating the Employment of the labouring Poor in the distressed Districts in Ireland, so far as relates to Compensation for Damages.

81. An Act to limit the Time for taking the Poll at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns, and Boroughs in Ireland.

82. An Act for the more speedy Trial and Punishment of Juvenile Offenders.

83. Ah Act for the Naturalization of Aliens.

84. An Act to make Provision for the Punishment of Vagrants and Persons offending against the Laws in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

85. An Act for giving further Facilities for the Transmission of Letters by Post, and for the regulating the Duties of Postage thereon, and for other Purposes relating to the Post Office.

86. An Act to allow until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the Importation of Corn, Maize, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Meal, Flour, Biscuit, and certain other similar Articles, from any Country, in any Ships.

87. An Act to facilitate the Recovery of Public Monies advanced for the Relief of Distress in Ireland by the Employment of the labouring Poor.

88. An Act to defray until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

89. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts for regulating the Police of Towns.

90. An Act to provide for the Execution of the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland.

91. An Act to increase the Number of Trustees for the Herring Fishery, and to direct the Application of the Funds granted for the Promotion of Manufactures and Improvements, in Scotland.

92. An Act for the Protection of Mussel Fisheries in Scotland.

93. An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand right hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

94. An Act to amend an Act to enable Canal Companies to become Carriers upon their Canals.

95. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Protection in the Colonies of Works entitled to Copyright in the United Kingdom.

96. An Act for better securing Trust Funds, and for the Relief of Trustees.

97. An Act for the Discontinuance of the Attendance of the Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery in the Public Office, and for transferring the Business of such Public Office to the Affidavit Office in Chancery.

98. An Act to amend the Law as to Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

99. An Act to authorize a further Advance of Money for the Relief of destitute Persons in Ireland.

100. An Act to regulate the Superannuation Allowances of the Constabulary Force in Ireland and the Dublin Metropolitan Police.

101. An Act to continue the Copyhold Commission until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

102. An Act to abolish the Court of Review in Bankruptcy, and to make Alterations in the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Bankruptcy and Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

103. An Act to amend the Passengers Act, and to make further Provision for the Carriage of Passengers by Sea.

104. An Act to explain the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, and to continue the Officers appointed under the said Acts until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

105. An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Turnpike Acts.

106. An Act to provide additional Funds for Loans for Drainage and other Works of public Utility in Ireland, and to repeal an Act of the last Session, for authorizing a further Issue of Money in aid of Public Works of acknowledged Utility.

107. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

108. An Act for establishing the Bishoprick of Manchester, and amending certain Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

101. An Act for the Administration of the Laws for Relief of the Poor in England.

110. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Removal of the Poor, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

111. An Act to extend the Provisions of the Act for the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons.

112. An Act to promote Colonization in New Zealand, and to authorize a Loan to the New Zealand Company.

113. An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Lands in Scotland.

114. An Act for improving the Harbour and Docks of Leith.

115. An Act to vary the Priorities of the Charges made on "The London Bridge Approaches Fund."

