Acts passed in 1852, 15 & 16 Victoria c.1 - c.88.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1852.
---

1. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two. 

2. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands, in pursuance of the Seventh Annual and also of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

3. An Act to provide for the Administration of Personal Estates of Intestates and others to which Her Majesty may be entitled in right of Her Prerogative or in right of Her Duchy of Lancaster.

4. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

5. An Act further to explain and amend the Acts for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, and in Ireland.

6. An Act for extending the Term of the provisional Registration of Inventions under "The Protection of Inventions Act, 1851."

7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

8. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

9. An Act to disfranchise the Borough of Saint Alban.

10. An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen millions seven hundred and forty-two thousand eight hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

11. An Act to continue an Act of the Twelfth Year of Her present Majesty, to prevent the spreading of contagious or infectious Disorders among Sheep, Cattle, and other Animals.

12. An Act to enable Her Majesty to carry into effect a Convention with France on the Subject of Copyright; to extend and explain the International Copyright Acts; and to explain the Acts relating to Copyright in Engravings.

13. An Act to amend and continue certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland

14. An Act to continue an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions in England and Wales upon the Common Fund.

15. An Act to continue an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

16. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Repayment of Advances made to Districts in Ireland.

17. An Act for further continuing certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

18. An Act to continue the Exemption of Inhabitants from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor.

19. An Act to continue an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

20. An Act to continue the Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

21. An Act to continue the Stamp Duties granted by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, to assimilate the Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland, and to make Regulations for collecting and managing the same.

22. An Act to continue certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

23. An Act to shorten the Time required for assembling Parliament after a Dissolution thereof.

24. An Act for the Amendment of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act for the Amendment of the Laws with respect to Wills.

25. An Act to amend an Act for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England.

26. An Act to enable Her Majesty to carry into effect Arrangements made with Foreign Powers for the Apprehension of Seamen who desert from their Ships.

27. An Act to amend the Law of Evidence in Scotland.

28. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her present Majesty, for the Direction of Public Works and Buildings; and to vest the Buildings appropriated for the Accommodation of the Supreme Courts of Justice in Edinburgh in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

29. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to inclose and lay out Kennington Common in the County of Surrey as Pleasure Grounds for the Recreation of the Public.

30. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs to acquire certain Lands and Houses in the Borough of Belfast, for the Purpose of erecting a Custom House and other Offices and Buildings required for the Public Service in the said Borough.

31. An Act to legalize the Formation of Industrial and Provident Societies.

32. An Act to alter and amend certain Provisions in the Laws relating to the Number and Election of Magistrates and Councillors in the Burghs in Scotland.

33. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the last Session, "to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts, and to make certain Provisions respecting Exemptions from Tolls."

34. An Act to extend the Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, and the Acts amending the same, to the Erection of Scutch Mills for Flax in Ireland.

35. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to requlate certain Proceedings in relation to the Election of Representative Peers for Scotland.

36. An Act to amend the Law relating to the certifying and registering Places of Religious Worship of Protestant Dissenters.

37. An Act to continue the Poor Law Commission for Ireland.

38. An Act to explain Two Acts of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, concerning the Appointments of Overseers, and the Authority of Justices of the Peace to act in certain Matters relating to the Poor in Cities and Boroughs.

39. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Lands and Casual Revenues of the Crown in the Colonies and Foreign Possessions of Her Majesty.

40. An Act for carrying into execution an Agreement for the Sale of Property belonging to Her Majesty, in right of Her Crown and of Her Duchy of Lancaster, to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue; and for enabling such Commissioners to dispose of their present Chief Office and other Property in the City of London.

41. An Act to provide a Burial Ground for the Township of Huddersfield in the County of York.

42. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health, and to amend the Public Health Act, 1848.

43. An Act to repeal certain Disabilities under the First of George the First, Chapter Thirteen, and the Sixth of George the Third, Chapter Fifty-three.

44. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Carriage of Passengers by Sea.

45. An Act for making a Turnpike Road between Stone Creek and Sunk Island Church in the County of York, and between Sunk Island Church and Patrington Haven, and for consolidating with such Roads the present Turnpike Road from Sunk Island Church to Ottringham, and for constructing Quays and Wharfs at Stone Creek.

46. An Act to amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth, for amending and consolidating the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy.

47. An Act to enable Her Majesty to abolish otherwise than by Treaty, on Condition of Reciprocity, Differential Duties on Foreign Ships.

48. An Act for the Amendment of the Law respecting the Property of Lunatics.

49. An Act to extend the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Conveyance of Sites for Schools.

50. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Militia in England.

51. An Act to extend the Provisions of the Acts for the Commutation of Manorial Rights, and for the gradual Enfranchisement of Lands of Copyhold and Customary Tenure.

52. An Act to enable Colonial and other Bishops to perform certain Episcopal Functions, under Commission from Bishops of England and Ireland.

53. An Act to provide for the Exercise of certain Powers vested in the Bishop of Quebec in respect of Districts severed from his Diocese.

54. An Act further to facilitate and arrange Proceedings in the County Courts.

55. An Act to extend the Provisions of "The Trustee Act, 1850."

56. An Act for regulating the Qualifications of Pharmaceutical Chemists.

57. An Act to provide for more effectual Inquiry into the Existence of corrupt Practices at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament.

58. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

59. An Act to continue the Poor Law Board.

60. An Act to continue an Act of the Twelfth Year of Her present Majesty, for amending the Laws relating to Savings Banks in Ireland.

61. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Summary Proceedings for Penalties and Forfeitures under the Acts relating to the Excise.

62. An Act to alter and amend certain Acts relating to the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown.

63. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Valuation of rateable Property in Ireland.

64. An Act to continue and amend the Metropolitan Sewers Act.

65. An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies.

66. An Act to continue an Act of the Eleventh Year of Her present Majesty, for the better Prevention of Crime and Outrage in certain Parts of Ireland.

67. An Act to continue the Powers of applying for a Sale of Lands under the Act for facilitating the Sale and Transfer of Incumbered Estates in Ireland.

68. An Act for the Application of certain Money accrued from Fines and Forfeitures in Ireland in aid of certain distressed Unions and Electoral Divisions in that Country.

69. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health.

70. An Act for authorizing the Occupation of the House of Correction recently erected by and for the City of London at Holloway in the County of Middlesex.

71. An Act to amend an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her present Majesty, for the Embankment of a Portion of the River Thames.

72. An Act to grant a Representative Constitution to the Colony of New Zealand.

73. An Act to make Provision for a permanent Establishment of Officers to perform the Duties at Nisi Prius, in the Superior Courts of Common Law, and for the Payment of such Officers and of the Judges Clerks by Salaries, and to abolish certain Offices in those Courts.

74. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

75. An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

76. An Act to amend the Process, Practice, and Mode of Pleading in the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster, and in the Superior Courts of the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham.

77. An Act to abolish the Office of Lord Chancellor's Secretary of Bankrupts, and to regulate the Office of Chief Registrar of the Court of Bankruptcy.

78. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to complete Improvements in Pimlico and in the Neighbourhood of Buckingham Palace.

79. An Act to amend and further extend the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land.

80. An Act to abolish the Office of Master in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery, and to make Provision for the more speedy and efficient Despatch of Business in the said Court.

81. An Act to consolidate and amend the Statutes relating to the Assessment and Collection of County Rates in England and Wales.

82. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

83. An Act for amending the Law for granting Patents for Inventions.

84. An Act to make better Provision respecting the Supply of Water to the Metropolis.

85. An Act to amend the Laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis.

86. An Act to amend the Practice and Course of Proceeding in the High Court of Chancery.

87. An Act for the Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery.

88. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Constitution of the Bishopric of Christchurch in New Zealand, and to enable Her Majesty to constitute such Bishopric and to subdivide the Diocese of New Zealand.

