Acts passed in 1854, 17 & 18 Victoria c.1 - c.125.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1854.
---

1. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and to authorize Justices of the Peace in Ireland to administer Oaths required in Matters relating to Income Tax.

2. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four.

3. An Act for raising the Sum of One million seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An Act to admit Foreign Ships to the Coasting Trade.

6. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

7. An Act for extending the Time limited for putting into execution the Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her present Majesty, for the better Management and Control of Highways in South Wales.

8. An Act further to amend an Act relating to the Valuation of rateable Property in Ireland.

9. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

10. An Act for granting to Her Majesty additional Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

11. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Ministers Money, and the Church Temporalities (Ireland) Act.

12. An Act for raising the Sum of Sixteen millions twenty-four thousand one hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four.

13. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom.

14. An Act to continue Her Majesty's Commission for building new Churches.

15. An Act to empower the Commissioners of the Admiralty to construct a Tunnel between Her Majesty's Dockyard at Devonport and Her Majesty's Steam Factory Yard at Keyham, and to acquire certain Property for Her Majesty's Service.

16. An Act to amend the Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Victoria, Chapter Sixty-one, and the Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Victoria, Chapter Fifty-four.

17. An Act to make further Provision for defining the Boundaries of Counties, Baronies, Half Baronies, Parishes, Town Lands, and other Divisions and Denominations of Land in Ireland for Public Purposes.

18. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen and the more effectual Manning of Her Majesty's Navy during the present War.

19. An Act for facilitating the Payment of Her Majesty's Navy, and the Payment and Distribution of Prize, Bounty, Salvage, and other Monies to and amongst the Officers and Crews of Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War; and for the better Regulation of the Accounts relating thereto.

20. An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty-third Year of King George the Third, Chapter Seventy-two, and an Act of the Eighth Year of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-one; and for making Provision for the Appointment and for Remuneration of a Stipendiary Justice for the Division of Manchester in the County of Lancaster, and of Clerks to such Justice and the Justices for the Borough of Salford; and for other Purposes.

21. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four.

22. An Act to enable the Collector General of Dublin to levy Money to repay a certain Outlay by the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin in and about repairing the Quay Wall of the River Liffey, and for future Repairs thereof, and for repairing and rebuilding Bridges over the said River.

23. An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions by Exchequer Bonds and Exchequer Bills.

24. An Act for granting to Her Majesty an increased Rate of Duty on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

25. An Act to amend the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1852.

26. An Act to assimilate the Law and Practice existing in Cases of High Treason in Ireland to the Law and Practice existing in Cases of High Treason in England.

27. An Act for granting certain additional Rates and Duties of Excise.

28. An Act to alter and amend certain Duties of Customs.

29. An Act to alter the Duties of Customs on Sugar, Molasses, and Spirits.

30. An Act for granting certain Duties of Excise on Sugar made in the United Kingdom.

31. An Act for the better Regulation of the Traffic on Railways and Canals.

32. An Act to facilitate the Apportionment of the Rent when Parts of Lands in Lease are taken for the Purposes of the Church Building Acts.

33. An Act to place Public Statues within the Metropolitan Police District under the Control of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

34. An Act to enable the Courts of Law in England, Ireland and Scotland to issue Process to compel the Attendance of Witnesses out of their Jurisdiction, and to give Effect to the Service of such Process in any Part of the United Kingdom.

35. An Act to repeal certain Provisions of an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, concerning the holding of Assizes for the County of Warwick

36. An Act for preventing Frauds upon Creditors by secret Bills of Sale of Personal Chattels.

37. An Act for establishing the Validity of certain Proceedings in Her Majesty's Court of Vice-Admiralty in Mauritius.

38. An Act for the Suppression of Gaming Houses.

39. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

40. An Act to continue an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for extending for a limited Time the Provision for Abatement of Income Tax in respect of Insurance on Lives.

41. An Act to continue the Poor Law Board.

42. An Act to continue certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

43. An Act to continue an Act of the Seventeenth Year of Her present Majesty, for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions in England and Wales upon the Common Fund.

44. An Act for regulating and maintaining the Harbours of Holyhead, and for vesting them in the Admiralty.

45. An Act to amend the Dublin Carriage Act, 1853.

46. An Act to continue certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland.

47. An Act to alter and improve the Mode of taking Evidence in the Ecclesiastical Courts of England and Wales.

48. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

49. An Act for the Settlement of Claims upon and over the New Forest.

50. An Act to continue an Act of the Twelfth Year of Her present Majesty, for amending the Laws relating to Savings m Banks in Ireland; and to authorize Friendly Societies to invest the whole of their Funds in Savings Banks.

51. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts, and to make certain Provisions respecting Exemptions from Tolls.

52. An Act to continue an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

53. An Act to confirm Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health for the Districts of Plymouth, Haworth, Aberdare, Bishop Auckland, Willenhall, and Over Darwen.

54. An Act to guarantee the Liquidation of a Loan or Loans for the Service of the Colony of Jamaica.

55. An Act for the Registration of Bills of Sale in Ireland.

56. An Act to make further Provisions in relation to certain Friendly Societies.

57. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of Returning Officers in certain Cases.

58. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to make further Provisions concerning Turnpike Roads in England.

59. An Act to allow Verdicts on Trials by Jury in Civil Causes in Scotland to be returned although the Jury may not be unanimous.

60. An Act to amend an Act of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.

61. An Act to authorize the Application of a Sum of Money out of the forfeited and unclaimed Army Prize Fund in enlarging and improving the Royal Military Asylum.

62. An Act to extend the Benefits of Two Acts of Her Majesty relating to the Constitution, Transmission, and Extinction of Heritable Securities in Scotland.

63. An Act to continue the Poor Law Commission for Ireland.

64. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, for extending the Public Libraries Act, 1850, to Ireland and Scotland.

65. An Act for further continuing certain Temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

66. An Act to continue the Exemption of Inhabitants from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor.

67. An Act to facilitate the Purchase of Common, Commonable, and other Rights by 'the Principal Officers of Her Majesty's Ordnance.

68. An Act to provide for the Application of certain Stock purchased with Monies which arose from the Sale of Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland.

69. An Act to indemnify Local Boards of Health as regards rating for the Repair of Highways under the Public Health Act, 1848.

70. An Act to enable the Trustees of Portland Chapel, Oxford Chapel, and Welbeck Chapel, in the Parish of Saint Marylebone, to augment the Salaries of the Ministers of the said Chapels.

71. An Act to amend the Law concerning the making of Borough Rates in Boroughs not within the Municipal Corporation Acts.

72. An Act to provide for Payment of the Salaries of the Sheriff and Sheriff Clerk of Chancery in Scotland, 359.

73. An Act to amend the Acts for the Regulation of Joint Stock Banks in Scotland.

74. An Act to render Reformatory and Industrial Schools in Scotland more available for the Benefit of Vagrant Children.

75. An Act to remove Doubts concerning the due Acknowledgment of Deeds by Married Women in certain Cases.

76. An Act for the Formation, Regulation, and Government of Convict Prisons in Ireland.

77. An Act to provide for the Mode of passing Letters Patent and other Acts of the Crown relating to India, and for vesting certain Powers in the Governor General of India in Council.

78. An Act to appoint Persons to administer Oaths and to substitute Stamps in lieu of Fees, and for other Purposes, in the High Court of Admiralty of England.

79. An Act for further regulating the Sale of Beer and other Liquors on the Lord's Day.

80. An Act to provide for the better Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland.

81. An Act to make further Provision for the good Government apd Extension of the University of Oxford, of the Colleges therein, and of the College of Saint Mary, Winchester.

82. An Act further to improve the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

83. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties.

84. An Act.to extend the Provisions of the Acts for the Augmentation of Benefices.

85. An Act for better securing the collecting and accounting for the Land Tax, Assessed Taxes, and Income Tax, by the Collectors thereof.

86. An Act for the better Care and Reformation of Youthful Offenders in Great Britain.

87. An Act to make further Provision for the Burial of the Dead in England beyond the Limits of the Metropolis.

88. An Act to render valid certain Marriages of British Subjects in Mexico.

89. An Act to amend the Laws for the better Prevention of the Sale of Spirits by unlicensed Persons, and for the Suppression of Illicit Distillation, in Ireland.

90. An Act to repeal the Laws relating to Usury and to the Enrolment of Annuities.

91. An Act for the Valuation of Lands and Heritages in Scotland

92. An Act to continue an Act of the Eleventh Year of Her present Majesty, for the better Prevention of Crime and Outrage in certain Parts of Ireland

93. An Act for the Exchange of the Office in Somerset House of the Duchy of Cornwall for an Office to be erected in Pimlico on the Hereditary Possessions of the Crown.

94. An Act to alter the Mode of providing for certain Expenses now charged upon certain Branches of the Public Revenues and upon the Consolidated Fund.

95. An Act to make better Provision for the Administration of the Laws relating to the Public Health.

96. An Act for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a lower Standard than that now allowed by Law, and to amend the Law relating to the assaying of Gold and Silver Wares.

97. An Act to amend and extend the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land.

98. An Act to regulate the Salaries of the Parochial Schoolmasters of Scotland.

99. An Act to provide for the Establishment of a National Gallery of Paintings, Sculpture, and the Fine Arts, for the Care of a Public Library, and the Erection of a Public Museum, in Dublin

100. An Act to make further Provision for the more speedy and efficient Despatch of Business in the High Court of Chancery.

101. An Act to continue and amend the Acts now in force relating to Friendly Societies.

102. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Bribery, Treating, and undue Influence at Elections of Members of Parliament.

103. An Act to make better Provision for the paving, lighting, draining, cleansing, supplying with Water, and Regulation of Towns in Ireland.

104. An Act to amend and consolidate the Acts relating to Merchant Shipping.

105. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia in England and Wales.

106. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia, and raising a Volunteer Force, in Scotland.

107. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia, and for raising a Volunteer Militia Force, in Ireland.

108. An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

109. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

110. An Act to provide for the Repayment of Monies advanced from the Exchequer to the County of Mayo for Public Purposes.

111. An Act to continue and amend the Metropolitan Sewers Acts.

112. An Act to afford greater Facilities for the Establishment of Institutions for the Promotion of Literature and Science and the Fine Arts, and to provide for their better Regulation.

113. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Administration of the Estates of deceased Persons.

114. An Act to extend the Rights enjoyed by the Graduates of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge in respect to the Practice of Physic to the Graduates of the University of London.

115. An Act to amend the Law relative to the Removal of Prisoners in Custody.

116. An Act to continue and amend an Act to facilitate the Management and Improvement of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England.

117. An Act to facilitate the Sale and Transfer of Incumbered Estates in the West Indies.

118. An Act to empower the Legislature of Canada to alter the Constitution of the Legislative Council for that Province, and for other Purposes.

119. An Act for regulating Appointments to Offices in the Court of Bankruptcy, and for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

120. An Act to repeal certain Acts and Parts of Acts relating to Merchant Shipping, and to continue certain Provisions in the said Acts.

121. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and certain other Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament

122. An Act for the further Alteration and Amendment of the Laws and Duties of Customs.

123. An Act to render any Dealing with Securities issued during the present War between Russia and England by the Russian Government a Misdemeanor.

124. An Act to settle the Contribution to be made by certain Baronies in Roscommon and Galway and the County of the Town of Galway to the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company.

125. An Act for the further Amendment of the Process, Practice, and Mode of Pleading in and enlarging the Jurisdiction of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster, and of the Superior Courts of Common Law of the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham.

