Acts passed in 1857, 20 Victoria c.1 - c.20
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1857
---

1. An Act to amend the Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Royal Marine Forces.

2. An Act to facilitate the Appointment of Chief Constables for adjoining Counties, and to confirm Appointments of Chief Constables in certain Cases.

3. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the Districts of Ipswich, Oldbury, Stroud, Llangollen, and and for altering the Constitution of the Local Board for the Main Sewerage District of Wisbech and Walsoken.

4. An Act to enable the Subjects of the Ionian States to hold Military and Naval Commissions under the Crown.

5. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

6. An Act to reduce the Rates of Duty on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

7. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

8. An Act to continue Appointments under the Act for consolidating the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and for completing Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts.

9. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on the Right Honourable Charles Shaw Lefevre, in consideration of his eminent Services.

10. An Act to continue certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

11. An Act to amend the Commissioners of Supply (Scotland) Act 1856.

12. An Act to amend an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-two, intituled An Act to make Provision for the lighting, cleansing, and watching Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market Towns in Ireland, in certain Cases.

13. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

14. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

15. An Act for granting certain Duties of Customs on Tea, Sugar, and other Articles.

16. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for repealing, and re-imposing under new Regulations, the Duty on Race Horses.

17. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-one million forty-nine thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

18. An Act to continue the Act for charging the Maintenance of certain Paupers upon the Union Funds.

19. An Act to provide for the Relief of the Poor in Extra-parochial Places.

20. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

