Acts passed in 1860, 23 & 24 Victoria c.1 - c.154.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1860.
---

1. An Act to render Valid certain Marriages in the Chapel of Saint Mary in Rydal in the County of Westmoreland.

2. An Act to apply the Sum of Four hundred and seven thousand six hundred and forty-nine Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

3. An Act to apply the Sum of Four Million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

4. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to defray One Moiety of the Expense of the annual Revision of the Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland out of the Consolidated Fund.

5. An Act to regulate Probate and Administration with respect to certain Indian Government Securities; to repeal certain Stamp Duties; and to extend the Operation of the Act of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of Victoria, Chapter Thirty-nine, to Indian Bonds.

6. An Act to transfer to the Postmaster General Securities entered into with the Commissioners of the Admiralty in relation to the Packet Service.

7. An Act to amend the Medical Acts.

8. An Act to amend the Law relating to the unlawful administering of Poison.

9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

10. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

11. An Act to amend the Law relating to Endowed Schools.

12. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight hundred and fifty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

13. An Act to prevent the Members of Benefit Societies from forfeiting their Interest therein by being enrolled in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps.

14. An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

15. An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties on Stamps.

16. An Act to make further Provision concerning Mortgages and other Dispositions of Property belonging to Municipal Corporations in England and Ireland.

17. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

18. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Marriages in England and Ireland, by extending certain Provisions thereof to Persons professing with the Society of Friends called Quakers.

19. An Act to extend the Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, and the Acts amending the same, to the Erection of Dwellings for the Labouring Classes in Ireland.

20. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen million two hundred and thirty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

21. An Act to amend the Act for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers.

22. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

23. An Act to provide for the Consideration of an Ordinance which has been laid before Parliament in a Report of the Oxford University Commissioners.

24. An Act to remove Doubt as to the Validity of certain Marriages in Extra-parochial Places.

25. An Act to apply the Sum of Nine million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

26. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Application of "The Common Lodging Houses Acts" to Ireland, and to amend the Provisions of the same so far as they relate to Ireland.

27. An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties on Wine Licences and Refreshment Houses, and for regulating the licensing of Refreshment Houses and the granting of Wine Licences.

28. An Act to repeal the Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, Chapter Eight, commonly called "Sir John Barnards Act," and the Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Eight.

21. An Act to amend an Act relative to malicious Injuries to Property.

30. An Act to enable a Majority of Two Thirds of the Ratepayers of any Parish or District, duly assembled, to rate their District in aid of Public Improvements for general Benefit within their District

31. An Act to repeal a certain Enactment for restraining the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland from lending Money on Mortgage.

32. An Act to abolish the Jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland in Cases of Defamation, and in England and Ireland in certain Cases of Brawling.

33. An Act to amend certain Provisions in the Bankrupt Law of Scotland.

34. An Act to amend the Law relating to Petitions of Right, to simplify the Proceedings, and to make Provisions for the Costs thereof.

35. An Act further to amend an Act of the Eighteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to amend the Law for the better Prevention of the Sale of Spirits by unlicensed Persons and for the Suppression of illicit Distillation in Ireland.

36. An Act to authorize the Appointment and Approval of Places for the warehousing of Goods for the Security of Duties of Customs.

37. An Act to levy an Assessment in the Connty of Inverness to discharge a Debt on the Castle Stewart and Nairn Road in the said County.

38. An Act to further amend the Law of Property.

39. An Act for the Construction of a new Harbour, and the Improvement of the existing Harbour, at Anstruther Easter in the County of Fife.

40. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

41. An Act to make perpetual an Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her present Majesty, to amend the Law relating to Cheap Trains, and to restrain the Exercise of certain Powers by Canal Companies being also Railway Companies.

41. An Act to vest the Management of the Phoenix Park in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

43. An Act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Administration of Archbishop Tenison's Charity in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the City of Westminster.

44. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Looal Government Act (1858) relating to the Districts of Southampton, Leicester, Epsom, Coventry, Ipswich, Fareham, Wells, Tormoham, Scarborough, Ludlow, Banbury, Boston, Penrith, Barnsley, and Shipley; and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

45. An Act to extend the Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Victoria, Chapter Twenty-six, for preventing fishing for Trout or other Fresh-water Fish by Nets in the Rivers and Waters in Scotland.

46. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Caledonian and Crinan Canals.

47. An Act to amend the Law relative to the legal Qualifications of Councillors and the Admission of Burgesses in Royal Burghs in Scotland.

48. An Act to provide for the Settlement and Discharge of the Debt due to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from the Harbour and Docks of Leith.

49. An Act for extinguishing certain Rights of Way through Colewort Barracks in the Borough of Portsmouth.

50. An Act to abolish the Annuity Tax in Edinburgh and Montrose, and to make Provision in regard, to the Stipends of the Ministers in that City and Burgh, and also to make Provision for the Patronage of the Church of North Leith.

51. An Act to provide for an annual Return of Rates, Taxes, Tolls, and Dues levied for local Purposes in England.

52. An Act to alter and amend "The Metropolitan Building Act (1855)."

53. An Act for the Limitation of Actions and Suits by the Duke of Cornwall in relation to Real Property, and for authorizing certain Leases of Possessions of the Duchy.

52. An Act to amend an Act for abolishing certain Offices on the Crown Side of the Court of Queen's Bench, and for regulating the Crown Office.

55. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners.

56. An Act to make further Provision for Improvements in the Harbours of the Isle of Man.

57. An Act to authorize an Extension of the Time for Repayment of a Loan made by the West India Relief Commissioners to the Island of Dominica.

58. An Act to amend the Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty relating to Friendly Societies.

59. An Act to extend the Provisions of the Universities and College Estates Act (1858), and of the Copyhold Acts, and of the Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, and of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the same Reign, Chapter Eighty-four, so far as the same relate to Universities and Colleges.

60. An Act to amend the Act for regulating the Queen's Prison.

61. An Act for taking the Census of England.

62. An Act for taking the Census of Ireland.

63. An Act to amend the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Victoria, Chapter Forty-nine, to provide for the Relief of Her Majesty's Subjects professing the Jewish Religion.

64. An Act to make further Provision for the Expenses of Local Boards of Health and Improvement Commissioners acting as Burial Boards.

65. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Treasury to further regulate the Postage on redirected Letters of Commissioned and Warrant Officers, Seamen, and Soldiers whilst on actual Service.

66. An Act to amend the Medical Act (1858).

67. An Act to continue an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

68. An Act for the better Management and Control of the Highways in South Wales.

69. An Act to enable the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England to apply pertain Funds towards the Repairs of the Cathedral or Collegiate Church of Manchester.

70. An Act to.confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

71. An Act to make Provision as to Stock and Dividends unclaimed in Ireland.

72. An Act to promote and facilitate the Endowment and Augmentation of small Benefices in Ireland.

72. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to extend the Provisions of the Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-eight.

74. An Act to amend the Provisions of the Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, with respect to the Appointment of Coroners in Boroughs.

75. An Act to make better Provision for the Custody and Care of Criminal Lunatics.

60. VI. An Act to amend the Burial Grounds (Ireland) Act (1856).

77. An Act to amend the Acts for the Removal of Nuisances and the Prevention of Diseases.

78. An Act to place the Employment of Women, Young Persons, aud Children, in Bleaching Works and Dyeing Works under the Regulations of the Factories Acts.

79. An Act to provide additional Accommodation for the Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

80. An Act to regulate the Levying and Collection of the Inventory Duty payable upon Heritable Securities and other Property in Scotland.

81. An Act to continue Appointments under the Act for consolidating the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and for completing Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts.

82. An Act to amend the Provisions of "The Common Law Procedure (Ireland) Act Amendment (1853."

83. An Act to explain an Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her present Majesty enabling Infants, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to make binding Settlements of their Real and Personal Estate on Marriage.

84. An Act for preventing the Adulteration of Articles of Food or Drink.

85. An Act to amend Two Acts of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years, and of the Eighteenth Year, of Her Present Majesty, relating to the Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages, in Scotland

86. An Act to make Provision respecting the Marriages of British Subjects in the Ionian Islands.

77. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Authority of the Senior Member of the Council of the Governor General of India in the Absence of the President.

88. An Act to extend certain Provisions for Admiralty Jurisdiction in the Colonies to Her Majesty's Territories in India.

89. An Act to extend in certain Cases the Provisions of the Superannuation Act, 1859.

90. An Act to repeal the Duties on Game Certificates and Certificates to deal in Game, and to impose in lieu thereof Duties on Excise Licences and Certificates for the like Purposes.

91. An Act for removing Doubts respecting the Craven Scholarships in the University of Oxford, and for enabling the University to, retain the Custody of certain Testamentary Documents.

92. An Act to amend the Law relative to the Scottish Herring Fisheries.

93. An Act to amend and further extend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

94. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia.

95. An Act to facilitate the building of Cottages for Labourers, Farm Servants, and Artisans by the Proprietors of entailed Estates in Scotland.

96. An Act to amend the Police of Towns Improvement Act, so as to enable Towns tod populous Places in Scotland to avail themselves of its Provisions for sanitary and other Improvements, without at the same Time adopting its Provisions as regards the Establishment and Maintenance of a Police Force,

97. An Act for amending and making perpetual the Railways Act, Ireland (1851).

98. An Act for taking the Census, in Scotland.

99. An Act to continue the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act (1854).

100. An Act to repeal so much of the Act of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Victoria,

Chapter Twenty-seven, and of certain other Acts, as authorizes the Secretary of State in Council to give Directions for raising European Forces for the Indian Army of Her Majesty.

101. An Act to continue the Poor Law Board.

102. An Act to provide for the Management of East India Stock, and of the Debts and Obligations of the Government of India, at and by the Bank of England.

103. An Act to apply the Sum of Ten Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

104. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Royal College of Saint Patrick at Maynooth to make Provision for certain necessary Buildings and Repairs.

105. An Act to provide for the Management of the General Prison at Perth, and for the Administration of Local Prisons in Scotland.

106. An Act to amend the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts (1845) in regard to Sales and Compensation for Land by way of a Rentcharge, Annual Feu Duty or Ground Annual, and to enable Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department to avail himself of the Powers and Provisions contained in the same Acts.

107. An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties on Wine Licences and Refreshment Houses, and for regulating the licensing of Refreshment Houses and the granting of Wine Licences, in Ireland.

108. An Act to amend the Industrial Schools Act, 1857.

109. An Act for defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and of creating a Central Arsenal.

110. An Act to consolidate the Duties of Customs.

111. An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Stamps, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties.

112. An Act to make better Provision for acquiring Lands for the Defence of the Realm.

113. An Act to grant Duties of Excise on Chicory, and on Licences to Dealers in Sweets or Made Wines; also to reduce the Excise Duty on Hops and the Period of Credit allowed for Payment of the Duty on Malt and Hops respectively; to repeal the Exemption from Licence Duty of Persons dealing in Foreign Wine and Spirits in Bond; and to amend the Laws relating to the Excise.

114. An Act to reduce into One Act and to amend the Excise Regulations relating to the distilling, rectifying, and dealing in Spirits.

115. An Act to simplify and amend the Practice as to the Entry of Satisfaction on Crown Debts and on Judgments. 470,

116. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Election, Duties, and Payment of County Coroners. 471.

117. An Act to confer Powers on the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire certain Property in Edinburgh, for the Erection of an Industrial Museum for Scotland.

118. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act (1858), relating to the Districts of Nottingham, Sunderland, Hastings, Reading, Chatham, Dartmouth, Tunbridge Wells, Sheerness, Sandgate, Wilton, Bridgnorth, and Dorchester.

119. An Act to amend the Law relating to Weights and Measures in Ireland.

120. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Ballots for the Militia in England, and to suspend the making of Lists and Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

121. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Government of Her Settlements on the Coast of Africa and in the Falkland Islands.

122. An Act to enable the Legislatures of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad to make Enactments similar to the Enactment of the Act Ninth George the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-one, Section Eight.

123. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Government of the Navy.

124. An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England.

125. An Act for better regulating the Supply of Gas to the Metropolis.

126. An Act for the further Amendment of the Process, Practice, and Mode of Pleading in and enlarging the Jurisdiction of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster.

127. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Attorneys, Solicitors, Proctors, and Certificated Conveyancers.

128. An Act to enable the Lord Chancellor and Judges of the Court of Chancery to carry into effect the Recommendations and Suggestions of the Chancery Evidence Commissioners by General Rules and Orders of the Court.

129. An Act to grant Excise Duties on British Spirits and on Spirits imported from the Channel Islands.

130. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

131. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

132. An Act for raising the Sum of Two million Pounds by Exchequer Bonds or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

CXXX1IL An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

134. An Act to amend the Law regarding Roman Catholic Charities.

135. An Act for the Employment of the Metropolitan Police Force in Her Majesty's Yards and Military Stations.

136. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Administration of Endowed Charities.

137. An Act to make further Provision with respect to Monies received from Savings Banks and Friendly Societies.

138. An Act to continue and amend the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act (1856).

139. An Act to amend the Law concerning the making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder and Compositions of an explosive Nature, and concerning the Manufacture, Sale, and Use of Fireworks.

111. An Act for facilitating the Acquisition by Rifle Volunteer Corps of Grounds for Rifle Practice.

141. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of Her Majesty, to restrain Party Processions in Ireland.

142. An Act to make better Provision for the Union of contiguous Benefices in Cities, Towns, and Boroughs.

143. An Act to extend certain Provisions of the Titles to Land (Scotland) Act, 1858, to Titles to Land held by Burgage Tenure; and to amend the said Act.

144. An Act to amend the Procedure and Powers of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

145. An Act to give to Trustees, Mortgagees, and others certain Powers now commonly inserted in Settlements, Mortgages, and Wills.

146. An Act to amend the Act for regulating Measures used in Sales of Gas.

146. An Act to amend the Seventh and Eighth Victoria, Chapter Seventy.

148. An Act to continue the Powers of the Poor Law Commissioners in Ireland.

149. An Act to make better Provision for the Relief of Prisoners in Contempt of the High Court of Chancery, and Pauper Defendants; and for the more efficient Despatch of Business in the said Court.

150. An Act further to amend certain Acts relating to the Temporalities of the Church in Ireland.

151. An Act for the Regulation and Lispection of Mines.

152. An Act to facilitate internal Communication in Ireland by means of Tramroads or Tramways.

153. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Tenure and Improvement of Land in Ireland.

154. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law of Landlord and Tenant in Ireland.

