Acts passed in 1865, 28 & 29 Victoria c.1 - c.127.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1865.
---

1. An Act to amend certain clerical Errors In the Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1864.

2. An Act to extend the Powers now vested in Justices of the Peace to grant Licences to deal in Game to the Divisional Magistrates within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

3. An Act for the Protection of Inventions and Designs exhibited at certain Industrial Exhibitions in the United Kingdom.

4. An Act to apply the Sum of One hundred and seventy-five thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

5. An Act for the Incorporation of the Territories of British Kaffraria with the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope.

6. An Act for the Protection of Inventions and Designs exhibited at the Dublin International Exhibition for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

7. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862," relating to the Burgh of Perth.

8. An Act to amend "The Election Petitions Act, 1848," in certain Particulars.

9. An Act to allow Affirmations or Declarations to be made instead of Oaths in all Civil and Criminal Proceedings in Scotland.

10. An Act to apply the Sum of Fifteen Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

11. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

12. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

13. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863," and the Act amending the same.

14. An Act to make better Provision for the Naval Defence of the Colonies.

15. An Act to extend the Term for granting fresh Letters Patent for the High Courts in India, and to make further Provision respecting the Territorial Jurisdiction of the said Courts.

16. An Act to make further Provision for the Management of the Unredeemed Public Debt in Ireland, and for the Reduction of the Interest payable on certain Sums advanced by the Bank of Ireland for the Public Service.

17. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Governor General of India in Council at Meetings for making Laws and Regulations, and to amend the Law respecting the Territorial Limits of the several Presidencies and Lieutenant Governorships in India.

18. An Act for amending the Law of Evidence and Practice on Criminal Trials.

19. An Act to extend the Period for borrowing the Sum authorized to be raised under the Metropolitan Main Drainage Extension Act, 1863.

20. An Act to authorize the Inclosurc of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

21. An Act to amend the Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857.

22. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Scottish Herring Fisheries.

23. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861."

24. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Bridlington, Brighouse, Burnley, Henley, Shipley, Wallingford, Llangollen, Ormskirk, Swansea, Tormoham, and Lockwood.

25. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Derby, Ramsgate, Oswestry, Bury, Heap, Cockermouth, Matlock Bath, and Bromsgrove.

26. An Act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Unions in Ireland.

27. An Act for awarding Costs in certain Cases of Private Bills.

28. An Act to authorize certain Payments out of the Land Revenues of the Crown to provide Compensation for certain Claims in the Isle of Man.

29. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million Pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

30. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue.

31. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire additional Lands for improving the Site of the new Public Offices in Downing Street and the Approaches thereto.

32. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to acquire additional Lands for improving the Site of the India Office and the Approaches thereto.

33. An Act to repeal the Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Sixth Year of Anne, Chapter Eleven, for explaining and amending the several Acts against Tories, Robbers, and Rapparees.

34. An Act to make the Metropolitan Houseless Poor Act perpetual.

35. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Police Superannuation Funds in Counties and Boroughs.

36. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Registration of County Voters, and to the Powers and Duties of Revising Barristers in certain Cases.

37. An Act to make better Provision respecting the Transaction of County Business and the Administration of Justice at Quarter Sessions in the County of Sussex; and to confirm certain Proceedings of the Justices of the said County.

38. An Act to authorize the Alteration of the Time for holding Statutory Meetings of Commissioners of Supply in Scotland.

39. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

40. An Act to extend tp the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster certain of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to give to Trustees, Mortgagees, and others certain Powers now commonly inserted in Settlements, Mortgages, and Wills.

41. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Sheffield', Bradford, and Gloucester.

42. An Act for facilitating the Annexation of Tithes to District Churches.

43. An Act to provide for the Security of Property of Married Women separated from their Husbands in Ireland.

44. An Act for confirming a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, relating to the Pilotage of the River Tyne.

45. An Act to provide for the Collection by means of Stamps of Fees payable in the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, and in the Offices belonging thereto.

46. An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

47. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

48. An Act to supply Means towards defraying the Expenses of providing Courts of Justice and the various Offices belonging thereto; and for other Purposes.

49. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire a Site for the Erection and Concentration of Courts of Justice, and of the various Offices belonging to the same.

50. An Act for regulating the keeping of Dogs, and for the Protection of Sheep and other Property from Dogs, in Ireland.

51. An Act to enable the Admiralty to contract for certain Works in connexion with the Extension of Her Majesty's Dockyards.

52. An Act to amend "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Acts (Ireland)," and to afford further Facilities for the Purposes thereof.

53. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands {Ireland) Act, 1863," and the Act amending the same.

54. An Act to alter the Days between which Pheasants may not be killed in Ireland.

55. An Act to empower the University of Oxford to make Statutes as to the Vinerian Foundation in that University.

56. An Act to provide for the better Prevention of Trespass in Scotland.

57. An Act to amend certain Provisions in "The Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1858."

58. An Act for confirming, with Amendments, certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Carrickfergus, Hastings, Maldon, Northam, and Shanklin.

59. An Act for confirming, with Amendments, a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under "The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862," relating to the Pilotage of the Port of Sunderland.

60. An Act to render Owners of Dogs in England and Wales liable for Injuries to Cattle and Sheep.

61. An Act for providing a further Sum towards defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and of creating a Central Arsenal.

62. An Act to provide for the Exemption of Churches and Chapels in Scotland from Poor Rates.

63. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of Colonial Laws.

64. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Validity of certain Marriages contracted in Her Majesty's Possessions abroad.

65. An Act to explain "The Defence Act, 1860."

66. An Act to allow the charging of the Excise Duty on Malt according to the Weight of the Grain used.

67. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Harbour of Kingstown.

68. An Act to enable the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England to grant Superannuation Allowances to Persons employed in their Service.

69. An Act further to amend and render more effectual the Law for providing fit Houses for the Beneficed Clergy, and for other Purposes.

70. An Act to alter the Distribution of the Constabulary Force in Ireland, and to make better Provision for the Police Force in the Borough of Belfast.

71. An Act to amend the Acts for the Establishment of a National Gallery in Dublin.

72. An Act to make better Provision respecting Wills of Seamen and Marines of the Royal Navy and Marines.

73. An Act for regulating the Payment of Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions.

74. An Act to enable Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the War Department to lay down and use a Tramway or temporary Railway across certain public Roads in the County of Devon.

75. An Act for facilitating the more useful Application of Sewage in Great Britain and Ireland.

76. An Act for confirming, with Amendments, certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Girvan9 Mevagissey, and Stornoway.

77. An Act to amend the Act of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Victoria, Chapter Sixty-four, commonly called "The Public House Closing Act, 1864."

78. An Act to enable certain Companies to issue Mortgage Debentures founded on Securities upon or affecting Land, and to make Provision for the Registration of such Mortgage Debentures and Securities.

79. An Act to provide for the better Distribution of the Charge for the Relief of the Poor in Unions.

80. An Act to explain and amend "The Lunatic Asylum Act, 1853," and "The Lunacy Act Amendment Act, 1862," with reference to Counties of Towns which have Courts of Quarter Sessions, but no Recorder.

81. An Act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Chapel of Ease called Saint James-the-Greater Chapel, Eastbury, in the Parish of Lambome in the County of Berks.

82. An Act to amend "The Endowment and Augmentation of Small Benefices (Ireland) Act, 1860."

83. An Act for further regulating the Use of Locomotives on Turnpike and other Roads for agricultural and other Purposes.

84. An Act to amend the Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act, 1860, and to explain the Fifty-second and Seventy-seventh Sections of the said Act

85. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Procurators in Scotland.

86. An Act to amend the Law of Partnership.

87. An Act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster General to acquire a Site for the Extension of the General Post Office in St. Martin's-le-Grand in the City of London.

88. An Act for the recording of Titles to Land in Ireland.

89. An Act to provide for the better Government of Greenwich Hospital, and the more beneficial Application of the Revenues thereof.

90. An Act for the Establishment of a Fire Brigade within the Metropolis.

91. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

92. An Act to shorten the Time for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Ayr District of Burghs.

93. An Act to consolidate the Offices of Comptroller General of the Exchequer and Chairman of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts; and for other Purposes.

94. An Act to amend the Carriers Act.

95. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Duties on Sugar, and the Drawbacks on those Duties.

96. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue.

97. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

98. An Act to allow British Compounded Spirits to be warehoused upon Drawback.

99. An Act to confer on the County Courts a limited Jurisdiction in Equity.

100. An Act to transfer from the Admiralty to the Board of Trade Powers and Duties relative to certain Harbours.

101. An Act for authorizing Transferable Debentures to be charged upon Land in Ireland.

102. An Act to amend an Aot of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, for the Abatement of the Nuisance arising from the Smoke of Furnaces in Scotland, and an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of Her Majesty to amend the said Act.

103. An Act to provide for the Discontinuance of a separate Court of Quarter Sessions and a separate Gaol in the Borough of Falmouth.

104. An Act to amend the Procedure and Practice in Crown Suits in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and for other Purposes.

105. An Act to continue the Poor Law Board for a limited Period.

106. An Act to authorize Loans in aid of the Construction of Docks in British Possessions.

107. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

108. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Nottingham, Rusholme, Plymouth, Redcar, Cardiff, Kingston-upon-Hull, Guildford, Ramsgate, Ryde, Workington, and Oxford, and for other Purposes relative to certain Districts under the said Act,

109. An Act for transferring the Canal to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

110. An Act to confirm a certain Provisional Order under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Hastings District.

111. An Act to regulate the Disposal of Money and Effects under the Control of the Admiralty, belonging to deceased Officers, Seamen, and Marines of the Royal Navy and Marines, and other Persons.

112. An Act to repeal Enactments relating to Powers of the Commissioners of the Admiralty, and to various Matters under the Control of the Admiralty.

113. An Act to authorize the Payment of Retiring Pensions to Colonial Governors.

114. An Act for confirming, with Amendments, certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Eastbourne, Clevedon, Herne Bay, Llandrillo, and Pensam.

115. An Act to amend The Naval Discipline Act, 1864.

116. An Act to explain the Foreign Jurisdiction Act.

117. An Act to regulate the Appointment of a Vicar or Incumbent to the Vicarage of the Parish Church of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster and in the Diocese of Manchester.

118. An Act to continue and amend the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1856.

119. An Act for continuing various expiring Acts.

120. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Preservation and Improvement of Harwich Harbour.

121. An Act to amend "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1861."

122. An Act to amend the Law as to the Subscriptions and Declarations to be made and Oaths to be taken by the Clergy of the Established Church of England and Ireland.

123. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year ending Thirty-first March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

124. An Act for consolidating certain Enactments relating to the Admiralty.

125. An Act for the Regulation of Dockyard Ports.

126. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Prisons.

127. An Act to amend the Law relating to small Penalties.

