Acts passed in 1877, 40 & 41 Victoria c.1 - c.69
From Public General Statutes, 1877
---

1. An Act to apply the sum of Three hundred and fifty thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven.

2. An Act to provide for the preparation, issue, and payment of Treasury Bills, and make further provision respecting Exchequer Bills.

3. An Act to amend the Publicans' Certificates (Scotland) Act, 1876.

4. An Act to amend the Law relating to the granting of Licences for the sale of Beer, Ale, and Porter in Ireland.

5. An Act to raise the sum of Seven hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bills or Exchequer Bonds for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven.

6. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven, and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight.

7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

8. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

9. An Act for amending the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts, 1873 and 1875.

10. An Act to authorise the continuance of the Charge heretofore payable on certain Offices, Annuities, Pensions, and Allowances.

11. An Act to make provision with respect to Judicial proceedings in certain cases relating to Rating.

12. An Act to apply the sum of five million nine hundred thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight.

13. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs, Inland Revenue, and Savings Banks.

14. An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Evidence in certain cases of Misdemeanor.

15. An Act to amend the Public Libraries Act (Ireland), 1855.

16. An Act to facilitate the removal of Wrecks obstructing Navigation.

17. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Division of Courts of Quarter Sessions in Boroughs.

18. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Leases and Sales of Settled Estates.

19. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and authorise those Commissioners to compound a loan and interest, and amend the Public Works Loans Act, 1875.

20. An Act to fix the Salaries of the Members of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and to amend the eleventh section of the Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870.

21. An Act to amend the Law relating to Prisons in England.

22. An Act to amend the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862.

23. An Act to make better provision respecting fortifications, works, buildings, and land situate in a Colony, and held for the defence of the Colony.

24. An Act to apply the sum of twenty million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight.

25. An Act for regulating the Examination of persons applying to be admitted Solicitors of the Supreme Court of Judicature in England, and for otherwise amending the Law relating to Solicitors.

26. An Act to amend the Companies Acts of 1862 and 1867.

27. An Act to grant Money for the purposes of Loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and to remit certain Loans, and to amend the Law relating to Loans for public purposes by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

28. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Game in Scotland.

29. An Act for the protection of the Property of Married Women in Scotland.

30. An Act for enabling a further Sum to be raised for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, 1868 to 1870.

31. An Act to give further facilities to Landowners of limited interests in England and Wales and Ireland to charge their estates with the expenses of constructing Reservoirs for the storage of Water, and other similar purposes.

32. An Act to remit certain Loans formerly made out of the Consolidated Fund or other Public Revenue of the United Kingdom.

33. An Act to amend the Law as to Contingent Remainders.

34. An Act to amend the Acts seventeenth and eighteenth Victoria, chapter one hundred and thirteen, and thirtieth and thirty-first Victoria, chapter sixty-nine.

35. An Act for affording facilities for the enjoyment by the Public of Open Spaces in the Metropolis.

36. An Act to amend "The Registration of Leases (Scotland) Act, 1857."

37. An Act for extending the Time for the Registration of Trade Marks, in so far as relates to Trade Marks used in Textile Industries.

38. An Act to continue for One Year the Board of Education in Scotland.

39. An Act to amend the Factors' Acts.

40. An Act to amend the Form of Warrant of Execution on certain Extracts of Writs registered in the Books of Council and Session and Sheriff Court Books in Scotland; and to provide for the Authentication of certain Extracts of Writs.

41. An Act for making Provision with respect to the Preparation and Authentication of Commissions and other Documents issued from the Office of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery; and for other purposes.

42. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Fisheries of Oysters, Crabs, and Lobsters, and other Sea Fisheries.

43. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Appointment, Payment, and Fees of Clerks of Justices of the Peace and Clerks of Special and Petty Sessions.

44. An Act to make provision respecting the Superannuation Allowance of Officers whose Salaries were formerly payable out of the Mercantile Marine Fund.

45. An Act to limit and regulate the Treasury Chest Fund.

46. An Act to extend the provisions of the Winter Assizes Act, 1876.

47. An Act for the Union under one Government of such of the South African Colonies and States as may agree thereto, and for the Government of such Union; and for purposes connected therewith.

48. An Act to make further Provision respecting the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge and the Colleges therein.

49. An Act to amend the Law relating to Prisons in Ireland.

50. An Act to amend the Law in regard to the appointment of Sheriffs Substitute and Procurators Fiscal in Scotland; to extend the jurisdiction of and amend the procedure in the Sheriff Courts of Scotland; and for certain other purposes connected therewith.

51. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

52. An Act for further amending the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes relating thereto.

53. An Act to amend the Law relating to Prisons in Scotland.

54. An Act to amend the Public Libraries Acts.

55. An Act to amend the Public Record Office Act, 1838.

56. An Act to amend the Laws relating to County Officers and to Courts of Quarter Sessions and Civil Bill Courts in Ireland.

57. An Act for the constitution of a Supreme Court of Judicature, and for other purposes relating to the better Administration of Justice, in Ireland.

58. An Act to continue for one year the Police (Expenses) Act, 1875.

59. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the transfer of Stock forming part of the Public Debt of any Colony, and the Stamp Duty on such Transfer.

60. An Act to provide for the Registration and Regulation of Canal Boats used as Dwellings.

61. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

62. An Act to amend the Law relating to Legal Practitioners.

63. An Act to amend the Building Societies Act, 1874.

64. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

65. An Act to prohibit the use of Dynamite or other Explosives for the purpose of catching or destroying Fish in Public Fisheries.

66. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Annual Returns of Local Taxation in England, and for other purposes relating to such Taxation.

67. An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

68. An Act for preventing the introduction and spreading of Insects destructive to Crops.

69. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Grant of Municipal Charters.

