Acts passed in 1880, 43 & 44 Victoria c.1 - c.48.
From Public General Statutes, 1880.
---

1. An Act to appoint Public Works Loan Commissioners; to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners and tho Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland; and for other purposes relating to Loans by those Commissioners.

2. An Act to amend the Glebe Loan Acts (Ireland).

3. An Act to apply the sum of Four million nine hundred and twenty-five thousand three hundred and twenty pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one.

4. An Act to provide for the appointment of Judicial Factors in Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

5. An Act to make provision for borrowing in respect of certain County Bridges.

6. An Act to amend the Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868.

7. An Act to extend the Union Assessment Committee Acts to single parishes under separate Boards of Guardians.

8. An Act to provide for the raising of Loans on behalf of the Isle of Man.

9. An Act to remove doubts as to the meaning of Expressions relative to Time occurring in Acts of Parliament, deeds, and other legal instruments.

10. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Manner of passing Grants under the Great Seal, and respecting Officers connected therewith.

11. An Act to authorise the Extension and further Limitation of the Tenures of certain University and College Emoluments limited or to be limited by Orders of the Oxford and Cambridge Commissioners.

12. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

13. An Act to amend the Law in Ireland relating to the Registration of Births and Deaths.

14. An Act to amend the Relief of Distress (Ireland) Act, 1880; and for other purposes relating thereto.

15. An Act further to amend the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, and the Industrial Schools Act (Ireland), 1868.

16. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Payment of Wages and Rating of Merchant Seamen.

17. An Act to make provision for Holidays in the Customs and Inland Revenue Offices in Scotland.

18. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

19. An Act to consolidate Enactments relating to certain Taxes and Duties under the management of the Board of Inland Revenue.

20. An Act to repeal the duties on Malt, to grant and alter certain duties of land Revenue, and to amend the Laws in relation to certain other duties. 119

21. An Act to raise the sum of One million five hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds, Exchequer Bills, or Treasury Bills, for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one.

22. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, so far as regards certain Fees and Expenses and Sums receivable and payable by the Board of Trade.

23. An Act to make further provision as to Byelaws respecting the attendance of Children at School under the Elementary Education Acts.

24. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to the Manufacture and Sale of Spirits.

25. An Act for further amending the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes relating thereto.

26. An Act to extend to Scotland the Facilities for effecting Policies of Assurance for the Benefit of Married Women and Children now in force in England and Ireland.

27. An Act to amend the Law relating to the powers of Drainage Boards in Ireland to construct Works outside the limits of their Districts.

28. An Act for taking the Census in Ireland.

29. An Act to amend the Courts of Justice Building Act, 1865.

30. An Act to apply the sum of Ten million eight hundred and eighteen thousand two hundred and seventy-four pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one.

31. An Act to amend the Railways Construction Facilities Act, 1864.

32. An Act to render valid certain Orders in Bastardy.

33. An Act relating to Post Office Money Orders.

34. An Act to abolish Imprisonment for Debt, and to provide for the better Punishment of Fraudulent Debtors in Scotland; and for other purposes.

35. An Act to amend tne Laws relating to the Protection of Wild Birds.

36. An Act to amend the Savings Banks Acts.

37. An Act for taking the Census of England.

38. An Act for taking the Census of Scotland.

39. An Act to confer jurisdiction in Lunacy upon the County Courts in Ireland in certain cases.

40. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

41. An Act to amend the Burial Laws.

42. An Act to extend and regulate the Liability of Employers to make Compensation for Personal Injuries suffered by Workmen in their service.

43. An Act to provide for the safe carriage of Grain Cargoes by Merchant Shipping.

44. An Act to explain and amend Sections Seven, Thirteen, and Fourteen the Relief of Distress (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1880.

45. An Act to amend the Criminal Law as to Indecent Assaults on Young Persons.

46. An Act to amend the Universities and College Estates Act, 1858.

47. An Act for the better protection of Occupiers of Land against injury to their Crops from Ground Game.

48. An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

