Local Acts passed in 1797-8, 38 George 3 c.1 - c.72.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 17.
---

1. AN Act to amend two Acts made in the thirty-first and thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

2. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Several Acts, one passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Tadcaster to Halton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

3. An act for extending the Time limited for determining a Lottery, established under the Authority of an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Collection of Modem Paintings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet-Street, by Way of Chance.

4. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one made and passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harewood, to the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two Branches (one through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresbrough and Borough-bridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the first Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresborough) to Boroughbridge.

5. An act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond’s Eau and Somersham Bridge; and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives; and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through Needingworth, to Earith, in the County of Huntingdon.

6. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and amending the Powers of two Acts respectively made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Penrith to Chalk Beck, with a Branch from the said Road, upon Castlesowerby Pasture, to Caldbeck, all in the County of Cumberland.

7. An act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmstone to Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Ubley's Farm, in the Parish of Hurstperpoint, to the Marle Pit opposite to Newtimber Broad Lane, in the said County.

8. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Combe Bridge, through Winsley and Bradford to Staverton, and the Road from Bradford Bridge to Cockhill Gate, and the Road from the Bottom of Mason's Lane, near the Town of Bradford, all in the County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the County of Somerset, and a!so several other Roads leading from or near the said Roads, in the said County of Wilts, and for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon, at Stokeford, in the same County.

9. An act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Dumfries, to continue in force until the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money; and applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the said County.

10. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Ring George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge; and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bisley, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill, the County of Gloucester.

11. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpsall, to the Town of Rochdale; and also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called Besses of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called Besses of the Barn to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the Township of Prestwich; all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

12. An act for enlarging for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester.

13. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of two Acts made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the Iop of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frog Mill, through the Towns of Northleach, Buford, and Witney, and Parishes of Handborough and Bladon, to Campsfeld in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Campsfeld, to the Turnpike Road at or near Enslow Bridge, in the said County of Oxford.

14. An act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, at Newhaven, in the County of Sussex.

15. An act for enlarging the Powers of the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh.

16. An act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town and Port of Hythe, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

17. An act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose of continuing a Manufactory of Plate Glass, originally established under an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which is now expired.

18. An act to vary the Line of the Kennet and Avon Canal authorized to be made by two Acts passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to extend the Powers of, and to amend the said Acts.

19. An act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-eighth. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith.

20. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth and thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, by Muirkirk, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and other Roads communicating therewith; and the Road from the Village of Gorbals, and New Bridge of Glasgow, by the Chapel of Cambuslang, till it joins the Road from Hamilton by Burnbank towards Eaglesham in the County of Renfrew; and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Dalmarnock or Farme Ford.

21. An act for making and maintaining a Road from.near Dinwoodie Green, in the County of Dumfries, to or near Elvanfoot, in the County of Lanark.

22. An act to continue for twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Whistle Bridge in the Parish of Barwick, in the County of Somerset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Charminster, in the County of Dorset; from the Cross in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the County of Dorset; from Furze Moor Gate, in the Parish of Broadwinsor, to Lenham's Water, in the Parish of Beaminster; from Bugler's Corner, in the Town of Beaminster, to the Dorsetshire Inn, in the Parish of Woolcombe; and from the Town of Frampton, to the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset.

23. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates to the Road from Huddersfield to Penistone.

24. An act for more effectually repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth.

25. An act for making a new Road or Street from Freeschool Street, Southwark, to Dockhead, and from thence through Hickman's Court, otherwise Rose Court, to Lilliput Hall Bridge in Bermondsey; and for enlarging, for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Terms and Powers of three Acts, passed in the twenty-second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventh and thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the same, and other Roads adjoining.

26. An act for the better paving, lighting, and cleansing o( the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, in the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham; and for removing the Market for Butchers Meat in the said Town; and for regulating the said Market; and for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Acte for the Pavinge of Newarke upon Trent, in the Countie of Nottingham.

27. An act to continue for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, two Acts, severally passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Harnham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, to an Intrenchment on Askerwell Hill, in the County of Dorset; and from the Index Post on the Side of Harnham Hill aforesaid, to a House called Master Baker's Farm House, in the County of Wilts.

28. An act for continuing for twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.

29. An act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, or Canal and Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the Newcastle-under-Lyme Canal to the Canal of Sir Nigel Bowyer Gresley Baronet, near the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme, and also another Branch of Canal, or Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the said last-mentioned Canal, at or near Apedale, to certain Coal and other Works, all in the County of Stafford.

30. An act for extending the Neath Canal Navigation, and for amending an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

31. An act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester.

32. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation, from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for that Purpose, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the said Company further and other Powers.

33. An act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into between Beilby Lord Bishop of London, Thomas Wood Esquire, Sir John Frederick Baronet, and Arthur Stanhope Esquire, Sir John Morshead Baronet, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Robert Thistlethwayte Esquire, and Selina his Wife, and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

34. An act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London; and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish.

35. An act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of Bristol, and County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard and Parsonage House, within the new Parish.

36. An act for altering the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the County of Lanerk, and certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned therein.

37. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid.

38. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish of Winterslow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Anne’s Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, and from Landford aforesaid, through Ower and Testwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton; and the other passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Romsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to Lyndhurst, and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton, and for repairing the Footways within the said City.

39. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York.

40. An act for continuing for twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Dudley Hill, through Beckwithshaw, to Killinghall, and from Beckwithshaw to the South-west Corner of Harrogate inclosures, in the County of York.

41. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Bradford, through Adwalton, to Wakefield, in the County of York.

42. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywood, in the Parish of Bury, to a Place called The Land's End, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

43. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, the other in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as the same relate to the Abingdon District of the said Roads therein mentioned.

44. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts of the second and twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Colley Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

45. An act for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-eighth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, and of the fourth and twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh; and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and North Esk, and the Water of Leith, in the said County.

46. An act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of Wincanton, in the County of Somerset; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

47. An act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dunn Navigation Cut, at or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln; and also a Collatera Cut from the said Canal, to join the said River Dunn, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding.

48. An act for repairing the Roads from the Stone Pillar upon Alconbury Hill, to Wansford Bridge; and from Norman Cross to the South End of Peterborough Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon; and for repealing certain Acts relating thereto.

49. An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and amend the Powers, of three Acts passed in the twenty-second and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stanford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforesaid to the Market Cross in the Town of Bourn, in the said County of Lincoln, and from the North End of Stamford Bridge to Scotgate, both in Stamford aforesaid.

50. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the eighteen Mile Stone, beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborne Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Lane in Kilmington, and from Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate, on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset; and also for altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads communicating therewith.

51. An act for more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Burnley, in the said County.

52. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Doncaster to the Turnpike Road which leads from Bawtry to Retford, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, and for amending the said Act.

53. An act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Maypole in the Town of Henfield, over Poynings Common, to the Town of Brighthelmstone, and from Poynings Common aforesaid to High Cross, in the Parish of Albourne, and from thence for the Distance of two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, and from the Marle Pit near the Bottom of Saddlescomb Hill, in the Parish of Newtimber, to the Marle Pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, unto Herring's Clappers, in the Parish of Twineham, in the said County.

54. An act for further continuing for thirty-eight Years the Term granted by an Act of the twenty-fifth. Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, and Places adjacent, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending the said Act.

55. An act for amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread,' so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

56. An act for continuing until the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex.

57. An act for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Light-houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

58. An act for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Session, and also a Special Session, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, and the Avenues leading into the same; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

60. An act for making and maintaining a new Sewer, upon Little Tower Hill, within the County of Middlesex.

61. An act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphan's Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes.

62. An act for authorizing the Trustees therein named, to raise Money by Rates or Assessments, within the Parish of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, for the better and more effectually discharging Annuities, heretofore granted to certain Persons who have advanced Money towards repairing the Church belonging to the said Parish.

63. An act for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes, Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Territories, of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Grovehill, Sandholme, Storkhill, Molescroft, Leckonfield, Arram, Scorbrough, Lockington, Ayke, Beswick, Wilsholme, Kilnwick, Watton, Hutton-Cranswick, Rotsen, Featherholme, Skerne, Brigham,Fishholme, Nasserton, Lowthorpe, Harpham, Little Kelk, Foston, Burton-Agnes, Gransmoor, Lisset, Barmston, Ulram otherwise Owram, Skipsea, Dringhoe, Beeford, North Frodingham, Brandes-Burton, Moor-Town, Leven, Emmotland, Hempholme, Goodhill House, and Struncheon Hill, all in the East Riding of the County of York.

64. An act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for making a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from West End to Botley, in the County of Southampton.

65. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of two several Acts, the one pass in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other 'in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pondy and from the Top of Hinkfev Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as the same relate to the Oxford District of the said Roads therein mentioned.

66. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to the Churchway in Lower Stanton Field, in the County of Wilts, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton aforesaid; and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackament's Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester; and also the Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at Acton Turville; and also from Sherstone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath; and for making, maintaining, widening, and improving several other Roads communicating therewith.

67. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and rendering more effectual, several Acts for repairing the Road from the Golden Farmer near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge Hill, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to Basingstoke and Qdiham, both in the said County of Southampton; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Southern Extremity of Northwarnborough Lane near Odiham aforesaid, over Northwarnborough Common, Hook Common, and Bartley Heath, and through the Parishes of Rotherwicke, Mattingley, and Heckfield, to a Place called the Bull Inn in the Parish of Swallowfield, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke aforesaid.

68. An act for the better Government and Regulation of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

69. An act for separating the two Parishes, called The Out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, and The Parish of Saint George, in the County of Gloucester, as to the Maintenance of the Poor and the Repairs of the Highways of those Parishes, and as to ail Rates, Assessments, and Taxes, except the Land Tax; and for providing a Work-house for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint George; and for the better Relief and Management of the Poor of both Parishes.

70. An act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Fen Grounds lying in the Parishes of Outwell, Stow Bardolph, Wimbotsham, and Dounham, in the County of Norfolk.

71. An act for more effectually widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Crossford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

72. An act for the better Security and Defence of the Town and Port of Liverpool.
