Local Acts passed in 1798-9, 39 George 3 c.1 - c.83.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 18.
---

1. An act to enable Thomas Coutts Esquire, Banker, to make a Communication between his Buildings on the opposite Sides of William-Street, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, by a covered Passage to be built over the said Street. Page 218.

2. An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Pier of Margate in the Isle of Thanet in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act.

3. An act for making and maintaining the Road from or near Whiteburn in the County of Berwick, to the Town of Kelso in the County of Roxburgh, to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

4. An act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, Fleet-Street, in the City of London.

5. An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, passed in the ninth, fifteenth, twenty-sixth, and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

6. An act to enable the Lords of the Manor of Brixham, in the County of Devon, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild, the Pier or Quay at Brixham Quay, within the said Manor, to improve the Harbour there, to regulate the Moorings of Vessels therein, and to establish a Marker there.

7. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, Intermixed Pastures, Open Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Norfolk, and such Part of the Open Fields, called Upton Field and Fishley Crofts as lie in the Parish of Fishley, in the said County, and for draining the same.

8. An act for rendering more effectual an act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An act for making and keeping in Repair a Road or Passage for Horses, on the Banks of the River Severn, between Bewdley Bridge and a Place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrook Dale, for baling and drawing Vessels along the said River; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

9. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one made and passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knaresbrough, in the County of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldsbrough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer, and Scate Moor, to Greenhammerton, in the same County, and for making the same a High Carriage Road.

10. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Terms and altering and enlarging the Powers, of three several Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge.

11. An act to continue for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, to The Globe Inn in Alcester, in the County of Warwick.

12. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Nottingham and Derby, so far as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post in the Parish of Lenton to Sawley Ferry.

13. An act to continue, for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and for altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of Hertford.

14. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and increasing, altering, and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby in the County of Derby.

15. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending; widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Much Wenlock and from Gleeton Hill to Cressage, in the County of Salop.

16. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Birches Brook to Buildwas Bridge, and from thence to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road at Tern Bridge in the County of Salop, so far as relates to the last mentioned Road.

17. An act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to amend the Powers, of an act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to Bishop's Waltham, and from Wickham aforesaid to Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, all in the County of Southampton.

18. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Watton to Broadwater, and from the Town of Ware, through Watton, to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the said County.

19. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, the sixth and twenty-sixth Years of His late Majesty, and in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

20. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lydeway, in the County of Wilts.

21. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of three several Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

22. An act for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

23. An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening, Roads from thence into the Great Roads at Snaresbrooke in the County of Essex, and at Clapton in the County of Middlesex.

24. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the third and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster.

25. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York, and from Oldham to Ashton-under-Lyne, and from Oldham to the Village of Royton, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

26. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham.

27. An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to Loch Crinan in the Shire of Argyll.

28. An act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, from or near Cressage, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Shore; and for making proper Roads or Avenues to and from the same.

29. An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Rowers, of two Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and to the Top of Lythwood Hill, and from Pulley Common to the Maypole in Condover; and from Coleham Bridge to Longdon, and from the Fifth Milestone near Longdon, to the Turnpike Gate at Castle Pulverbatch, in the County of Salop.

30. An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Brown's-Lane, in Great Stoughton in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Post near Wellingborough Bridge in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton to the Way Post near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon.

31. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, for repairing the Road from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and certain other Roads in the County of Sussex.

32. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newark-upon-Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide Post on the Foss Road near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham.

33. An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to alter, enlarge, and repeal some of the Provisions of two Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads from an Intrenchment on Askerwell Hill, through Bridport to Penn Inn, from Bridport to Beaminster, from the North End of the South Street of Bridport to Bridport Harbour, from. the North Turnpike Gate at Beaminster to Beaminster Wood, otherwise Wood Common, and to Lettham's Water, all in the County of Dorset.

34. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapden Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to Alfold Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to New Bridge, in the County of Sussex.

35. An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers, of an act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gander-Lane in the County of Derby, to Sheffield in the County of York, and from Mosbrough-Green to Clown, both in the said County of Derby.

36. An act for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Township of Bootle, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

37. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon, in the County of Berks.

38. An act for altering, enlarging, and repealing some of the Provisions in an act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, and other Roads adjoining thereto, in the County of Somerset; and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to a Road from Tucker's Gate, in the Parish of Lyng, to Piper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the said County of Somerset.

39. An act for continuing for thirty-eight Years, and rendering more effectual several Acts for charging a Duty of two Pennies Scots (or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling) on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and Privileges thereof.

40. An act for continuing for thirty-eight Years, and rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and Village of Gorbals, and Liberties and Privileges thereof.

41. An act for better regulating and employing the Poor, and for more effectually watching the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County.

42. An act for the better and more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk.

43. An act for more effectually repairing and amending the Road leading from Long Horseley Bar or Gate, on the Post Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Piercy's Cross, in the County of Northumberland, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

44. An act to amend two Acts made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith.

45. An act for explaining and amending two Acts, passed in the thirty-first and thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned.

46. An act for making and repairing the Road from Dunkeld to Coupar of Angus, by the Bridge of Isla, and the Road leading out of the Road between Dunkeld and Perth to the Boat at Caputh, by or through the Village of Stanley in the County of Perth, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

47. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for repairing and widening the Road, branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempston, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham.

48. An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melksham, through Googe's Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, and West Yatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Coombe, in the Parish of Castle Coombe, in the County of Wilts.

49. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road at or near Beckhampton, and from the North Side of Swindon to the Carpenter's Arms in Blunsden, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts.

50. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and amending the Powers, of three several Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon.

51. An act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to the Church Lane, near, Ryton Lane Head, and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Dilston Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and also several other Roads therein described, lying within the said Counties.

52. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Skipton in the County of York, to Clitheroe in the County of Lancaster.

53. An act for building a Bridge over the River Tweed, at or near the Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh.

54. An act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable John Lord Rolle in Trustees, to sell or exchange the same, and purchase, or take in Exchange, other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

55. An act for vesting certain Estates in Tokenhouse Yard, in the City of London, in the Trustees of the other Settled Estates of the Marquis of Lansdown and the Right Honourable John Henry Petty, commonly called Earl of Wycombe, in Trust to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from the Sale in the Manner therein directed; and for empowering the said Trustees of the said Settled Estates to apply the Monies arising from the Sale of any Part thereof in the Manner therein directed; and for discharging the said Settled Estates from a Rent Charge of five hundred Pounds given to James Petty Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, by the Will of Henry formerly Earl of Shelburne, deceased.

56. An act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Simon Payne Esquire, and Hester his Wife, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of their unsettled Estates, in the County of Somerset.

57. An act for dividing, allotiing, and inclosing, a certain Tract or Parcel of Common, Waste, and Marsh Grounds, called Thornton Marsh, within the several Parishes of Poulton and Bispham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

58. An act for regulating the Rates of Porterage to be taken by Innkeepers and other Persons within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark and Places adjacent.

59. An act to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, relating to the Harbour of Liverpool; and for making two additional Wet Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool; and for rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and Docks.

60. An act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation to vary the Course of certain Parts of the said Canal, directed to be made by an act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to make a Branch out of the said Canal, and also to vary the Course of a navigable Cut directed to be made from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick, by another Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts.

61. An act for paving the Footways, and for cleaning, lighting, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, and other Publick Passages and Places, within the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, therein.

62. An act for continuing, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three Acts, passed in the first, ninth, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent.

63. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from The Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads communicating with, or lying near to, the said Road; and for making and maintaining certain Pieces of New Road in Trowbridge aforesaid.

64. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road from Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmslow, in the County of Chester.

65. An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, called Poole Gate; and for repealing two Acts of Parliament, of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth Years of His late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain Street or Way within the said Town and County.

66. An act to empower the Right Honourable Henry Earl Fauconberg to charge his Settled Estates in the Counties of York and Chester with the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, in lieu of the Right of him the said Henry Earl Fauconberg, and the other Tenants for Life of the said Estates, to cut down Timber growing thereon; and to grant Building Leases of such Parts of the said Settled Estates as are near, or adjoining to, the Town of Macclesfield, in the said County of Chester; and for vesting the Manor and other Hereditaments of and in Sutton in the Forest, in the said County of York, other Part of the said Settled Estates, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and, out of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, to discharge the Incumbrances on the said Settled Estates.

67. An act for more easily effectuating the Sale of Part of the Freehold Estates late of James Duberly Esquire, deceased, and for applying the clear Monies to arise therefrom upon the Trusts of the Marriage Settlements of his five Daughters.

68. An act for vesting the Fee Simple of several Estates in the County of Chester, (devised by the Will of Philip Egerton Esquire, deceased, to a Trustee for a Term of Years, for the Purpose of discharging his Debts, with Remainder to the Uses therein mentioned,) in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the said Debts, and to lay out the Surplus (if any) of the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses.

69. An act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London.

70. An act for enabling the Grimsby Haven Company to finish and complete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending an act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving, the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln.

71. An act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation to repay, into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum advanced to them for the Purpose of completing the said Navigation; for repealing so much of an Act, of the twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the said Company; add for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum so to be received to the Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal, on certain Conditions.

72. An act for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to the new Chapel of Cradley, in that Part of the Parish of Halesowen which lies in the County and Diocese of Worcester, and for other Purposes.

73. An act for making and maintaining a Tunnel, or Road, under the River Thames, from or near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex.

74. An act for making a new Street from the Haymarket into Charles Street, St. James's Square, within the City and Liberty of Westminster.

75. An act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cheadle, through Alveton, to the Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near Quickshill Bank; and also the Road leading from the Stone and Uttoxeter Turnpike Road, at Bear's Brook, through Hollington, to the said Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near the Churnet Bridge at Rocester, in the County of Stafford, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

76. An act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of an act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Althall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks.

77. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of three Acts, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County.

78. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York.

79. An act for enabling William Stephen Poyntz Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Mary his Wife, to charge the Estates late of the Right Honourable George Samuel Lord Viscount Montague deceased, in the County of Sussex, with a competent Sum of Money for improving the same, and for other Purposes.

80. An act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between the late Honourable Penn Asheton Curzon deceased, and the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Ribblesdale, (then Thomas Lister Esquire,) of the Rectory of Whalley, and of the Chapels, Glebe Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Tythes, Obventions, Profits, and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now held under a Lease from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and for that Purpose to enable the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, at all Times hereafter, to grant the said Rectory and Premises by two several Leases, according to the said Partition and Division.

81. An act for vesting a Piece of Ground and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint Mary Woolnoth, in the City of London, belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary le Bow, in Abraham Robarts, William Curtis, Ellis Were, and Charles Hornyold, of the said City of London, Bankers and Copartners, in Fee Simple, upon Payment of the Sum of one thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, upon Trust, to be applied in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Support of a Lecturer, and for better regulating the Appointment of the said Lecturer.

82. An act to amend an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Jurisdiction, of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transacting the other Publick Business of the said City and Liberty.

83. An act for enabling His Majesty to incorporate, by Charter, a Company to be called The Globe Insurance Company, for Insurance on Lives, and against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

