Local acts, passed in 1799-1800, 39 & 40 George 3, c.1 - c.120.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, vol. 18.
---

1. An act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the several Parishes of Maney, Upwell, Welney, Downham, Witcham, and in a certain extra-parochial Place in Byal Fen, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge.

2. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the said County.

3. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Roads from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Narborough; and from the said Borough of Leicester to the Town of Earl Shilton; and from the said Town of Earl Shilton to the Town of Hinckley, in the said County.

4. An act for continuing for a further Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of two Acts, one made in the twelfth, and the other in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; and also for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Great Yarmouth; and for altering and enlarging the Powers thereof, so far as the same relate to the said Haven and Piers.

5. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parishes of Cantley and Hassingham, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the same, and also certain Marsh Lands within the said Parishes.

6. An act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, one made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon to Galkin Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County.

7. An act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from the Town of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset.

8. An act for increasing the Tolls authorized to be taken on the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to the Market House in Tunbridge Town, by an act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the County of Kent, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid.

9. An act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers, of two Acts made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex.

10. An act for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the the Port of Kingson-upon-Hull; and for ascertaining the Salvage for Anchors, Cables, and other Ships Materials, found in the River Humber; and for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Ballast Lighters employed at the said Port.

11. An act for opening and making two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen.

12. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Summerrods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alston, in the County of Cumberland.

13. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough in the County of Lancaster.

14. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Glenwhelt, through Haltwhistle, Hexham, and Corbridge, to the Military Road near Shildon Bar; and for making and repairing a Branch Road from Corbridge aforesaid, to Heddon-on-the-Wall, all in the County of Northumberland.

15. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge foot in the Town of Chepstow in the County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

16. An act for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in Witney to the Turnpike Road on Swerford Heath, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Woodstock to Birmingham, through Charlbury, to the Turnpike Road from Chipping Norton to Burford, all in the County of Oxford.

17. An act for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Stonehaven, through the Slug-mount, to the new Bridge over the River Dee at Cobleheugh, in the County of Kincardine.

18. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the West Riding of the County of York.

19. An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair several Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, so far as the same relates to the Road from Haslingden to Todmorden, being the second District of the said Roads; and for making and maintaining a Branch therefrom at or near a Place called Fearns in Wolfenden Booth, to Edge Side in the same Booth and another Branch therefrom at or near a Place called Robert’s Mill in Bacup Booth, into the Rochdale Turnpike Road in the Parish of Spotland, all in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

20. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Alemouth, through Alnwick and Rothbury, to Hexham, and a Branch from the said Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey’s Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland.

21. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Ludham, in the County of Norfolk.

22. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the Town of Kirbey in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the Town of Shap, to Emont Bridge, in the said County of Westmorland.

23. An act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Thames, near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a Place called Nichoson’s Ship-Yard, in the Parish of Frindsbury, in the said County; and also a certain Collateral Cut, from White Wall in the said Parish, to the said River Medway.

24. An act for amending the several Acts passed for making, extending, finishing, and completing the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation; and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers.

25. An act for lighting the Streets and Lanes of the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Quays and Wharfs belonging to the said Borough, and that Part of the Bridge over the River Tweed, which lies within the Liberties of the said Borough, and also the Street of Castle-gate, within the said Borough or the Liberties thereof; and for paving the Foot-paths of the Streets of the said Borough and of Castle-gate aforesaid; and for preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

26. An act to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely and County of Norfolk, lying between The Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hard Lands of Mepall, Wicham, Wentworth, Wichford, Ely, Downham, and Littleport; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands.

27. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers' of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Swan Inn at Leatherhead, to the May Pole at the upper End of Spital or Somerset-Street, in the Parish of Stoke near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey.

28. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill to the Turnpike Road at The Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned.

29. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second and ths twentieth-Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge, in the County of York.

30. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing an Act, made in the thirty second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road.

31. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and altering the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lo far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge in the County of Flint.

32. An act for repealing an act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen; and for the more effectually amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and other Roads in the said County, and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County.

33. An act for draining, improving, and preserving the Low Lands and Grounds within the Townships of Croston, Mawdesley, Rufford, Bispham, Tarleton, and Bretherton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

34. An act for enlarging the Powers of so much of two Acts made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof, towards Glammis, as far as the Confines of the said County.

35. An act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John Hampstead the County of Middlesex.

36. An act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

37. An act to enable the Dearne and Dove Canal Company to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of an act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts; and for encreasing the Tolls thereby granted.

38. An act for altering and amending an act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Peak Forest Canal; and for granting to the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal further and other Powers.

39. An act for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal; and for amending the Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal.

40. An act for amending and making more effectual an act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for embanking, draining, and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Benwick, Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuyden's, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey; so far as the said Act relates to embanking the Lands therein described, called by the Name of The Upper District or Division.

41. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, at a Place called The Wich Tree, in the Parish of Llansamlett, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Llangefelach, in the County of Glamorgan; for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge, and also for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brock, near a Place called Aberdwyberthy, in the Parish of Saint Johns, near Swansea, to the said intended Bridge.

42. An act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution two several Acts, passed in the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans' Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for explaining and amending the said Acts.

43. An act for making and maintaining a Road from, or from near, Lightpill Gate, on the Road leading from Bath to Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, to join the Turnpike Road from Painswick to Cheltenham, at or near to Birdlip, in the Parishes of Brimpsfield and Cowley, or one of them, all in the County of Gloucester.

44. An act for shutting up and discontinuing certain Roads and Foot Paths, leading through the Grounds of Sir Richard Brooke Baronet, in the Townships of Norton and Halton, in the Parish of Runcorn, and County Palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining other Roads instead thereof.

45. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthorpe, to Ashborne, and from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor, to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le-Frith, at or near Longston, in the County of Derby, and from Selfton to Annesley Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham.

46. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from a Place called The Stone Pillar or Cross Hand, in the Parish of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to or near to a Bridge called Knox Bridge, in the Parish of Westerleigh, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties of Wilts and Gloucester.

47. An act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London.

48. An act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Aldbourne in the County of Wilts; and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish.

49. An act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Publick Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bedford.

50. An act for enclosing and embellishing the Centre of an Area of a certain Square, intended to be called Russell Square, purposed to be made in the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for forming and making the same into a Pleasure Ground, and fur continuing and keeping the same in Repair.

51. An act for the repairing the Parish Church of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex.

52. An act for explaining, amending, and continuing an act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the Shire of Argyll.

53. An act for repealing so much of an act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the Removal and Rebuilding of the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol of the City of New Sarum, and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the said City, as requires the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of New Sarum to build a new Gaol within the said City, or the Suburbs or Precincts thereof; and for authorizing the Commitment of Felons and other Persons within the Limits of the said City and the Close thereof, to the Gaol of the County of Wilts; and for explaining and amending the said Act.

54. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County.

55. An act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Leicester Navigation to Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to complete their Navigation, and to discharge the Debts contracted by them in the making thereof; and for amending the Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation.

56. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Oakham Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and also for altering and amending an act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

57. An act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to complete the same.

58. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Marsh Meadow, and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Forebridge, and in the Parish of Castle Church, in the County of Stafford, and for embanking and draining Part of the said Common Fields, Marsh Meadow, and Waste Lands, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Castle Church, and in the adjoining Parishes, Townships, and Places of Sow Saint Thomas, otherwise Saint Thomas upon Sow, Coton, Berkswich, and Saint Mary in Stafford, in the said County of Stafford.

59. An act for building a new Bridge over the River Chelmer, or Blackwater, at Fullbridge, in the Town of Maldon, in the County of Essex.

60. An act for establishing and well governing the Charitable Institution commonly called The Asylum, or House of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found, and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto; and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs.

61. An act for repealing two Acts, one made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also, for repealing so much of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Post in Widcombe Moor, through Street Ash Lane, to Chard, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Roads.

62. An act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act, passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Elsdon high Cross, near the Town of Elsdon, in the County of Northumberland, to the Red Swyre, upon the Mid Border between England and Scotland.

63. An act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borrowstounness, by the West of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torpichen, Bathgate, and Whiteburn, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhouseburn.

64. An act to continue for twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Newport aforesaid to the Village or Place called Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the County of Stafford, being the third District of the said Roads.

65. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads therein mentioned, leading from the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford.

66. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein-mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint.

67. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed for amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks.

68. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening the Roads leading from the Ryeway, in the Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to Presteigne, in the County of Radnor, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Radnor, and in the Counties Hereford and Salop.

69. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Warminster in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned.

70. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repaying and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Northampton and Lincoln.

71. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, to the federal Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively.

72. An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there.

73. An act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of the Common Highway from Wigan to Golborn and Warrington, near the Northerly End of the Southerly Platt Bridge in Ince in Mackerfield, by Ramferlong, into the Turnpike Road from Wigan to Ashton, in Ashton in Mackerfield, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

74. An act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the South End of the Moor Lane, in the Township of Great Bolton, into the Turnpike Road from Manchester to Wigan, near Westhoughton Chapel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

75. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to such of the Roads from Tetbury, and other Places in the County of Gloucester as are comprized in the said last mentioned Act, and for amending and repairing certain other Roads in and through the Parish of Horsley, and near Tetbury aforesaid, in the said County of Gloucester.

76. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an act passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from the nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone, and also the Roads to or near Berkeley, Dursley, Wotton-under-Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and several other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, except so far as the said Act relates to the Roads to or near Sodbury aforesaid.

77. An act to empower the Guardians of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, an infant, to grant Leases of certain Parts of his Estates in the County of Nottingham.

78. An act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Michael Hicks Esquire, in the Counties of Essex, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Gloucester, and in London, in Trustees for carrying into Execution certain Agreements for Sale of Parts thereof, and to sell the other Parts thereof, and to apply the Money arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates in the said County of Gloucester, to be settled to the same Uses.

79. An act for vesting the Estates of Penyston Portlock Powney Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Surplus under the Directions of the Court of Chancery in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the Trustees of the Will of the said Penyston Portlock Powney, in lieu thereof.

80. An act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Chichester, and the Right Honourable sames Lord Selsey, and the Honourable John Peachey, of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex.

81. An act for more effectually vesting and facilitating the raising of a Sum of ten thousand Pounds, which, by the Settlement of the Family Estates of the Right Honourable George Augustus Earl of Guilford, was provided for the Portions of his younger Children, in and fen the Benefit of the Honourable Lady Maria North, (the only Child of the said Earl by the Right Honourable Maria Countess of Guilford, his late Wife,) if she shall live to attain the Age of twenty one Years, or to be married.

82. An act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Tristram Huddlestone Jervoise Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

83. An act for investing Part of the Personal Estate of Robert Child Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of an Estate, situate near Osterley Park, in the County of Middlesex, to be settled upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

84. An act for vesting the Settled Estates of Sir Clement Cottrell Dormer, which were devised by the Will of William Phillips Lee Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

85. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Llanfwrog, in the County of Denbigh.

86. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Walton upon Thames, and the Manor of Walton Leigh, in the County of Surrey.

87. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Byfleet and Weybridge, and Manor of Byfleet, with its Members; in the County of Surrey.

88. An act for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjacent Lands; for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, for regulating the Police, and appointing Officers and Watchmen; for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Commissioners; and for raising Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates and Council, and Town and Dean of Guild Courts for the above and other Purposes.

89. An act to empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Grounds contiguous to the Bank of England, and to enable them to improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto.

90. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, two Acts made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South-east by the hard Lands of Isleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level to sell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands; and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards Supporting the Banks thereof.

91. An act for better draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds in the Fourth District of the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; and for amending and rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the said Fourth District.

92. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Waste Lands in the Manor of Worthen, and the Manors or Townships of Aston Pigot and Aston Rogers, in the Parish of Worthen, in the County of Salop, and for draining, and otherwise improving, certain inclosed Lands adjoining or near a certain Rivulet or Brook called The Rea, commencing at or near a certain Piece of Water called Marton Pool, on the Confines of the Parish of Chirbury, and extending through the said Parish of Worthen, to a Bridge across the said River, called Horse Bridge, on the Confines of the Parish of Westbury, in the said County, and sundry Streams or Brooks emptying themselves thereinto.

93. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads therein mentioned.

94. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, as relates to the Road from Parkhouse, to or near the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanark.

95. An act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Hundred House, in the County of Worcester, and also several other Roads therein mentioned. Page 513.

96. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Bridge over a brook or Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester.

97. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester.

98. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates devised by the Will of Sir Patrick Blake Baronet, deceased, situate and being in the Counties of Middlesex and Suffolk, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the same Estates, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money in other Estates upon the Trusts and for the Purposes therein expressed.

99. An act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Sir Richard Hotham Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus Monies in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

100. An act for Sale of certain Estates in the Parishes of Claypole, Great Ponton, and Kirton, in the County of Lincoln, devised by the Will of the Reverend William Rastall, Doctor in Divinity, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

101. An act for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the Will of the late William Wright Esquire, to convey in Fee, or grant Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpose of Building of Part of the Estates devised by the said Will, In the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster.

102. An act to enable Sir George Pigot Baronet, Margaret Fisher, and Frances Pigot, to dispose of a certain diamond therein mentioned by a Lottery.

103. An act for enabling the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, and the Duke of Richmond fox the Time being, to charge with Jointures the Annuity of nineteen thousand Pounds, (payable out of the Consolidated Fund, in lieu of the Coal Duty granted by King Charles the Second to Charles first Duke of Richmond, and the Heirs of his Body,) and the Stocks on Transfer of which the said Annuity is made redeemable, and for enabling the Sale of Part of the said Stocks, and inverting the Money arising from any such Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, and for other Purposes.

104. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An act for the recovering of Small Debts, and for the relieving of poor Debtors in London; and an act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act; and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of London, in and by the said two several Acts continued and established.

105. An act for taking down, and re-building upon a more enlarged Scale, the Chapel of Saint Mary, in the Town of Caernarvon.

106. An act for establishing a new Church or Chapel lately erected on the South Side of Hunter Street, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

107. An act for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots and Hoblers for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port or Harbour and River of Neath, in the County of Glamorgan; for placing Buoys upon the Bar of Neath, and the Removal of Obstructions in the Paid Port or Harbour and River; for regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels therein; and for the Regulation of Porters within the said Port or Harbour and River, and within the Town of Neath.

108. An act for altering and amending an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Northam, within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton.

109. An act for enabling the Horncastle Navigation Company to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, and for amending an act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation.

110. An act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for opening, makings widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street, into the Back Lane, of the said County of Middlesex.

111. An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two, Acts, passed for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as the same relate to that Part of the said Road which lies within the Counties of Westmorland and Lancaster.

112. An act for continuing for twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth Year of live Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill to Povey Cross, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the same County.

113. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Honourable Arthur Marquis of Downshire, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Earl of Hillsborough, in the Kingdom of England, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

114. An act for the Partition of divers Estates of the late Sir Humphrey Brigges Baronet, in which the Right Honourable Richard Viscount Fitzwilliam, in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Reverend Richard Huntley and George Brooke Esquire, have undivided Shares.

115. An act for confirming a Partition made of the Estates of the late Humphrey Pitt Esquire, and certain Powers of Sale, mentioned in the Partition Deeds.

116. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Yseeifiog, in the County of Flint, and in the Parish of Nannerch, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh.

117. An act for enabling Trustees to enfranchise Copyhold Messuages or Tenements in the Manor of Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex, and to grant Leases of certain other Tenements within the said Manor, devised by the Will of the late Charles Scrafe Esquire, deceased.

118. An act for draining, embanking, and preserving, divers Tracts of Land within the Township of Muston, in the Parish of Hunmanby, and also within sundry other Parishes, Townships, or Places adjoining or near to the Rivers Derwent and Harford, in the East and North Ridings of the County of York.

119. An act for effectuating a Partition or Division of certain Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcester, heretofore the Estates of Holland Cooksey Esquire, deceased, and for substituting Thomas Bird Gentleman, to be a Trustee in the Place of William Dowdeswell Esquire, now in Parts beyond the Sea, for all the Purposes for which the said William Dowdeswell, jointly with Thomas Blayney Gentleman, is a Trustee of one undivided Fifth Part of the said Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments.

120. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, in the Parish of Whitford, in the County of Flint, and for fencing the said Marshes.

