Local Acts passed in 1813, 53 George 3 c.1 - c.216.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1813.
---

1. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Guide Post near Sudden Bridge, in the Parish of Rochdale, to Bury, and a Branch therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

2. An act for enlarging the Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads leading to and from Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and for making a new Road to communicate therewith.

3. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Exeter Turnpike at Reedy Gate in the parish of Dunsford, to Cherrybrook in the Forest of Dartmoore, in the County of Devon.

4. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, to Rockingham, in the said County.

5. An act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge at Maismore, in the County of Gloucester.

6. An act for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to the Rugby Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Wolvey, in the County of Warwick.

7. An act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the County of Glamorgan, so far as they relate to the Roads comprized in the Llantrissent District.

8. An act for altering and enlarging the Provisions of an act of His present Majesty, for improving the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayr.

9. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to North Walsham, in the County of Norfolk.

10. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to Swaffham, and from Honingham to Yaxham, in the County of Norfolk, and also a Lane called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the said City.

11. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twyford Bridge, in the said County of Nottingham.

12. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham.

13. An act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an act made in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Lanark to the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark.

14. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Geist, in the County of Norfolk.

15. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fawley, in the County of Southampton.

16. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Witham on the Hill, with Manthorpe, Toft and Lound, in the County of Lincoln.

17. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Askham Richard, in the County of the City of York.

18. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Haburgh, in the County of Lincoln.

19. An act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, to unite the Rivers Wey and Arun, in the Counties of Surry and Sussex.

20. An act for enlarging the Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for supplying with Water the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

21. An act for altering and amending Two Acts of the Seventeenth and Forty second Years of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex; and for building a Workhouse for the said Parish.

22. An act for making a Road from Beach Down near Battle, to Heathfield, and from Robertsbridge, to Hood's Corner, all in the County of Sussex.

23. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Market Harborough to Loughborough, and from Filling Gate to the Melton Mowbray Turnpike Road, in the County of Leicester.

24. An act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Parishes of Yoxford, Saxmundham and Benhall, in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of Aldeburgh, in the said County.

25. An act for continuing and amending an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Bowes in the County of York, through Barnard Castle and Bishop Auckland, to join the Great North Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham.

26. An act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Tavistock to Old Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon.

27. An act for continuing and amending Five Acts passed for repairing several Roads leading from the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and other Places, in the County of Hertford.

28. An act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and the Right Honourable John Sommers Lord Sommers, of certain Estates in the County of Hereford.

29. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Buglawton, in the County of Chester.

30. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rollesby, in the County of Norfolk.

31. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Melksham in the County of Wilts.

32. An act to amend an act of the last Session of Parliament for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Grand Junction Canal, in the Parish of Paddington, to the River Thames in the Parish of Limehouse, with a Collateral Cut in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex.

33. An act for raising a further Sum of Money for the Improvement of the Harbour of Leith, and Works therewith connected.

34. An act for explaining and amending an act of His present Majesty, for constructing a Harbour at Porthleven in Mount's Bay, in the County of Cornwall.

35. An act for improving the Pier and Port of Hartlepool, in the County of Durham.

36. An act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money, for enabling them more effectually to carry on their Works.

37. An act for enlarging the Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, and other Purposes; and for better collecting the Poor Rates in the said Hamlet.

38. An act for more effectually paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating certain Parts of Piccadilly and Park Lane, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex; and also the several Squares, Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an act of the Twenty ninth Year of His present Majesty, relative to the above Purposes, and to the Poor of the said Parish.

39. An act for amending an act passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, respecting the High Roads in the County of Selkirk.

40. An act for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North End of the Turnpike Road called The Coal Road, near West Auckland, in the County of Durham, to the Elsdon Turnpike Road, at or near Elishaw, in the County of Northumberland.

41. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Horseshoe Corner, in Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, to the South East End of Castle Street, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge.

42. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Burford, in the County of Oxford, to Leach lade, in the County of Gloucester; and also the Road from thence through Highworth to the Cricklade and Swindon Turnpike Road, in the County of Wilts.

43. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Westerham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surry.

44. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Great Marlow, in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford.

45. An act for shutting up a Road and Footpath, leading from Castleford to Ferrybridge, in the County of York.

46. An act to continue the Term and alter the Powers of several Acts of the Thirty fourth. Thirty seventh and Forty fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth.

47. An act for continuing aid amending Two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to Brighthelmstone, in the Sounty of Sussex.

48. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Four several Acts, passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the First, Eighteenth and Thirty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield, and for diverting a Part of the said Road.

49. An act for enabling the Prebendary of Cantlowes, in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of the Prebendal Lands of Kentish Town, in the County of Middlesex.

50. An act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chesterfield, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

51. An act for vesting certain Estates of the Right Honourable William Charles Earl of Albemarle, at Elveden otherwise Eldon, and Bar dwell, in the County of Suffolk, devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Augustus Viscount Keppel, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same; and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Estates contiguous to the Family Estates of the said Earl in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the said Will of the said Augustus Viscount Keppel.

52. An act for vesting certain Estates belonging to the See of York, in Trustees for Sale, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates sold.

53. An act for vesting certain detached Settled Estates of Sir John Chandos Reade Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying off Incumbrances thereon, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

54. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stonleigh, in the County of Warwick.

55. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ashley, in the County of Stafford.

56. An act for inclosing Lands in Ecchinswell, in the County of Southampton.

57. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stow Bedon, in the County of Norfolk.

58. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Laughton, in the County of Sussex.

59. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hardingham, in the County of Norfolk.

60. An act for inclosing Lands in Wraxall, Nailsea and Bourton, in the County of Somerset.

61. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Skelton in Cleveland, in the County of York.

62. An act for paving and otherwise improving certain Streets and other Public Passages and Places which are or shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground belonging to His Majesty, in the several Parishes of Saint Mary le bone and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, called Mary le bone Park.

63. An act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for making and repairing certain Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as they relate to that Part of the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton, which leads from Yoker Bridge to the Town of Dumbarton.

64. An act to continue the Term, and to continue, enlarge and amend the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Ludlowfacb to the Town of Llandovery; and from thence to the River Amman, in the County of Carmarthen, and several other Roads in the same County, communicating therewith; and for making several new Branches of Road to communicate with the said Roads.

65. An act for making and maintaining a Carriage Road from Padbrooke Bridge in the Parish of Cullompton, to Hazel Stone in the Parish of Broad Clift, in the County of Devon.

66. An act for exchanging Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, situate in England, for Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Flora Mure Countess of Loudoun, his Wife, situate in Scotland.

67. An act for inclosing Lands in Long Ashton, in the County of Somerset.

68. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Rampisham in the Parishes of Rampisham and West Chelborough, in the County of Dorset.

69. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Flint, in the County of Flint.

70. An act for reviving, amending and making perpetual, an act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade of the City of Cork, and the Liberties thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

71. An act for regulating Covent Garden Market.

72. An act for enlarging the Powers of an act of His present Majesty for widening and improving Upper East Smithfield, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the County of Middlesex.

73. An act for altering and amending Three Acts of the Sixth Year of Queen Anne, the Thirty second Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there.

74. An act for enabling William Ogilvie Esquire, to purchase Lands for opening sufficient Roads to and Communications with the Harbour of Ardglass, in the County of Down.

75. An act for amending an act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, and Waggon Way, from the Collieries in the Parishes of Old and New Monkland, to the City of Glasgow.

76. An act for altering and amending an act made in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for confirming Charter or Letters Patent granted by His Majesty to the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, and for establishing a Fund for a Provision to the Widows and Children of the Members of the said Corporation and their Clerk.

77. An act for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol, and other Buildings, for the County and City of Edinburgh.

78. An act for making an equal County Rate for the County of Oxford.

79. An act for amending, enlarging and extending the Powers of Two several Acts passed in the Forty ninth and Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Execution of the Commission of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Mouldsey in Surry, to Ravensborne in Kent.

80. An act for uniting the Interests and Concerns of the Proprietors of the Chester Canal and Ellesmere Canal; and amending the several Acts of His present Majesty, relating to the said Canals.

81. An act for enlarging the Powers of an act of King George the Second, and an act of His present Majesty, for Draining Lands in Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge.

82. An act for more effectually paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Margate, in the County of Kent.

83. An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching otherwise improving the Streets and other public Passages Places in Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

84. An act for paving, lighting, watching and improving Hamlet of Poplar and Blackwall, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Hamlet.

85. An act for providing additional Burying Ground for Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington, in the County of Middlesex.

86. An act for building a Chapel of Ease for the Parish of Clapham, in the County of Surry.

87. An act to amend an act passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames from the City of London to the opposite Bank in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surry.

88. An act to continue Three Acts made in the Fifteenth and Thirty first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the Town of Kirkcaldy and Liberties thereof.

89. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Peterborough to Thorney, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

90. An act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the Road to Colnlrook, and several other Roads in the said County, so far as the same relate to the New District of Road therein described.

91. An act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cornhill Burn to Milfield March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lowick, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith.

92. An act for amending the Roads and Highways in the Isle of Wight.

93. An act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hitchin to Bedford, and the Roads branching therefrom, through Henlow to Gerford Bridge and to Arlesey, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford.

94. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Cambridge; and for empowering the Trustees to erect a Weighing Engine near to the said Road.

95. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Downham Market to the Queen's Head, and from the Checquer Inn in Downham Market to the Two Mile Close, in the Parish of Barton, in the County of Norfolk.

96. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Steeple Ashton, in the County of Wilts.

97. An act for vesting Part of the Estates, settled by the Will of Thomas Riddell Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money by such Sale arising, in the Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the same; and for investing the Residue of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates in the County of Northumberland, to be settled to the same Uses.

98. An act for enabling the Principal and Scholars of Brazen Nose College, Oxford, to sell the Manor and Farm of Gennings Court Rent, to Sir John Gregory Shaw, Baronet, and to apply the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

99. An act for vesting the Settled Estates of Robert Holden Esquire, situate in the County of York, and Normanton, in the County of Nottingham, in Trust to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

100. An act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Westmorland in James Adam Esquire, discharged of the Uses of the Will of the Reverend James Barker, deceased; and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

101. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Thurgoland, in the County of York.

102. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Uphill, in the County of Somerset.

103. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Buckden, in the County of Huntington.

104. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Wike, in the County of York.

105. An act for repealing an act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of Shap, in the County of Westmorland; and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds.

106. An act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Stukeley, in the County of Huntingdon.

107. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Waterbeach, in the County of Cambridge.

108. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Elvetham, in the County of Southampton.

109. An act for inclosing Lands within the Townships of Whittington and Newton with Docker, in the Parish of Whittington, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

110. An act to provide for the Distribution, Payment and Application of certain Monies and Effects, refunded or paid, or to be refunded or paid, by or on Behalf of the Government of Sweden, among the persons having Claims thereon in consequence of certain Detentions, Sequestrations and Condemnations by that Government, in the Years One thousand eight hundred and ten, One thousand eight hundred and eleven and One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

111. An act for the more equal Assessment of Money presented to be raised by the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Cork; and for a new Valuation of the said City and Survey of the Liberties thereof; and for other Purposes relative to Grand Juries.

112. An act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the Enlargement of the Burial Grounds in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes relating to the said Parish.

113. An act for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor; and for making a more adequate Provision for the Rector, of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green in the County of Middlesex; and for more effectually lighting, watching, cleansing and Streets and other public Places of and within the said Parish.

114. An act for erecting a Church in the Township of Everton, in the Parish of Walton on the Hill, in the County of Lancaster.

115. An act for establishing and regulating the Market, and for enlarging and improving the Market Place at Hanley, in the County of Stafford.

116. An act to amend an act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An act to enable Justices of the Peace to order Parochial Relief to Prisoners confined under Mesne Process for Debts in such Gaols as are not County Gaols, so far as regards the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry and the Parish of Saint Bridget otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London.

117. An act for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol for the County and City of Perth; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

118. An act for paving and improving the Town of Warrington, in the County of Lancaster; and for building a New Bridewell in the said Town.

119. An act to enable the Kennet and Avon Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money to purchase the Shares of the River Kennet Navigation; and to amend the several Acts passed for making the said Canal.

120. An act for explaining and amending an act of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or Isis, near Abingdon in the County of Berks, to join the Kennet and Avon Canal, near Trowbridge in the County of Wilts; and certain Navigable Cuts.

121. An act to enlarge the Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining and inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Abergele, Saint Asaph, Rhydlan, Diserth and Meliden, and the Franchise of Rhydlan, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint.

122. An act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water.

123. An act to amend an act made in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty for building a Bridge over the River Slaney at Wexford.

124. An act to amend an act made in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Slaney, at Ferry Carrig, in the County of Wexford.

125. An act for further improving the Communication between the County of Edinburgh and the County of Fife, by the Ferries cross the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, in the County of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntisland in the county of Fife.

126. An act for providing a Fund for Annuities for Widows of Members of the Incorporation of Bakers of the City of Edinburgh.

127. An act for amending an act of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk.

128. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cherrill, through Calne, to Studley Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts.

129. An act for continuing and amending Three Acts, for repairing the Road from the City of Durham to Tyne Bridge in the County of Durham.

130. An act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called the Two mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caister Causeway, Two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth.

131. An act for amending the Road from Earls Kill, in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, in the County of Lancaster.

132. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of King George the Second, and an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham, and several other Roads in the Counties of Denbigh, Chester and Flint, so far as relates to the Road in the County of Flint, called The Mold District.

133. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Neat Enstone and Chipping Norton Turnpike Road, through Bicester to Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

134. An act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and improving the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, to a Place called Edenfield, in the Parish of Bury, in the County of Lancaster.

135. An act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shelton to Blakely Lane Head and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney, in the County of Stafford; and also for altering and repairing the Road from Alderley Green to Lane End, in the same County.

136. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, towards the Expence of making and supporting certain Roads and Bridges therein; and of an act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, and Part of the County of Nairn, locally situated in the County of Ross; and of an act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and enlarging the Powers of the Two first mentioned Acts.

137. An act for enlarging the Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Third District of the said Roads.

138. An act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir Edward Lloyd Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled under the Direction of the Court of Chancery to the same Uses.

139. An act for effectuating an Exchange of Lands belonging to the Bishoprick of Worcester for Lands belonging to the Dean and Chapter of Worcester, in the County of Worcester.

140. An act for effecting the Sale of certain Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Henry Partridge Esquire, deceased; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sales, together with the clear Money produced by the Sale of certain other Parts of the said Estates, directed to be sold by an act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the Purchase of other Estates, and for settling the same to the like Uses.

141. An act for inclosing Lands in Dundraw, in the County of Cumberland.

142. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Feltwell, in the County of Norfolk.

143. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Clirow, in the County of Radnor, and extinguishing Vicarial Tithes in the said Parish.

144. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Turweston, in the County of Buckingham.

145. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Whitwell, in the County of Derby.

146. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Whitney, in the County of Hereford.

147. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Stockton, in the County of York.

148. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Downton, in the County of Wilts.

149. An act for inclosing Lands in Llandyrnog and Llangwfan, in the County of Denbigh.

150. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cafcob, and Townships of Ednol and Kinnerton, in the County of Radnor.

151. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Aughton in the Parish of Aughton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

152. An act for amending an act of His present Majesty for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset; for transferring Borough Rights from certain Lands in the same Parish to other Lands therein, the better to effectuate such Inclosure.

153. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Kirkburton, in the County of York.

154. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Spalford and Wigsley, in the County of Nottingham.

155. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the South London Water Works to raise a further Sum of Money, and to alter and amend the Powers of an act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for making the said Water Works. 84$

156. An act to authorize the Advancement of a certain Sum of Money for carrying into Effect the several Acts for the Improvement of the Port and Town of Liverpool and to amend the said Acts.

157. An act for further improving the Harbour of Aberdeen.

158. An act for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Wexford.

159. An act for inclosing, draining and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Lordship of North Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln.

160. An act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for embanking and draining certain Low Lands and Grounds in the Parishes or Townships of Everton, Scaftworth, Gringley on the Hill, Misterton and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham.

161. An act for the more effectually draining and improving Lands within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln and Nottingham.

162. An act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates, in the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, in the County of Surry, and regulating the Affairs thereof; for repairing or rebuilding building the Parish Workhouse, and purchasing Ground for a Cemetery; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

163. An act for altering and amending Two several Acts of the Thirty fifth and Forty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving and improving the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

164. An act for paving, widening, cleansing, watching, lighting and regulating the Streets and other Public Places within the Borough of Chepping Wycombe, in the County of Bucks, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

165. An act for altering and amending several Acts for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge; and for making a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington, to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, in the County of Middlesex.

166. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Charles Knightley Baronet, which were devised by the Will of Lucy Knightley Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising thereby, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof and to the same Uses; and for other Purposes.

167. An act for vesting certain detached settled Estates late of William Whittaker Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Monies thence arising, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

168. An act for repealing so much of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are contrary to the Provisions contained in the will of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, or the Settlement made on the Marriage of Charles Churchill Esquire with the Lady Maria Walpole.

169. An act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of James Harrison Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, or one of them, in Trustees, to be sold pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose.

170. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Thomas John Phillips, of Newport House in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold; and for inverting the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

171. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Edward William Leyborne Popham Esquire, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold; and for investing the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

172. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of East Bedfont with Hatton, in the Parish of East Bedfont, in the County of Middlesex.

173. An act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Undermilbeck, in the Parishes of Windermere and Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland.

174. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Isleworth, Heston and Twickenham, in the Manor of Isleworth Syon, in the County of Middlesex.

175. An act for inclosing Lands in Burghwallis, in the County of York.

176. An act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Caine, Calstone Wellington and Blackland, in the County of Wilts.

177. An act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Crowle, Eastoft and Ealand, in the Parish of Crowle, in the County of Lincoln, and extending into the West Riding of the County of York.

178. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Winterbourne Monckton, in the County of Wills.

179. An act for securing to James Lee, and the Public, the Benefit of his Invention of certain new Methods of preparing Hemp and Flax, by enabling him to lodge the Specification under certain Restrictions.

180. An act for erecting a new Gaol, House of Correction, and Penitentiary House, in the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester.

181. An act for altering and amending an act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation.

182. An act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Wilts and Berks Canal, in the Parish of Swindon, in the County of Wilts, to communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal in the Parish of Latton, in the same County.

183. An act for the Improvement of the Navigation of the Rivers Bury, Loughor and Lliedi, in the Counties of Carmarthan and Glamorgan.

184. An act for altering, enlarging and extending the Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at the Precinct of the Savoy, or near thereunto; and making Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surry.

185. An act for inclosing, lighting and improving Fitzwilliam Square, in the County of the City of Dublin.

186. An act for repairing and improving several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth and Salop; and other Roads therein mentioned.

187. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland; and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties.

188. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to Tubb's Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrook, in the said County.

189. An act for enabling the Right Honourable William Earl of Dartmouth to grant building Leases of his settled Estates, situate in the Counties of York, Kent and Middlesex.

190. An act for enabling the Honourable and Reverend Gerald Valerian Wellesley, Doctor in Divinity, and the Reverend Richard Hodges to grant Building Leases of several undivided Shares in a Piece of Land, called Chelsea Common, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose.

191. An act to enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Camberwell, in the County of Surry, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Vicarage.

192. An act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of the late Thomas Saunders Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies thence arising for the Purposes and in manner therein mentioned.

193. An act for substituting and appointing a new Trustee in the Place or Stead of Francis Lucius Austen Esquire, for the Purposes of the Settlement made upon the Marriage of William John Campion Esquire, with Jane Austen Spinster, now the Wife of the said William John Campion; and also of the Will and Codicil of Henry Courthope Campion Esquire, deceased, so far as respects the Freehold and of or Customary Estates thereby respectively devised to the Uses or upon the Trusts of the said Settlement, and for vetting the Trust Estates accordingly.

194. An act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Duncombe Esquire, and other Lands settled to the same Uses, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

195. An act for exchanging the Lands of Brabsterdorran, and other Heritages belonging to Henrietta Sinclair, as Heir under an Entail, made by David Sinclair of Southdun, deceased, for other Lands and Heritages belonging to her in Fee Simple; and for vetting the said Lands of Brabsterdorran, and other Heritages, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

196. An act for vesting the settled Estates of Edward Lee Esquire and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Counties of Waterford and Dublin and in the County of the City of Dublin, in Trustees, to be sold and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so sold.

197. An act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Holt Esquire, in the County of Suffolk, in Trust for Sale; and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

198. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Gloucester.

199. An act for enlarging the Term of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

200. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market Place in Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to the Buckingham Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton; and for extending the Powers of the said Act to an adjoining Branch of Road.

201. An act for embanking, inclosing and draining Lands in the Parish of Wainfleet Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

202. An act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands, demised by the Will of William Seabright, deceased, situate in the Township of Bednal Green otherwise Bethen Hall Green, in the Parish of Stepney otherwise Stabinheath, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases thereof.

203. An act for enabling William Hall Esquire, to assign or surrender a Term of One thousand Years, in Estates, in the County of Oxford, unto or in Trust for Elisha Biscoe Esquire; and for other Purposes.

204. An act for enabling Trustees, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, to grant Building Leases of Part of the Estates of Thomas Milner Gibson Esquire, deceased, in Lambeth, in the County of Surry, and in Islington, in the County of Middlesex; and also under the like Direction, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage of the same Estates, for Payment of Charges and Incumbrances thereon; and for other Purposes.

205. An act for confirming the Purchase of a Term of Years in an Estate at Knightsbridge in the County of Middlesex, being Part of the Settled Estates of William Lowndes the elder, Esquire, deceased, and for vesting Part of the said Settled Estates in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu of the Estates sold, and to the same Uses; and to enable Trustees to grant Building Leases of Part of the said Settled Estates; and for other Purposes.

206. An act to enable The Hope Assurance Company to sue and be sued; to grant Annuities, and to enrol Memorials thereof, under certain Regulations.

207. An act to enable The Eagle Insurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary or any Member thereof; and to inrol Annuities.

208. An act for amending the Roads from Hodges to Beadles Hill and Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill to Lindfield, and from the Cuckfield and Crawley Road to Horsham, and from Swingate to Shover Green, all in the County of Sussex.

209. An act for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to convey certain Tenements at Deal, in the County of Kent, to or in Trust for His Majesty, for the Public Service.

210. An act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Right Honourable John Viscount Bateman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising therefrom, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

211. An act to enable The Marine Insurance Company of Dublin to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary or Secretaries.

212. An act to enable The Phoenix Assurance Company of London to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, or any Member.

213. An act for altering the Rules, Statutes and Ordinances of the Hospital of Robert Earl of Leicester, in Warwick; and for enabling the Matter and Brethren of the said Hospital to raise Money on the Security of the Estates thereof in order to provide for the Reception of additional Brethren therein.

214. An act for extending and amending an act of Queen Anne, for making the River Cham more navigable, from Clayhithe Ferry to the Queen's Mill, in the County of Cambridge.

215. An act to enable the Norwich Union Society for the Insurance of Lives and Survivorships, to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to be sued in the Names of their Directors, Treasurers and Secretary.

216. An act to enable the Norwich Union Society for Insurance against Loss by Fire, to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to be sued in the Names of their Directors, Treasurers and Secretary.

