Local Acts passed in 1815, 55 George 3 c.1 - c.100.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1815.
---

1. An act to continue the Term, and to amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill, in the said County.

2. An act to continue the Term, and amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and certain other Roads therein mentioned.

3. An act to amend the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London; and for raising a further Sum of Money for the Completion of the said Works.

4. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Epsom through Ewell to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Litton; and across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, all in the County of Surry.

5. An act for enlarging the Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Parish Church of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester.

6. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation to raise Money for discharging the Debts of the said Company.

7. An act for paving the Footways and Crosspaths, and lighting, watching, cleansing, widening and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Passages and Places, in the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton.

8. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Burtryford, in the County of Durham, to Alston, in the County of Cumberland, and from Alston aforesaid, by the Dyke, to Burnstones, in the County of Northumberland.

9. An act for erecting a Shire Hall, Courts of Justice and other Buildings, for Public Purposes; and for providing suitable Accommodations for His Majesty's Justices of Assize, in and for the County of Hereford.

10. An act for repairing the Road from the Town of Stanhope, by Edmonbyers, in the County of Durham, to the Corbridge Turnpike Road near Greenhead, in the Parish of Shotley, in the County of Northumberland.

11. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Southam, in the County of Warwick.

12. An act for repairing and improving the Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for keeping in Repair Exe Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge.

13. An act for making and maintaining a Road from Elland Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax, to join the Dewsbury and Elland Turnpike Road, at or near to a certain Obelisk belonging to Sir George Armytage Baronet, in the Parish of Dewsbury, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

14. An act for repairing the Road from Haslingden, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmorden, and for making and maintaining several Branches therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

15. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Odiham to Alton, in the County of Southampton.

16. An act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty King George the Second, and of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Chesterfield, in the County of Derby.

17. An act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the County of Roxburgh, and other Roads connected therewith, leading into the Counties of Berwick, Northumberland and Durham.

18. An act to amend an act of His present Majesty, for establishing a Ferry across the River Thames at Woolwich, in the County of Kent.

19. An act to continue the Term and alter and amend the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and also to make a new Road from Burslem aforesaid to Cobridge, and a Branch therefrom to Burslem Church.

20. An act for enlarging the Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging and improving the Parish Church of Hungerford, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts.

21. An act to amend an act of His present Majesty, for building a new Church at Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

22. An act to light, watch, pave, cleanse and improve the Streets, Highways and Places within the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to provide Fire Engines and Firemen for the Protection of the said Borough.

23. An act to alter, extend and amend the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better paving, lighting and watching the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts.

24. An act to amend an act of His present Majesty, for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth.

25. An act for amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for improving certain plots of Ground belonging to the Right Honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton, and other Persons, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex.

26. An act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing and improving the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and for Watching the said Town.

27. An act for dividing, inclosing and selling the Waste Lands, and Lammas and other Commonable Rights, in the City and County of the City of Lichfield; to explain and amend an act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other Public Places, within the City of Lichfield, and the Suburbs thereof; and for better supplying the said City with Water.

28. An act for building a Market House in the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon; and for better paving, lighting, widening and improving the Streets and other Public Places within the said Borough.

29. An act to rebuild the Bridge in Bird Street, otherwise Bridge Street, in the City of Lichfield.

30. An act for rebuilding Tempsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford.

31. An act to alter and amend an act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a County Hall and other Offices for the County of Perth.

32. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or near Mytholm Royd Bridge, in the West Riding of the County of York, to communicate with the Road at or near the Sixth Milestone from Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster.

xxiiii. An act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Cow Cawsey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the County of Northumberland.

34. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton and Perth.

35. An act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, and from the Town of Huntingdon to Somersham in the County of Huntingdon, so far as respects the Middle Division and separate District of the said Roads.

36. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Halifax and Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York.

37. An act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Heron Syke to Kirkby in Kendal, and from thence through Shap, to Eamont Bridge, in the County of Westmorland; and for making a new Road from the said Road, at a Place called Far Cross Bank, near Kirkby in Kendal, to communicate with the intended Canal from Lancaster to Kirkby in Kendal, and to join the said Road at or near a Place called The Lound, near Kirkby in Kendal aforesaid.

38. An act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill to the Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxford.

39. An act to amend several Acts of His present Majesty, for making the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation.

40. An act for establishing a Navigable Communication between the Birmingham Canal Navigations and the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, and amending certain Acts passed relative thereto.

41. An act for enabling the Gloucester and Cheltenham Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Completion of their Works.

42. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an act of His present Majesty, for erecting a Court House and Prison for the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, and other Purposes; to provide for the Expence of the Prosecution of Felons in certain Cases; and to establish a Police and Nightly Watch in the Town, Borough and Neighbourhood of Leeds aforesaid.

43. An act for paving the Foot Ways and Cross Paths, and lighting, watching, cleansing and improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public passages and Places, in the Borough or Town of Andevor, in the County of Southampton.

44. An act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Thomas, in the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester.

45. An act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Surry to provide a proper Place for the depositing and preserving the Public Records of the said County, together with a Residence for the Clerk of the Peace, for the safe Custody of such Records, and convenient Offices for transacting his Business; and also to settle a Table of Fees to be taken by such Clerk of the Peace.

46. An act to enable the Union Society for effecting Insurance from Fire, and the Union Life Office for effecting Insurances on Lives and Survivorships, and for granting and purchasing Annuities, to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman or Secretary for the time being.

47. An act for making and maintaining a Public Road from or near Killaganoon Corner, in the Parish of Feock, in the County of Cornwall, to the Village of Flushing, in the Parish of Mylor, in the same County.

48. An act for repairing the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surry, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill to Povey Cross, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the same County.

49. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Jesus Lane in the Town of Cambridge, to Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge.

50. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Highgate Gate House, in the County of Middlesex, to the Thirteen Milestone near Gannick Corner, in the Parish of South Mims, in the said County.

51. An act for amending the Road from Keighley to Bradford, and for making and maintaining a Branch therefrom all in the West Riding of the County of York.

52. An act for continuing and amending Three Acts, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, leading to the Borough of Launceston.

53. An act to continue and amend an act of His present Majesty, for opening and making a new Road from the Turnpike Road at Craig Evan Leyson, in the Parish of Lanvabon, to the Confines of the Parish of Ystradyvoduck, near Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan.

54. An act for continuing and amending an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Uttoxeter to Stoke, near Stone, and from Millwich to Sandon, in the County of Stafford.

55. An act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Derwent at East Cottingwith, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Turnpike Road leading from the City of York to the Town of Kingston upon Hull, at a certain Place there, called Street Bridge, in the Township of Pocklington, in the said Riding.

56. An act to amend an act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol for the County and City of Perth; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

57. An act for enlarging the Church Yard and providing additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Helen, in Abingdon, in the County of Berks.

58. An act for paving or gravelling, watching and lighting certain Places situate on the West Side of the Turnpike Road in Kentish Town, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

59. An act to repeal an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, to the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, and from the Place where the Watchhouse in Edmonton formerly stood to the Market Place in Enfield, and from Newington Green to Bush Hill, and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned; and to provide for more effectually repairing the said Roads, and for lighting, watching and watering several Parts thereof.

60. An act for repealing an act of His present Majesty, for the Repair of several Roads in the Counties of Somerset, Devon and Dorset, leading to the Town of Chard in the County of Somerset, and for making and repairing a Road from Chard to the Honiton Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Uppottery, in the County of Devon, and for more effectually repairing the Residue of the Roads comprised in the said Act.

61. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading into and through the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, and several Roads communicating therewith.

62. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Four Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Fisherton, Wilton, Heytesbury and other Places in the County of Wilts, and for diverting the Line of Part of the said Roads.

63. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Scaddow Gate, in the Parish of Ticknall, to the Burton upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike Road, and certain Roads therein mentioned, and to make and maintain other Roads to communicate therewith.

64. An act for making further Provision for the Secretary and Usher to the Vice Chancellor of England, and for the Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and for providing additional Clerks for the said Office.

65. An act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Sheffield to Tinsley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

66. An act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation to complete and extend their Works, and for better supplying the said Canal with Water; and also for vesting in Trustees for the said Company of Proprietors, His Majesty's Right and Interest in certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of King's Norton and Northfield, in the County of Worcester, forfeited to The Crown.

67. An act for enabling the Commissioners of the Northern Light Houses to erect Light Houses on the Isles of Man and Calf of Man.

68. An act to amend an act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets and Public Places within Part of the Precinct of Saint Katherine, in the County of Middlesex.

69. An act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset.

70. An act for establishing a Church or Chapel in Toxteth Park, in the Parish of Walton on the Hill, in the County of Lancaster.

71. An act for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for widening, altering and rebuilding Ouse Bridge, in the City of York, and for widening certain Streets, and making other Improvements in the said City.

72. An act to amend an act of His present Majesty, for erecting a Bridge over the River of Ross, at the Town of New Ross, in the County of Wexford.

73. An act for erecting and maintaining a Bridewell, Gaol, Court House and Public Offices, for the Burgh of Paisley and County of Renfrew.

74. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Womborne to Princes End, and from Gospel End to the Village of Over Penn, and thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge, and Other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Stafford.

75. An act for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham to the Turnpike Road in the Hamlet of Old Stratford, and to be continued from the same Turnpike Road at the Town of Stony Stratford, to the Town of Newport Pagnall, in the County of Bucks.

76. An act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an act of His present Majesty, For repairing the Road from Southwark to Deptford, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for lighting, watching and cleansing certain Parts thereof, and other Places in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surry.

77. An act to continue and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Dundalk to Dunleer, in the County of Louth.

78. An act for establishing and well governing the Charitable Institution called The Caledonian Asylum, for supporting and educating Children of Soldiers, Sailors and Marines, Natives of Scotland, and of indigent Scotch Parents resident in London, not entitled to Parochial Relief.

79. An act for defraying the Expence incurred in rebuilding the Parish Church of Hanworth, in the County of Middlesex.

80. An act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

81. An act to amend several Acts for the Management and Direction of the Meath Hospital, or County of Dublin Infirmary, and for the better regulating the same.

82. An act to explain and amend an act of His present Majesty, for the more equal Assessment of Money presented to be raised by the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Cork, and for a new Valuation of the said City and Survey of the Liberties thereof, and for other Purposes relative to Grand Juries.

83. An act to authorize the raising of a further Sum of Money to complete the Montgomeryshire Canal, and to extend the Power of deviating from, and making certain Alterations in Part of the original Plan, and for explaining and rendering more effectual an act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty for making the said Canal.

84. An act to alter and amend Two Acts made in the Thirty second and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for the Support and Maintenance of Ramsgate Harbour, in the County of Kent.

85. An act for providing a Market for the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall.

86. An act for embanking and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Benington, in the County of Lincoln.

87. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads in and leading through and from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts.

88. An act to rectify a Mistake in an act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and amending several Acts for repairing the Road from Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Chesterfield, in the County of Derby.

89. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Roads communicating with the West and East India Docks, and for repairing the Cannon Street Road, and for making and maintaining a new Road to Barking, and a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to Tilbury Forty in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, and also for making a new Branch of Road from King David Lane, Shadwell, to the Essex Road at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex.

90. An act for continuing and amending an act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Shenfield to Harwich and Rockford, and other Places in the County of Essex, and for extending the said Act to the Road from Great Hallingbury to Hockerill, in the County of Hertford.

91. An act for enlarging and improving the West End of Cheapside, in the City of London, also Saint Martin's le Grand, Aldersgate Street, Saint Anne's Lane and Foster Lane, and for providing a Site for a new Post Office between Saint Martin's le Grand and Foster Lane aforesaid.

92. An act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Marshes, and other Lands and Grounds lying in the Parishes of Wormegay, Shouldham, Marham, Middleton, Pentney, East Winch and West Bilney, in the County of Norfolk.

93. An act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to provide convenient Courts of Justice in and for the said City.

94. An act for taking down and rebuilding the Whole or Part of a certain Bridge across the River Isis, in or near the City of Oxford, called Folly Bridge, otherwise Friar's Bridge, and for widening the same Bridge and improving the Approaches thereto.

95. An act to continue the Term and amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed for repairing the Road from Reading to Speenhamland and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said County.

96. An act for building a new Church, and also a Workhouse, in the Parish of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset.

97. An act for improving the Harbour of Dundee, in the County of Forfar.

98. An act to amend an act of His present Majesty, for building a new Prison in the City of London, and for removing thereto Prisoners confined under Civil Process in the Gaol of Newgate and the Two Compters of the said City, and also the Prison of Ludgate.

99. An act to repeal the Acts now in force relating to Bread to be sold in the City of London and Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and to prevent the Adulteration of Meal, Flour and Bread, and to regulate the Weights of Bread within the same Limits.

100. An act for draining and allotting Otmoor, in the County of Oxford.

