Local Acts passed in 1816, 56 George 3 c.1 - c.87.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1816.
---

1. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester.

2. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the County of Northampton.

3. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from Carter's Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to the Forty Feet Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon.

4. An act to amend an act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal and certain Persons, for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parish of Paddington, and the Parishes and Streets adjacent, in the County of Middlesex.

5. An act for the better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates, in the Parish of Mitcham, in the County of Surrey.

6. An act for making and maintaining a Road from Dewsbury to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

7. An act for taking down the Parish Church of Clifton, in the County of Gloucester, and for building a new Church, and providing an additional Cemetery for the Use of the said Parish.

8. An act to provide for the repairing and maintaining of a certain Part of several Roads or Ways, leading from Woodford to Ilford, in the County of Essex, and for shutting up certain other Parts of the said several Roads or Ways.

9. An act for enlarging, improving and repairing the Parish Church of Woodford, in the County of Essex, and for enlarging the Church Yard or Burial Ground of the said Parish.

10. An act for lighting with Gas the City and County of the City of Exeter.

11. An act to amend Two Acts of His present Majesty for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames, from the City of London to the opposite Bank in the County of Surrey.

12. An act for altering, amending and extending the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

13. An act to enable Temple West Esquire, sole Proprietor of The Royal Circus or Surrey Theatre, situate in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Surrey, to continue the same open, for public Amusement, for a limited time.

14. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Preston Candover to Basingstoke, and from thence to Alton, in the County of Southampton.

15. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Nantwich, to Wheelock Wharf in the Township of Sandbach, in the County Palatine of Chester.

16. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the High Street in the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Boundary Stone between the Parish of Worfield, and the Liberties of the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop.

17. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to the End of Guide Lane, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned in the said Counties, and in the County of York; and for making a new Road from the said Road in Bredbury, to the Bridge over the River Mersey at Portwood, near the Town of Stockport.

18. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Twenty Mile Stone, on Egham Hill, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the same County.

19. An act for erecting a new Gaol and Court House in the Burgh of Ayr, in the Shire of Ayr.

20. An act for the Incorporation of The Highland Society of London for the better Management of the Funds of the Society; and for rendering its Exertions more extensive and beneficial to the Public.

21. An act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parishes in the County of Middlesex, lying between the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, and the Mouth of the River Colney near Staines; and also between Limehouse Hole and the Mouth of the River Lee, near Blackwall and also within the several Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, adjoining to both Banks of the River Lee, and the Branches thereof, between the River Thames and Edmonton.

22. An act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for constructing an Harbour at Porthleven, in Mount's Bay, in the County of Cornwall.

23. An act to enlarge, amend and render more effectual the Provisions of an act of His present Majesty, for paving and lighting the City of Hereford, and removing Nuisances therein; and for enabling the Corporation of the said City to sell and apply the Produce of certain Messuages and Lands in establishing Market Places, and otherwise improving the said City.

24. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for building a Church in and for the Parish of Newry. in the Counties of Down and Armagh.

25. An act for paving, lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of West Cowes, in the Isle of Wight in the County of Southampton; and for establishing a Market within the said Town.

26. An act for paving and improving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets and other Public Passages and Places in the Town of Melksham, in the County of Wilts.

27. An act to repeal a certain Part of an act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act to amend an act of His present Majesty, for establishing a Ferry across the River Thames at Woolwich, in the County of Kent.

28. An act for repairing and altering the Parish Church of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, and for making further Provision for the Rector of the said Parish.

29. An act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Peak Forest to Beard, and from Peak Forest aforesaid, to or near to Woodlands, all in the County of Derby.

30. An act for making and maintaining a Road from near Gatton Lodge, in the County of Surrey, to Povey Cross, in the said County.

31. An act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Roads leading from the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford.

32. An act for repairing and improving the Road from the Lyme Turnpike Road in the Parish of Gittisham, to Sidmouth, in the County of Devon.

33. An act to rectify a Mistake in an act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads from Bowes, in the County of York, to join the Great North Road, near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham.

34. An act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to River hill, in the Parish of Sevenoaks in the said County.

35. An act for altering and amending several Acts in regard to the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh and Places adjacent.

36. An act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of several Acts for imposing and continuing a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or the Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold within the Town of Borrowstowness and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of Borrowstowness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

37. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof; for supplying the said Town with Fresh Water; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

38. An act for amending several Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned; and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating therewith.

39. An act for building a new Parish Church and a Parochial Chapel in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

40. An act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in the Parish of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

41. An act to enable the Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh to carry into effect certain Purposes in regard to the Erection of a Chapel at the West End of Prince’s Street, and for effecting certain Improvements in the Neighbourhood thereof, and in other Parts of the extended Royalty of the said City.

42. An act to alter and amend Two Acts of the Fifty third and Fifty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol and other Buildings for the County and City of Edinburgh; and to alter and amend Two Acts of the Forty third and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty, in regard to the Statute Labour of the Middle District of the said County.

43. An act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Town of Keighly, in the West Riding of the County of York.

44. An act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for improving the Port, Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; and for better supplying the said Town with Water.

45. An act for altering, amending and explaining Two Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for widening and improving the Street. leading from Tower Hill to the Street called Upper East Smithfield, in the County of Middlesex.

46. An act for the better repairing the several Roads leading into and from the City of Worcester.

47. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Aldermaston to Basingstoke, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Berks and Southampton.

48. An act for amending the Road from Dudley Hill through Beckwithshaw to Killinghall, and from Beckwithshaw to the South west Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, and for making and maintaining a Branch therefrom to Bradford, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

49. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Darlastone Bridge to the most Northern Part of Talk-on-the-Hill in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford, and also the Road branching out of the said first mentioned Road to Shelton Wharf in the said County.

50. An act for altering and amending an act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Road leading from the Limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark, into the Burgh of Lanark, with a Branch towards Ravenstruther, in the County of Lanark.

51. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Birmingham through Wednesbury, to High Bullen, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Stafford.

52. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Biggleswade to Alconbury Hill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon.

53. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Roads from Shrewsbury through Ellesmere in the County of Salop, and Overton in the County of Flint, to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as relates to the Ellesmere District of the said Roads.

54. An act to amend an act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, and another Act of the First Year of King James the Second, for erecting the said Parish.

55. An act to enlarge the Powers of an act passed in the Twenty second and Twenty third Years of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, for making the Manor of Paris Garden a Parish, and to enable the Parishioners of Saint Saviour’s Southwark to raise a Maintenance for Ministers, and for Repairs of their Church; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

56. An act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in Southwark, in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

57. An act to explain and amend an act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and otherways improving the Town of Belfast, in the County of Antrim, and for better effecting those Purposes.

58. An act for amending an act of His present Majesty, intituled An act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Crowle, Eastoft and Ealand, in the Parish of Crowle, in the County of Lincoln, and extending into the West Riding of the County of York; and for draining or warping the said Lands in the Parishes of Luddington, Belton and Adlingfleet, and for making Drains in the Parish of Althorpe; all in the said Counties of Lincoln and York.

59. An act for building a new Gaol in the City of Bristol, and for other Purposes.

60. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for rebuilding and repairing the Piers of Bridlington otherwise Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for granting further Powers for those Purposes.

61. An act for amending and enlarging the Provisions of an act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Rochdale and the Neighbourhood with Water.

62. An act for Building a Bridge across the River Irwell, from the Town ship of Salford, in the Parish of Manchester, to Strangeways, in the Township of Cheetham, all in the County of Lancaster; and for making proper Avenues thereto.

63. An act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames from the Precinct of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore; and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith in the County of Surrey; and also for making a new Road in lieu of Part of the Road or Street called Narrow Wall, in the said County of Surrey; and for making an Archway over Part of such new Road; and for denominating the said Bridge The Waterloo Bridge.

64. An act for improving the Port and Harbour of Waterford, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

65. An act for establishing a New Church, called the Church of Saint Mark, situate in the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

66. An act for the better Relief and more effectually employing the Poor of the Township of Shardlow and Wilne, in the County of Derby, and the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned in the said County, and in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham.

67. An act for enlarging the Term and rowers of certain Acts for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Broomsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley.

68. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford, in the County of Norfolk.

69. An act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the County of York, and from Duffield to Worksworth, in the County of Derby.

70. An act for making and maintaining Highways, Roads, Bridges and Quays, and for regulating Ferries in the Shire of Argyll; and for altering and repairing certain Military and other Roads, Bridges and Quays in the said Shire, and in the Parish of Arrochar, and Shire of Dumbarton.

71. An act for altering and improving Part of the Turnpike Road, leading from the City of Dublin, to the New Packet Harbour of Howth, for the Conveyance of His Majesty's Mails; and for amending the several Laws relating to the said Road.

72. An act for continuing and amending Four Acts passed in the Reigns of their late Majesties King George the First and King George the Second, and of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Luton to Westwood Gate, in the County of Bedford, and from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford.

73. An act for establishing and regulating a Fund for the Widows, Children and Relatives of Officers or Persons belonging to the Department of Customs in England.

74. An act for amending an act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Districts, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

75. An act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Borrowstowness by the West of Linlithgow, and by Torphichen, Bathgate and Whiteburn, to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Holhouseburn; and for making and maintaining a certain Road from Borrowstowness to the River Avon.

76. An act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts, in the City and County of the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester and Somerset.

77. An act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent, and for the better Assessment and Collection of the Poor Rates and other Rates within the Parish of Gravesend.

78. An act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Goals within the several Parishes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent.

79. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an act of the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Horseley Upright Gate, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Kingsdown Hill, in the Parish of Box, in the said County, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto.

80. An act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Speenhamland District of the said Roads.

81. An act for the more effectual Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex.

82. An act to amend an act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Paving, Lighting, Watching and otherwise improving the several Streets and other Public Places upon certain Lands near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex.

83. An act for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow 10 the City of Carlisle.

84. An act for erecting Buildings for the Accommodation of the Court of Chancery.

85. An act for altering and amending an act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for making a Canal from the Grand Junction Canal in the Parish of Paddington to the River Thames, in the Parish of Limehouse.

86. An act to alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha.

87. An act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for granting certain Powers to the Gas Light and Coke Company.

