Local Acts passed in 1817, 57 George 3 c.1 - c.76.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1817.
---

1. An act to extend the Limits of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals in certain Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex.

2. An act for paving the Footways, and for lighting and cleansing the Streets, Lanes and public Places within the Town and Borough of Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, and for preventing Nuisances therein.

3. An act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Seventeenth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Henfield to Brighthelmstone, and from Poyning's Common to High Cross, in the County of Sussex; and for repealing so much of the said Acts as relates to certain Parts of the said Roads.

4. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, in the County of the City of Coventry, and in the County of Warwick.

5. An act for repairing the Road from the Cross Hands, on the Worcester and Oxford Turnpike Road, to Halford Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester, Warwick and Worcester.

6. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Shrewsbury to Bridgnorth, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

7. An act for making better Provision for the Support and Maintenance of the Rector of the Parish of Saint Olave, in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for providing a more convenient Rectory or Parsonage House for the said Rector.

8. An act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers given by an act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the same into Effect.

9. An act for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the County of Northampton.

10. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from West Houghton to Duxbury Stocks, in the County of Lancaster.

11. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Towcester to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of Hardington, in the County of Northampton.

12. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from and out of the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Coalbrook Dale, in the Parish of Madeley, into the Turnpike Road leading from Shiffnall to Shrewsbury, at or near a Place called Watling Street, in the Parish of Wellington, all in the County of Salop.

13. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Cromford to the Town of Belper; and for making a Branch of Road from and out of the said Road near the River Amber, to join the Turnpike Road at Bull Bridge, all in the County of Derby.

14. An act for lighting and watching Kentish Town in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex.

15. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation to raise Money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the said Canal.

16. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of the Seventeenth and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York so far as relate to the Road from Penistone to Sheffield. Page 545.

17. An act to continue and amend an act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road between Aylesbury and Wendover, through Prince's Risborough, to West Wycombe, in the County of Buckingham.

18. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough under Stainmoor in the County of Westmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge in the said County.

19. An act to amend an act of the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for building a new Church and Workhouse in the Parish of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset.

20. An act for improving and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr, and for regulating Vessels resorting thereto.

21. An act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Sculcoates in the East Riding of the County of York.

22. An act for amending an act of His present Majesty, for rebuilding Newton Chapel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

23. An act for better lighting the Streets-and Houses of the Metropolis with Gas.

24. An act to amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for the better repairing the several Roads leading into and from the City of Worcester.

25. An act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Fifteenth and Thirty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through Little Yarmouth, to Gorleston, in the County of Suffolk.

26. An act for amending the Roads leading from Basingstone, near Bagshot, through Farnham, in the County of Surrey, and Alton and New Airesford, to Winchester, in the County of Southampton.

27. An act for more effectually improving the Road from Richmond, in the County of York, to Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster, and the Road from Richmond to Lucy Cross, and from Gilling to the Turnpike Road on Gatherley Moor, in the County of York.

28. An act for continuing and amending an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, to Kimbolton in the County of Huntingdon.

29. An act for better paving, improving and regulating the Streets of the Metropolis, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

30. An act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne.

31. An act for fixing the Dues, Duties and Payments for all Goods, Wares and Merchandize landed on or shipped from the Pier or Quay of the Town of Penzance in the County of Cornwall, and on all Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Pier or Quay, or to the Harbour of Penzance.

32. An act for the further Improvement of the Town and Harbours of Greenock for establishing and supporting a Harbour Police, and for the better regulating the Poor of the Three Parishes of Greenock.

33. An act for altering and amending an act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Districts, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

34. An act for making the Hamlet of Poplar and Blackball, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parish; and for erecting a Parish Church therein, and other Purposes relating thereto.

35. An act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Christ Church in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

36. An act for enlarging the Church Yard, and providing additional Burying Ground, for the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

37. An act for making and maintaining a Railing or Tram Road from Bull's Head Lane, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to communicate with the Cromford Canal at Pinxton Basin, in the Parish of Pinxton, in the County of Deby.

38. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Norton and Heckingham, in the County of Norfolk; and for draining certain Lands in the said Parish of Norton.

39. An act to amend an act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for improving and rendering more commodious such Parts of the County and County of the City of Dublin as are situate on the South Side of the River Anna Liffey, and West of His Majesty's Castle of Dublin; and for the Appointment of an Inspector of the Presentments and other Accounts of the County of the City of Dublin.

40. An act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers granted to the Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster; and for extending the Limits of their Office to the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea.

41. An act for lighting the City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Gas, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

42. An act to repeal an act made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parishes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent.

43. An act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Causeway Head, near Stirling, through the County of Clackmannan, towards Queen's Ferry, and certain Roads branching out of the same.

44. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads leading from Truro, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Cornwall; and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the River there.

45. An act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from or near the Town of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland, to Middleton Bridge, in the Parish of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York, with a Branch from or near Chapel House to Eggleston Bridge, in the same Parish.

46. An act for continuing and amending an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, through Oakham, to the Great North Road, in the Parish of Greetham, in the County of Rutland.

47. An act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Township of Manchester to Newton Chapel in the Township of Newton, with a Branch to the River Medlock in the Township of Droylsden, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

48. An act for shutting up and discontinuing a certain Way or Passage called Old Paris Garden Lane, situate in the Parish of Christ Church in the County of Surrey, and for selling and disposing of the Ground and Soil thereof.

49. An act to continue an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, and for repealing the several Laws theretofore made relating to the said Road.

50. An act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Burnley, in the said County, and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith.

51. An act for making and maintaining a Road from Quebec, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Homefield Lane End, in the same Parish, with a Bridge or Bridges on the Line of such Road.

52. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Bridge of Dee Southward, through the County of Kincardine, to Stonehaven; and from thence, by Inverbervie and by Laurencekirk, to the Lower and Upper Bridges over the River North Esk; and for making and repairing other Roads in the said County.

53. An act for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to a Chapel to be called Stansted Chapel, in the Parish of Stoughton, in the County of Sussex.

54. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Eye, in the County of Northampton.

55. An act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wrotham Heath to Foots Cray, and from Wrotham Heath to Maidstone, in the County of Kent; and the Road from the said Road into the Turnpike Road from Mereworth to Hadlow in the said County.

56. An act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian Road, near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling.

57. An act for giving further Powers to the President and Assistants of the Charitable Society of the Town of Belfast, in the County of Antrim, to supply the said Town with Water, and to improve their Estates.

58. An act for building a Bridge across the River Irwell, from Water Street, in the Township of Salford, to Saint Mary's Gate, in the Township of Manchester, all in the County of Lancaster, and for making proper Avenues thereto.

59. An act for granting further Powers for improving the Town of Great Bolton, in the County of Lancaster.

60. An act for granting an Equivalent for the Diminution of the Profits of the Office of Gauger of the City of London, and increasing the Payments to be made by Brokers.

61. An act to enable Peltro William Tomkins of New Bond Street, in the City of Westminster, Engraver to The Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, and the Lease of the Premises called The British Gallery of Pictures, by way of Lottery.

62. An act to amend Two Acts for maintaining and improving the Commercial Docks, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey.

63. An act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Arun to Chichester Harbour, and from thence to Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, with a Cut or Branch from Hunston Common to or near the City of Chichester; and for improving the Navigation of the Harbour of Langstone and Channels of Langstone and Thorney.

64. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodingham Beck, and extending the same to the town of Great Driffield, in the County of York.

65. An act for enlarging the Market Place, and regulating the Market in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for improving the said Town; and for amending an act of His present Majesty relative thereto.

66. An act to amend and continue an act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for improving certain Roads in and through the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned.

67. An act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton in the County of Somerset.

68. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cambridge to the Old North Road, near Arrington Bridge, in the County of Cambridge.

69. An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act of His present Majesty, for draining Lands in South Holland; and for continuing and amending another Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining and repairing a certain Bank, and the Road thereon, from Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, all in the County of Lincoln.

70. An act for improving the Harbour of Blakeney, within the Port of Blakeney and Clay, in the County of Norfolk.

71. An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act of His late Majesty King William the Third, for making the River Lark alias Burn navigable.

72. An act for rebuilding the Church, and improving the Church Yard of the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex.

73. An act for raising Money, by Annuities or otherwise, for the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse for the Use of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex.

74. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Neath Turnpike Road, at or near Abernant, through Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Turnpike Road within the Abergavenny District near Rhyd y Blew House, in the County of Monmouth.

75. An act to continue and amend an act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for altering the Road from Macclesfeld to Congleton, in the County of Chester.

76. An act to empower the Commissioners of the Royal Naval Asylum to make use of any Part of the Accumulation of the Interest of the Monies which were given by the Committee for managing the Patriotic Fund to the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Asylum.

