Local Acts passed in 1818, 58 George 3 c.1 - c.87.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1818.
---

1. An act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, through Pitchcomb, into the City of Gloucester.

2. An act to continue the Terms, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the City of York to Boroughbridge in the County of York.

3. An act for extending the Powers of an act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the County of Ayr.

4. An act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an act of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Road from Manchester to Rochdale, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster; so far as relates to the Bury and Ratcliffe Bridge District of Road therein mentioned; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate with the said District of Road.

5. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester.

6. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from near the Town of Manchester in the County of Lancaster to Hyde Lane Bridge in the County of Chester.

7. An act for continuing and amending an act of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton and Wikbourne, with a Branch from Kirklington to the Street Gate Road, and the Newark and Southwell Turnpike Road at Greet Bridge, in the County of Nottingham.

8. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmstone to Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Cross Roads in the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sussex.

9. An act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an act passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester.

10. An act for making more effectual Provision for Payment of the Debt due by the Trustees for Turnpike Roads, in the County of Peebles, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

11. An act for continuing and amending an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from West Cowgate, near Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Alemouth Turnpike Road, in the County of Northumberland.

12. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmslow, in the County Palatine of Chester.

13. An act to amend an act of the last Session of Parliament, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Towcester to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of Hardingdon, in the County of Northampton.

14. An act for repairing the Road from Blakedown Pool, in the Parish of Hagley and County of Worcester, to Birmingham in the County of Warwick.

15. An act for amending an act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for improving the Port, Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for better supplying the said Town with Water.

16. An act to enable the Grand Junction Canal Company to vary the Line of Part of their Canal in the County of Hertford, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts relating to the said Canal.

17. An act to enable the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company to vary and alter the Line of their Canal; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal.

18. An act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereto belonging; and for altering, enlarging and rendering more effectual the Powers for making the said Canal and Works.

19. An act for altering, explaining and amending the several Acts of Parliament passed, relating to the Birmingham Canal Navigations; and for improving the said Canal Navigations.

20. An act for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the County of Leicester; and for making therein a convenient Place for the Justices of the Peace to meet and transact any Public Business of the said County; and also for the safe Custody of the Public Records of the said County.

21. An act for altering and amending an act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for constructing a Pier and Harbour at or near the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent; for varying the Limits, and improving and rendering more commodious the said Pier and Harbour; for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act.

22. An act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Chipping Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

23. An act to continue the Term, and to amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Stroud, and another Road therein mentioned, both in the County of Gloucester.

24. An act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Eleventh and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Wem in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron y Garth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh; for repairing and diverting the Roads leading out of the said Road from Wem to Bron y Garth into the Turnpike Road leading from Ellesmere to Wrexham; and for repealing so much of the said Acts as relates to a certain Part of the said Roads.

25. An act for repairing and maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Regality of Fraserburgh, in the County of Aberdeen.

26. An act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an act of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dover, in the County of Kent, through Deal, to Sandwich, in the said County.

27. An act for altering and enlarging the Terms and Powers of certain Acts, in so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Toll House in Paisley Lane, at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew.

28. An act to extend and amend the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for building The Waterloo Bridge, and making Roads communicating therewith; and to authorize the Relinquishment of the repairing, lighting and watching of the Roads on the South Side of the Bridge, to the Trustees of the Surrey New Roads, acting under Two several Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for making, widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads.

29. An act for continuing and amending an act of His present Majesty, for maintaining a Road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a Branch to South Shields, all in the County of Durham.

30. An act for repairing the Roads into and from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester.

31. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Roads from Lobcome Corner in the Parish of Winterslow, to Harnham Bridge in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Aline's Street in the City of New Sarum to Landford, and other Roads in the County of Southampton.

32. An act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to the Borough of Warwick, in the same County.

33. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as relates to the First District of the said Road, from Halifax to Huddersfeld.

34. An act for repairing the Road from Bridgetown in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, to the Top of Long Compton Hill in the same County, and another Road therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Gloucester.

35. An act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, to join the Marple Bridge Road in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby, with a Branch to Mortimer's Road, in the Parish of Hathersage, in the said county of Derby.

36. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby.

37. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the South End of Angel Lane, in Brampton Bierley, to a certain Public Highway in Mexbrough; and also from Clegg's Cottage, in Rawmarsh, to the North End of Kilnhurst Bridge; and from the South End of the said Bridge to the West End of the Village of Hooton Roberts, in the West Riding of the County of York.

38. An act for diverting such Part of the Public Carriage Road leading from Little Smeaton to Darrington, in the County of York, as is within the Township of Stapleton; and for shutting up and discontinuing a certain Footpath in the said Township.

39. An act for continuing and amending an act of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from the North End of Famhurst Lane to the City of Chichester, and from Chichester aforesaid to Delkey, in the County of Sussex.

40. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads between the Horse Shoe House in Stoke Goldington, in the County of Buckingham, and the Town of Northampton, and from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the said County of Buckingham, to the said Horse Shot House.

41. An act for making and maintaining a Road from Lockwood to Meltham, and a Branch of Road to Meltham Mills, all in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York.

42. An act for more effectually repairing and improring the Road between Warrington and Lower Irlam, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

43. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from Studley Bridge, through the Borough of Chippenham, to Pickwick, and from the East End of Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton, and from the East End of the said Bridge to join the Road at Draycot Cerne, in the County of Wilts.

44. An act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Poole; and also for repairing other Roads in and near the said Town, and from Cranborne to Coombe, with Two Branches to the Great Western Road, in the Counties of Dorset and Wilts.

45. An act for continuing and amending an act of His late Majesty, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Wincanton, and the Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somerset, Wilts and Dorset.

46. An act for amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Establishment of Chapels in the East, West and Wildmore Fens in the County of Lincoln.

47. An act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Fifty second and Fifty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for inclosing the Forest of Delamere in the County of Chester.

48. An act for increasing the Fund for carrying into Extent several Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Drain of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned; and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse in the County of Norfolk and of the several Rivers communicating therewith.

49. An act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining and preserving certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing a certain Act therein mentioned.

50. An act for draining and improving Lands in the Parishes of Bray White, Waltham, Shottesbrook, Lawrence Waltham, Binfield, Ruscomb, Wargrave, Remenham and Hurley, in the County of Berks, and the Liberties of Whistley and Broad Hinton, in the Parish of Hurst in the Counties of Berks and Wilts.

51. An act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the City and County of the City of Exeter.

52. An act to alter and amend an act for erecting and maintaining a Bridewell, Gaol, Court House and Public Offices, for the Burgh of Paisley and County of Renfrew.

53. An act for enlarging the Parish Church and Church Yard of Southminster in the County of Essex.

54. An act for cleaning, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Sheffield in the County of York.

55. An act for lighting with Gas the City of Bath and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and that Part of the Parish of Walcot which lies without the Liberties of Bath, and the Parish of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset; and for constructing Gasometers and other Works therein, and in the Parish of Weston in the said County.

56. An act for lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the Borough of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

57. An act for lighting with Gas the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

58. An act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint Giles, Reading, in the County of Berks, and a Room for the Use of the Minister in performing the Burial Service; and for stopping up one of the Footpaths over the present Church Yard of the said Parish.

59. An act for better paving, cleaning, lighting, watching and improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Places and Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues within the Freedom and Royalty thereof; and for supplying the Inhabitants of the said City with Water.

60. An act for rendering more effectual several Acts of His present Majesty for draining certain Low Lands on both Sides of the River Witham, and in Wildmore Fen, and in the West and East Fens, and other Low Lands adjoining or contiguous thereto, in the County of Lincoln.

61. An act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, and Works connected therewith, in the Bay of Portnassock, at Kirkmaiden, within the Barony of Logan, in the County of Wigton.

62. An act to amend the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basins, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue within the Port of London.

63. An act for making a Railway from the Hay Railway near Eardisley, in the County of Hereford, to the Lime Works near Burlinjob, in the County of Radnor.

64. An act for lighting with Gas the University and City of Oxford, and the Suburbs of the said City.

65. An act for lighting with Gas the Town and Parish of Sheffield in the County of York.

66. An act for lighting with Gas the Port and Town of Liverpool, and Township of Toxteth Park, in the County of Lancaster.

67. An act for lighting the City and Suburbs of Edinburgh, and Places adjacent, with Gas.

68. An act for enabling the Southwark Bridge Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to amend the Acts for building the said Bridge.

69. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Bramley in the County of Surrey, to Ridgewick in the County of Sussex.

70. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Ulverstone to Kendal, into the Turnpike Road leading from Millthorp to Kendal, and a Continuation of the said Road from the last mentioned Turnpike Road to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lancaster to Kendal.

71. An act for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright; for repairing the Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein; and for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the said Stewartry.

72. An act for repairing the Road from Chipping Campden, in the County of Gloucester, to Clifford Side Gate in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick.

73. An act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from Basingstoke, through Popham Lane, Sutton Scotney and Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts.

74. An act to alter and amend an act passed in the Forty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for raising a Fund for making Provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty's Signet in Scotland.

75. An act to explain and amend an act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Kidwelly, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal or Tram roads in Kidwelly and Llanelly, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen; and to alter and enlarge the Powers thereof.

76. An act to continue the Term, and to amend, alter and enlarge the Powers of an act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing an act of the Twenty fifth Year of His said present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Stone's End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of Sussex, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for making a New Road from Kennington Lane to Camberwell Green in the said County of Surrey.

77. An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, for draining, dividing and inclosing a Common called Crowland Common, otherwise Goggushland, and certain Open Half Year’s Meadow, Commonable and Waste Grounds, called The Washes and Fodder Lots, in, adjoining or near the Township of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln.

78. An act for repairing, widening and improving the Lower Road leading from the Town of Greenwich to the Town of Woolwich, in the County of Kent.

79. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Four Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to, through and from the Town of Monmouth; and for making Two Pieces of Road to communicate therewith.

80. An act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Report Office of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office; and for making further Provision for the Clerks in the said Office.

81. An act for paving the Footways, and cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets in the Town of Monmouth.

82. An act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road at or near Beckhampton, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Wilts.

83. An act for lighting the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, with Gas.

84. An act for lighting with Gas the City of Worcester, and the Liberties, Precincts and Suburbs thereof; and those Parts of the several Parishes of Saint Peter the Great, Saint Martin, Saint Michael in Bedwardine, Saint John in Bedwardine, Claines and Saint Clement, which lie contiguous to but without the Liberties of the said City, and in the County of Worcester.

85. An act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Monmouth with Water.

86. An act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Township of Pendleton, and Parish of Eccles, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

87. An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sussex.

