Local Acts passed in 1819, 60 George 3 c.1 - c.128.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1819.
---

1. An act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads therein respectively mentioned and described, in the County of York; so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the South west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, through Knaresborough, to Boroughbridge.

2. An act for lighting with Gas the City of Bristol, and certain Parishes adjacent thereto.

3. An act for regulating the Police of the Burgh of Colton and Village and Lands of Mile End, in the County of Lanark; paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets and Passages of the said District; and for erecting a Court House, Gaol, and a Bridewell or Workhouse therein.

4. An act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Eighteenth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Maiden Newton, in the County of Dorset, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somerset and Dorset.

5. An act to incorporate for a further Term the Governor and Company of the British Plate Glass Manufacture.

6. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near Nottingham, to St. Mary's Bridge in Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry.

7. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hill, and from thence to Basingstoke and Odiham, and from Odiham to the Great Western Road at Bartley Heath in the County of Southampton; and also from Odiham aforesaid to a Place called the Bull Inn, in the Parish of Swallowfield, in the County of Wilts, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke aforesaid.

8. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Road from Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and other Roads in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Road called The Abingdon District.

9. An act for abolishing the payment of certain Tolls called Ingates and Outgates, collected at the several Entrances into the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, and of certain Tolls and Stallage now payable in the Markets and Fairs there, and for granting other Tolls and Stallage in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the said Markets and Fairs.

10. An act for more effectually making, straightening, repairing and improving the Road from near the Town of Lewes to Polegate, in the Parish of Hailsham, and from thence to Eastbourne, and from Polegate to Hailsham Common, in the County of Sussex.

11. An act for altering, amending and extending the Provisions of an act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and altering the Parish Church of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, and for making further Provision for the Rector of the said Parish, and for improving the Church Yard thereof.

12. An act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kighley to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

13. An act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or from near the City of Carlisle, to the Solway Frith, at or near Fisher's Cross, in the Parish of Bowness, in the County of Cumberland.

14. An act to enable the Justices of Peace for the County of Brecon to take down the present County Bridge over the River Usk, and to build Two new Bridges over the Rivers Senny and Usk in lieu thereof.

15. An act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Annuities or otherwise, for the purpose of erecting a Workhouse for the Use of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex.

16. An act to enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets and other public Places within the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, and better supplying the Inhabitants with Water; and for watching the said Town, and making public Wharfs therein.

17. An act for lighting with Gas the Town and Parish of Cheltenham and Precincts thereof, in the County of Gloucester.

18. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Toll House Beck, in the Township of Ireby, in the County of Lancaster, to Kirkby Lonsdale and Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, and through Kirkby Lonsdale to Milnthorp in the said County.

19. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Place called Morton's Corner, in the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, to the East End of Abington Street, in the Town of Northampton.

20. An act to alter and enlarge the Powers of The Gas Light and Coke Company, and to amend Three Acts of His present Majesty relating to the said Company.

21. An act for lighting, watching and cleansing Long Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and the Streets, Lanes, Passages and Places contiguous or adjoining thereto within the same Parish.

22. An act for providing that the several Highways within the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, shall he repaired by the Inhabitants of the respective Townships within which the same are situate.

23. An act for subjecting certain Streets and Places within and adjacent to the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, called Optional Streets, to the same Rates for paving, cleansing and lighting as the other Streets and Places within the said Parish; and for altering, so far as relates to the said Parish, certain Acts for paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent.

24. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Alconbury Hill to Wansford Bridge, and from Norman Cross to Peterborough Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon.

25. An act for repairing the Road from Skelton's Lane in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, to a House formerly called The Spread Eagle in the Hamlet of Stratton, in the Parish of Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford.

26. An act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers granted by an act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the same into effect.

27. An act to alter and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for making further Provision for certain Officers of the High Court of Chancery.

28. An act for establishing an Assay Office in the City of Glasgow.

29. An act for altering and amending an act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian Road near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling.

30. An act for improving the Lighthouse on the Isle of Anglesea, belonging to the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks, and for further amending the Acts relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool.

31. An act to enable the Commissioners for improving the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, to raise more Money for completing the said Harbour and the Works thereto belonging.

32. An act for supplying with Water the Town of Burnley, and a certain Part of the Township of Habergham Eaves, both in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

33. An act to alter and amend an act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for erecting and maintaining a New Court House and other Offices for the City and County of Aberdeen, and for providing and maintaining an additional Gaol for the said City and County, and for other purposes relating thereto.

34. An act for paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

35. An act for building a new Church in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for other purposes relating thereto.

36. An act for repairing and enlarging the Church of the Parish of Mitcham, in the County of Surrey, and providing an additional Burial Ground thereto.

37. An act for defraying the Expences incurred in taking down, rebuilding and enlarging the Chapel of Saint Hilds, in the Parish of Jarrow, in the County Palatine of Durham.

38. An act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Parish of Boston, in the County of Lincoln.

39. An act for establishing a Select Vestry in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for other purposes relating thereto.

40. An act for lighting the City of Carlisle, and the Suburbs thereof, with Gas.

41. An act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Kettering to the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton.

42. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester.

43. An act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of the Reign of His late and present Majesty, for amending several Roads therein mentioned, so far as relate to the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge in the County of Flint; and for making a new Branch of Road from the said Road at a Place near Abermorddu to Mold, in the said County of Flint.

44. An act for repairing and improving the Trowbridge Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset.

45. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to the Road leading from Kingsdown to Bath Easton, in the County of Somerset.

46. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to Alcester, in the County of Warwick.

47. An act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of Hertford.

48. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Harnham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, through Blandford and Dorchester, to Askerwell Hill; and from Harnham Hill aforesaid, to a House called Master Baker's Farmhouse, in the Counties of Wilts and Dorset.

49. An act for repairing the Road from Bromsgrove in the County of Worcester to Birmingham in the County of Warwick.

50. An act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Atcham to Condover and Dorrington, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Salop.

51. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Clitheroe to Whalley, and from thence to Blackburn and Mellor Brook, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making a Branch of Road between Blackburn and Whalley.

52. An act for continuing and amending an act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Dorset, passing through or near the Town of Yeovil; and for repairing the Road from Mudford Bridge to Marston Elm, in the said County of Somerset.

53. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York.

54. An act for reviving and continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Edghill in the County of Warwick.

55. An act for improving the Harbour of Bude, in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said Harbour of Bude to or near the Village of Thornbury, in the County of Devon, and divers Branches therefrom, all in the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

56. An act for more effectually maintaining and amending the Road from Crossford Bridge to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

57. An act for more effectually making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads in the County of Elgin; and for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said County, for repairing the Highways and Bridges therein.

58. An act for more effectually making, amending and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the Counties of Durham and Berwick, and Liberties of Berwick upon Tweed; for repairing and maintaining certain other Roads therein mentioned; and for improving the Entrance to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

59. An act for continuing, altering and enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts for making and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Lanark, Ayr and Renfrew, and building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Dalmarnock, and for making and maintaining a Road from the Confines of the County of Ayr towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries.

60. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an act of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and several Roads communicating therewith; for transferring the Road from Wormelow Tump to Harewood, from the Madley to the Hereford District, and for making a new Road from the Tuft Wood, in the Parish of Hentland, to the Confines of the Parish of Ganerew, in the County of Hereford, as a Third District.

61. An act for raising further Sums of Money for building and supporting the Meath Hospital and County of Dublin Infirmary.

62. An act for amending several Acts of His present Majesty, relating to the Coventry Canal Navigation.

63. An act for repairing and altering, and taking down and rebuilding, certain Parts of the Parish Church of Saint John the Baptist, Peterborough, in the County of Northampton.

64. An act to alter and amend the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the Lancaster Canal Navigation.

65. An act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for providing additional Burial Ground, and for equalising the Church Rates in the said Parish, and other purposes.

66. An act for altering and amending the several Acts passed for making a Canal from the Grand Junction Canal, in the Parish of Paddington, to the River Thames, in the Parish of Limehouse, in the County of Middlesex.

67. An act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An act for supplying the City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Water.

68. An act for better supplying the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, with Gas.

69. An act for enabling the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the City of Gloucester to light the said City with Gas, and to enter into the necessary Contracts for that Purpose.

70. An act to provide for the Election of Trustees of the Royal Exchange, Dublin.

71. An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating and improving the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme.

72. An act for altering and amending an act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting and cleansing the City of Perth, and for maintaining Police and good Order within the said City.

73. An act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for vesting the sole Management thereof in the Vestrymen of the said Parishes, and a Committee of the Inhabitants thereof.

74. An act for paving, lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon.

75. An act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Romford, in the Liberty of Havering atte Bower, in the County of Essex.

76. An act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving certain low Lands and Grounds, lying in the several Parishes of Congresbury, Puxton, Winscombe, Banwell, Churchill, Kewstoke, Week Saint Lawrence, and Yatton, in the County of Somerset.

77. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an act of His present Majesty for draining, inclosing and improving the Lands called Borough Fen Common, and the Four Hundred Acre Common, in the County of Northampton, and for forming the same into a Parish, to be called Newborough, and for building and endowing a Church for such Parish.

78. An act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen loads and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam otherwise Grant, West; and the Hardlands of Bottisham, Swaffham Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, East; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

79. An act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned; and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating therewith.

80. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Bradford to Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

81. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road to branch off from the Great North Road at the South End of Barnsdale through Pontefract, and from thence to a certain Place called Thwaite Gate, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

82. An act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and for repairing several other Roads in the said County, communicating with the Roads comprised in the said Acts.

83. An act for making and maintaining a Road from Marlborough, to the present Turnpike Road at or near Coate, in the Parish of Liddington, in the County of Wilts.

84. An act to continue and amend Three Acts for repairing the Roads from Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Oxford District of the said Roads.

85. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Runcorn to Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester.

86. An act for more effectually repairing and approving the Road from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury and to Shreyhill, and other Roads in the County of Salop.

87. An act for making and maintaining a Road from the Tunstall and Bosley Turnpike Road at Gillow Hollow, in the Parish of Biddulph, in the County of Stafford, to Park Lane, communicating with the Congleton and Leek Turnpike Road, near Dane-in-shaw Bridge in the County of Chester, with a Branch to the said Tunstall and Bosley Turnpike Road at Lich Lane, in the said Parish of Biddulph.

88. An act for repairing, widening, improving and maintaining in Repair the several Roads leading to and from the Town of Bridport, and for making a new Line of Road to communicate with the same.

89. An act for repairing and improving several Roads leading to and from the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilts; and for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon, at Stokeford, in the said County.

90. An act for altering and amending Two Acts passed in the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the City of Carlisle.

91. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Huddersfield to Penifone, in the County of York.

92. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts relating to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harewood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York.

93. An act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywood, to a Place called the Land's End in Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

94. An act for amending the Road from Tadcaster to Holton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York. 754.

95. An act for repairing, widening and improving the several Roads round the City of Bristol, and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the same.

96. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford and Salop, to far as relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing another Road in the said Counties of Stafford and Salop, or one of them.

97. An act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Tenterden to the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent; and for making a new Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with the Town of Biddenden, in the said County.

98. An act for further continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Seventeenth Year and Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelly, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh and Salop; and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh.

99. An act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Brown's Lane is Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Post near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in the Kimbolton, to the Way Post near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Northampton.

100. An act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Faringdon, in the County of Barks.

101. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, paged in the Seventeenth and Thirty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bedford to Woburn, and also the Road branching out of the same in Kempston Field, in the County at Bedford.

102. An act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an act of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex.

103. An act to alter and amend an act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Harbour of Dundee, in the County of Forfar.

104. An act for giving further Powers to the Company of Proprietors of Portsmouth and Arundel Navigation, and to the Company of Proprietors of the Wey and Arun Junction Canal, and to confirm an Agreement entered into between the said Companies.

105. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to make a Navigable Cut, and also a Collateral Branch or Railway, from their said Canal at Hennis Bridge near Wigan, to join the Duke of Bridgewater's Canal at Leigh, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to amend the Several Acts relating to the said Leeds and Liverpool Canal, and an act for making the Rochdale Canal, so far as relates to certain Powers therein given to the late Duke of Bridgewater.

106. An act to explain and amend an act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing an act of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for the more effectual Preservation and further Improvement of the same River, Port and Haven.

107. An act to establish a Company for lighting the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme with Gas.

108. An act to repeal Part of an act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, aid otherwise regulating the Ponce of the Town of Dumfries.

109. An act for more effectually improving and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin, to Navan, in the County of Meath.

110. An act for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the County of Dumfries, and the other Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein; and for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said County.

111. An act to vary and alter certain Acts of His present Majesty, relating to the Grand Junction Canal, the Grand Junction Water Works, and the Regents Canal, in order to effect an Exchange of Water, for the better Supply of the Regents Canal Navigation and Grand Junction Water Works.

112. An act for amending an act of His present Majesty, respecting the Application of certain Surplus Monies paid for measuring, searching and sealing Woollen Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York.

113. An act for erecting, improving, regulating and maintaining Ferries and Passages across the River Tay, in the Counties of Fife and Forfar.

114. An act for repairing and improving, or rebuilding the Church at Barnsley, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for improving and enlarging the Church Yard and Burial Grounds thereof.

115. An act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Crabtree, in the Parish of Egg Buckland, in the County of Devon, to communicate with the Prison of War on the Forest of Dartmoor, in the Parish of Lydford, in the said County.

116. An act for more effectually supplying the City of Edinburgh and Places adjacent with Water.

117. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Cranstonhill Water Works to improve their Works.

118. An act for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex, and supplying the same with Water.

119. An act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts for paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes and other Places in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management of Parochial Committees, subject to the Controul of Commissioners; and for other Purposes, as far as the same relate to a Street and Pastage, called Holborn and Middle Row, in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex.

120. An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, planting and otherwise improving Edwardes Square, Earl's Terrace, Leonard Place, Edwardes Place, Kensington Place East, and Kensington Place West, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbott's, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex.

121. An act to repeal so much of an act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Monmouth, as relates to the Pont Pool and Usk Districts of Road, and for granting other Powers in lieu thereof, and for making a new Branch of Road from the said Usk District.

122. An act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an act of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, through Kidlington, to the End of the Mileway in the City of Oxford.

123. An act for making and maintaining several Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Selkirk.

124. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as such Act relates to the Road from Stump Cross in the Parish of Didbrook, to Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester.

125. An act for authorising the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy to establish a Market at the Town of Pembroke Dock, in the County of Pembroke, and to make Regulations for the paving, lighting, cleansing and good Order of the said Town.

126. An act to rebuild Windsor Bridge, in the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks; and to improve the Avenues thereto.

127. An act to alter and amend an act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An act to repeal the Acts now in force relating to Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and to prevent the Adulteration of Meal, Flour and Bread, and to regulate the Weights of Bread within the same Limits.

128. An act for amending and keeping in repair the Mail Coach Road leading from Banbridge in the County of Down, to Belfast, in the County of Antrim.

