Local Acts passed in 1820, 1 George 4 c.1 - c.90.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1820.
---

1. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Roads therein described, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading from Ferrybridge, through Wetherby, to Borough bridge, in the County of York.

2. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Knaresborough to Green Hammerton, in the County of York

3. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from the Moot Hall, in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brassington; and from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at or near to the Steeple House in Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby.

4. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, Two Acts, of the Fifty ninth and Sixtieth Years of His late Majesty, for regulating the Weight and Sale of Bread.

5. An Act for repealing an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for making a Harbour in the Cove of Beer, in the County of Devon, and for granting more effectual Powers for effecting the Purpose aforesaid.

6. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk.

7. An Act for regulating the Repairs of the Bridges in the County of Montgomery.

8. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford.

9. An Act for lighting with Gas the Borough of Derby.

10. An Act for incorporating the City of Gloucester Gas Light Company.

11. An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Norwich, and County of the same City.

12. An Act for repealing an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for paving and improving the Parish of Saint Clement, in the Town and Port of Hastings, in the County of Sussex, and for granting other and more effectual Powers in lieu thereof; for paving and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish and the Parish of All Saints, and that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary in the Castle which is situate within the Liberties of the said Town and Port.

13. An Act for reviving, extending and varying the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for making and widening certain Streets, Passages and Places in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for several other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and also for further improving the said Town.

14. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road leading out of the Highway from Wigan to Golborn and Warrington, into the Road from Wigan to Ashton, in Ashton in Mackerfield, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

15. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed for amending the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodside Ferry in the County of Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making a Diversion in some Part of the said Roads.

16. An Act fpr making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Cheltenham to join the present Turnpike Road from Cheltenham to Painswick, at or near to Prinknash Park Wall, in the County of Gloucester.

17. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hulmes Chapel in the County Palatine of Chester, to the South Bridge in Chelford, in the said County.

18. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kirkby Kendall in the County of Westmoreland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster.

19. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cheadle to Quickshill Bank, and from Bears Brook to Rocester in the County of Stafford; and for making a new Road from Denston to Rocester in the said County.

20. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from near Lightpill Gate, in the Parish of Rodborough, to near Birdlip, in the Parishes of Brimpsfield and Cowley, or one of them, all in the County of Gloucester.

21. An Act to improve certain Parts of the Line of Road between the Borough of Plymouth and the City of Exeter, through Ashburton and Chudleigh, in the County of Devon.

22. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to Stanford; and from Stanford to Bourn, in the County of Lincoln.

23. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, and also from Spittle House to Scarborough aforesaid, all in the County of York.

24. An Act to continue and amend Three Acts, passed in the Second, Twenty second and Thirty ninth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts.

25. An Act to continue the Term, and to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts for repairing the Roads from Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through Nether Knutsford, to Altrincham, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County Palatine of Chester.

26. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Greenhead through Haltwhistle, Hexham and Corbridge, to the Military Road near Shildon Bar, and for making a Branch Road from Corbridge to Heddon-on-the- Wall, all in the County of Northumberland; and for altering the Line of a certain Part of the said first mentioned Road.

27. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His late Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Stonehaven, through the Slug Mount, to the new Bridge over the River Dee at Cobleheugh, in the County of Kincardine.

28. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or nearly from the Town of Stockport in the County Palatine of Chester, to or near unto the Town of Warrington in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and a Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

29. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from or near Whiteburn in the County of Berwick, to the Town of Kelso in the County of Roxburgh.

30. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to the Church Lane near Ryton Lane Head, and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Dilston Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and other Roads therein described; and also for altering the Line of a certain Part of the first above mentioned Road.

31. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and amending the Powers of Two Acts for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to Bishops Waltham; and from Wickham aforesaid to Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, all in the County of Southampton.

32. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Districts of Malmesbury Turnpike Roads, and other Roads connected therewith, in the Counties of Wilts, Berks and Gloucester.

33. An Act for amending, diverting, altering, straightening, improving, completing and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Ludlow and elsewhere, in the County of Salop.

34. An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the said County of Hereford.

35. An Act for maintaining navigable the River Ure, and its collateral Cuts, from its Junction with the River Swale, to the Borough of Ripon in the County of York.

36. An Act for completing and maintaining the Harbour, Quay or Pier, at the Village of Goran Haven, in the Parish of Goran in the County of Cornwall.

37. An Act for the Regulation of the Corporation of the Masters and Assistants of the Trinity House of Leith.

38. An Act for repairing the Roads from Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshal's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County.

39. An Act to enable the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York, to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from and out of the said Navigation at Knottingley, to communicate with the River Ouze, near Goole, with Two Collateral Branches, all in the said Riding; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Navigation.

40. An Act for repairing or taking down and rebuilding the Bridge within the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset.

41. An Act for building Two new Churches or Chapels in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, commonly called Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

42. An Act for providing additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey.

43. An Act for lighting, watching, and cleansing the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

44. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing and widening the Roads from Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Duncton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex.

45. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, through Oswestry, in the County of Salop, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Merioneth; and for making several new Branches of Roads, to communicate with the said Roads, in the Counties of Salop, Montgomery and Denbigh.

46. An Act for widening and improving the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Town of Tenterden, through Wood-church, to Warehome, and the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Bethersden, through Woodchurch, to Appledore, in the County of Kent.

47. An Act for maintaining and repairing the Military Roads in the County of Perth, and the several Branches or Roads of Communication therewith connected.

48. An Act for altering and amending several Acts for making and maintaining the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

49. An Act to alter and amend several Acts for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames from the City of London to the opposite Bank in the County of Surrey.

50. An Act for taking down the old Bridge, and for erecting and maintaining a new Bridge, over the River Earn, in the Parish of Dunbarney and Shire of Perth.

51. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wensum, in the City of Norwich, at or near the Duke's Palace in the said City.

52. An Act for erecting a Ballast Office, and for regulating Pilots within the Port and Harbour of Cork; and for rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and Harbour for all Ships and Vessels trading to and from the same.

53. An Act for altering and amending an Act of His late Majesty, for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen employed upon the River Tyne, their Widows and Children, and for augmenting the said Fund.

54. An Act for making a Branch Railway or Tram Road from a Place called Crabtree, in the Parish of Egg Buckland, to certain Lime Works at a Place called Catdown, and from thence to Sutton Pool, in the Parish of Charles, all in the County of Devon, to communicate with the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway, at Crabtree aforesaid.

55. An Act for lighting the City and Suburbs of Dublin with Gas.

56. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Suburbs of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

57. An Act for lighting with Gas the Towns of Great and Little Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

58. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for building a Chapel of Ease in the Township of Pendleton and Parish of Eccles, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

59. An Act for uniting the Rectory and Vicarage of the Parish of Saint Dunstan in the West, in the City of London; and for making a certain Annual Payment to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu of Tithes.

60. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the Fiftieth and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for rebuilding the Theatre Royal Drury Lane.

61. An Act to amend, extend and render more effectual an Act of His late Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Bury Saint Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk.

62. An Act for lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town and Borough of Stockton, in the County of Durham.

63. An Act for warping and otherwise improving certain Moors, Commons, Wastes and other Low Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Whitgift and Snaith, in the West Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act for continuing and amending Four Acts of their late Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and certain Branches communicating therewith.

65. An Act for amending the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

66. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the Thirteenth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road leading from the High Street in the City of Rochester, to Maidstone, in the County of Kent.

67. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining several Roads, in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, Lanark and Perth.

68. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the West Riding of the County of York.

69. An Act for repairing and improving several Roads leading into and from Devizes, in the County of Wilts.

70. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts, of their Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for repairing the Roads from Hertford to Broadwater, and from Ware to Walkern, all in the County of Hertford.

71. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Longhorseley Bar, near the Town of Morpeth, by Longhorseley, Weldon Bridge and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Piercys Cross, in the County of Northumberland.

72. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for making a Road from Swindon to Knighton, and from Liddington to Burderop, in the County of Wilts.

73. An Act for repairing the Road from Towcester through Brackley, in the County of Northampton, to Western Gate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford.

74. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh.

75. An Act for increasing the Rates on Goods and Commodities conveyed on the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton.

76. An Act for erecting a Bridewell for the County of Lanark and City of Glasgow.

77. An Act for erecting a New Sessions House and House of Correction at Ely in the Isle of Ely, and for reimbursing to the Inhabitants of a Part of the said Isle, the Charges of a Sessions House and House of Correction lately erected at Wisbech in the said Isle.

78. An Act for removing the Markets held within the City of Exeter, and for providing another Market Place or other Market Places in lieu thereof.

79. An Act for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Somersham, to the Crown Inn in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stock's Bridge, through Needingworth, to Hermitage Bridge in the Parish of Earith, in the County of Huntingdon.

80. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His Majesty King George the Second, and of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon.

81. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for amending the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Asthall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks.

82. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Fortieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in Witney, to the Road on Sweford Heath, and the Road leading from the Road from Woodstock to Birmingham, through Charlbury, to the Road from Chipping Norton to Burford, all in the County of Oxford.

83. An Act to explain and amend an Act for amending and consolidating several Acts for making and repairing Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr.

84. An Act for making and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton.

85. An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading through the Parishes of Nairn and Auldearn, in the County of Nairn; and for converting and regulating the Statute Labour of the said County.

86. An Act for erecting Two distinct Rectories within the Rectory and Parish of Tilehurst, in the County of Berks.

87. An Act for supplying the Town of Peterhead, in the County of Aberdeen, with Water; and for better lighting, paving, and otherwise improving the Streets, Roads and Avenues within and leading to and from the said Town.

88. An Act for amending an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, relating to the Conversion of the Statute Labour within the Royalty of Glasgow; and another Act of His said late Majesty, relating to the Sale of Live Cattle in the City of Glasgow; and for opening certain Streets and otherwise improving the said City.

89. An Act to extend and amend an Act, passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, to enable Peltro William Tomkins Engraver, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, and the Lease of the Premises called The British Gallery of Pictures, by way of Lottery.

90. An Act to continue the Term of and amend an Act of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dundalk, in the County of Louth, to Bannbridge, in the County of Down, so far as relates to the Southern Division of the said Road.

