Local Acts passed in 1821, 1 & 2 George 4 c.1 - c.128.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1821.
---

1. An act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from the Town of Tadcaster to the Town of Otley, in the County of York.

2. An act to enable His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Northumberland, to build a Common Gaol, House of Correction and Sessions House for the said County, with suitable, convenient and proper Offices, and other Accommodations to the same respectively; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

3. An act for lighting with Gas the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, and the Liberties, Precincts and Suburbs thereof.

4. An act to enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty, for lighting with Gas the City of Bristol, and certain Parishes adjacent thereto, by enabling the Bristol Gas Light Company to raise a further Sum of Money for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution.

5. An act for amending and repairing the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York,

6. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Bridge over a Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, near the Clay Pitts, in the County of Gloucester, and for extending the Powers thereof to the Entrance of the City of Gloucester.

7. An act for amending and repairing the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, to Hutton Moor, and through Ainderby Quemhow and Nosterfield, to Masham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

8. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County.

9. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Narborough; and from the said Borough of Leicester to the Town of Earl Shilton, and from the said Town of Earl Shilton to the Town of Hinckley, in the said County.

10. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Summerrod's Bar, near Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to Alston, in the County of Cumberland.

11. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of King George the Second, and of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the High Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge in the County of York.

12. An act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads, leading to and from the City or Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and watering the said Roads, and the Streets, Lanes and Public Passages within the said City or Borough, the Liberty of Saint Andrew, and Suburbs of the said City or Borough; and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances thereon.

13. An act for repairing the Roads from Stratford upon Avon in the County of Warwick, through Alcester and Feckenham, to Bradley Brook in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the same Counties.

14. An act for more effectually making, repairing and improving the Roads from the Town of Lewes through Offham to Witch Cross, from the Cliffs near Lewes aforesaid through Uckfield to Witch Cross aforesaid, and from the Cliffe aforesaid to Burwash, all in the County of Sussex.

15. An act for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads from Liverpool to Prescot, Ashton and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

16. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers granted by Two Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Skipton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Ockbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York.

17. An act for continuing and amending Four Acts of Their late Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for repairing the Roads leading from Wades Mill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County.

18. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Hurdlow House, through Buxton in the County of Derby, and Stockport in the County Palatine of Chester, to Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties.

19. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Town of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset.

20. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from Denbigh to Saint Asaph, and from thence to Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint.

21. An act to enable the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, in the County of Middlesex, to effectuate the building of Four District Churches in the said Parish, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

22. An act for establishing a proper Place for holding Markets and Fairs for the Sale of Live Stock in the City of Gloucester, and the Suburbs thereof, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto, and for watching and otherwise improving the said City.

23. An act for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour of the County of Sutherland, and for more effectually making and maintaining Roads therein, to which the Statute Labour is applicable, and increasing the Amount of Bridge Money leviable within the same.

24. An act for repealing an Act of the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, for providing an additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for building a new Parish Church and Chapel for the said Parish.

25. An act for more effectually repairing and widening the Road from Basingstoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Hurstbourne Priors, Andover and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterslow, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads in the County of Southampton.

26. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Milestone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County.

27. An act for more effectually making, repairing and improving the Road from near the Place where the Broil Park Gate formerly stood to the Horsebridge Turnpike Road on the Dicker, and from the Blacksmith's Shop in Horsebridge Street to the Town of Battle, in the County of Sussex.

28. An act to consolidate an Act for making and repairing the Road leading from the North Queensferry in the County of Fife to the City of Perth and to the Town of Dunfermline, with an Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Fife, Kinross, Perth and Clackmannan.

29. An act for continuing the Term, and amending, altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for more effectually repairing the Road from Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham.

30. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide Poet on the Foss Road, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham.

31. An act for repairing and improving the Road from Skipton, in the County of York, to Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster.

32. An act for continuing and amending Three Acts of Their late Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for repairing the Road from Newport, in the County of Salop, to Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the County of Stafford.

33. An act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road, to or near Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex.

34. An act for repairing and maintaining the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littleworth, and by Frognall to James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, and thence to Maxey Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining the High Road there.

35. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to the Road from Alfold Bars, in the County of Surrey, to Newbridge, in the County of Sussex.

36. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Brokencross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby, and certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road; and for making a new Road from The Waters in Macclesfield to Buxton aforesaid.

37. An act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

38. An act for repairing the Road from the Town of Athy, in the County of Kildare, through the Town of Castlecomer, in the County of Kilkenny, to the City of Kilkenny, and from the Town of Castlecomer to the Town of Leighlin Bridge, in the County of Carlow, and from the Town of Carlow to the said Town of Castlecomer.

39. An act to continue the Term, and to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge in Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch in the County of Leicester; and also the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church, to Rempstone, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham.

40. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and amending the Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road leading from the High Street in the City of Rochester, to Maidstone, in the County of Kent; and for amending and improving the Road branching from the said Road at the Bridgewood Gates, and running into the Town of Chatham, in the said County of Kent.

41. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Ticehurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the said County.

42. An act for extending the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for constructing an Harbour in Mount's Bay, in the County of Cornwall.

43. An act to remove Doubts as to the Power of the Commissioners of Exchequer Bills to advance a further Sum of Money to the Regent's Canal Company, and to amend the Acts for making the said Canal.

44. An act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the River Tees at Stockton, to Wittan Park Colliery, with several Branches therefrom, all in the County of Durham.

45. An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and certain Places adjacent thereto.

46. An act for improving the Navigation of the River Dun, and for altering the Course thereof, by making certain new Cuts or Canals from the same; and for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers granted to the River Dun Company, by several Acts relating to the said Navigation.

47. An act to alter and amend several Acts passed for more effectually supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for further extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts.

48. An act to continue the Term and amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty, for paving, lighting and cleansing the Streets, and for regulating the Police of the City of Glasgow.

49. An act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed In the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies within the said City, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln.

50. An act for incorporating the City of Coventry Gas Light Company.

51. An act for incorporating the South London Gas Light and Coke Company, situate in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey.

52. An act for lighting with Gas the Turnpike Road from Whitechapel Church in the County of Middlesex, to certain Dwelling Houses erected and being beyond the Four Mile Stones upon the Ilford and Woodford Roads in the County of Essex.

53. An act for more effectually making, maintaining and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen, and in the Counties of Banff and Kincardine.

54. An act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the County of York, and from Mosbrough Green to Clown, both in the said County of Derby; and also for widening and altering certain Parts of the said Roads, and making and maintaining certain Branches of Road communicating therewith.

55. An act to repeal certain Parts of, and to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey.

56. An act to continue the Term, and altar and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, for repairing the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton.

57. An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, and Places adjacent.

58. An act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for paving, lighting and watching the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop; and for granting other Powers in lieu thereof.

59. An act to repeal Two Acts made in the Forty third and Forty ninth Years of His late Majesty, for paving the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex, and establishing a Market therein, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; for erecting Groyns, for laying a Duty on Coals imported into the said Town, and for other Purposes relating to the Improvement of the said Town.

60. An act for erecting the Town of Airdrie, in the County of Lanark, into a Burgh of Barony, paving, lighting and improving the same, and establishing a Police therein.

61. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation to subscribe a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Navigation.

62. An act for giving further Powers to the Company of Proprietors of the River Arun Navigation, and for confirming certain Agreements entered into between the said Company and the Company of Proprietors of the Portsmouth and Arundell Navigation.

63. An act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Stratford upon Avon in the County of Warwick, to Moreton in Marsh in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch to Shipston upon Stour in the County of Worcester.

64. An act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned, and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, and of the several rivers communicating therewith.

65. An act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Brecon to rebuild, repair and take down Bridges within the said County, not being County Bridges.

66. An act for enabling the Proprietors of the Commercial Buildings, in the Town of Belfast, to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, and for the Regulation of the said Buildings, and the Property thereof.

67. An act for better assessing and collecting the Poor's Rates and relieving the Poor of the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes relating thereto; and for authorizing the Sale of the Dust and Ashes to arise within such Parts of the said Parish as are not included in the Hans Town District; for the Application of the Money to arise by such Sale; apd for better collecting the Composition for the Repairs of the Highways of the said Parish.

68. An act for better lighting and for watching the City of Chichester, and Places adjacent.

69. An act for supplying the Towns of Old and New Brentford, and the Villages of Tumham Green, Hammersmith and Kensington in the County of Middlesex, with Gas.

70. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for the enlightening the Streets, Lanes and Passages within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

71. An act for incorporating the Town of Dudley Gas Light Company.

72. An act to light and otherwise improve the Streets and other Public Passages and Places within the Hamlet of Mile End Old Town, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan, Stepney, otherwise Stebonheath, in the County of Middlesex.

73. An act for incorporating the Town of Portsea Gas Light Company.

74. An act for supplying the Parish of All Saints, Poplar, in the County of Middlesex, with Gas.

75. An act for lighting the Town of Barnsley, in the West Riding of the County of York, with Gas.

76. An act for lighting with Gas the Town and Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk.

77. An act for providing an Increase of the Annual Income of the London Institution.

78. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road leading from the South End of the Moor Lane, in the Township of Great Bolton, into the Turnpike Road from Manchester to Wigan, near Westhoughton Chapel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

79. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to Shaldon, and from the said Bridge to Torquay, in the County of Devon; and to alter the Line of certain Parts of the said Roads.

80. An act for repealing an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for improving the Road from Manchester to Bolton, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster, so far as relates to the Moses Gate District of Road therein mentioned; and for granting further and more effectual Powers instead thereof; and for repairing and improving the said District of Roads, and making a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said District of Road.

81. An act for repairing the Road from Birmingham through Stratford upon Avon to Stratford Bridge, in the County of Warwick.

82. An act for repairing Part of the great Road from Gloucester to Bristol, and certain Roads through and near the Towns of Berkeley, Dursley, Wotton under Edge and Stroud, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

83. An act for repairing the Roads from Tetbury to Symondshall, from Frocester Hill to Dunkirk, and from the Latterwood to Nailsworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester.

84. An act for repairing the Road from Alemouth through Alnwick and Rothbury to Hexham, and a Branch from the said Road between Alnwick and Rothbury to Jockey's Dike Bridge, all in the County of Northumberland.

85. An act for amending and more effectually repairing the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Buckingham.

86. An act to continue and amend Two Acts, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road near the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County.

87. An act for enlarging, explaining and continuing certain Acts of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing and keeping in repair the Road from Parkhouse to or near the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanark.

88. An act for amending and keeping in repair the several Roads leading to and from the late Market House in Stourbridge in the County of Worcester, and also several other Roads leading from and connected with the said Roads, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

89. An act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of.Bewdley, in the County of Worcester to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively.

90. An act for making a Road from Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to or near a certain House, known by the Sign of The Bull and Wharf, in the Township of Little Bolton, in the said County.

91. An act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads connected therewith, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford and Salop.

92. An act for repairing and maintaining several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads adjoining thereto, in the said County, and in the County of Worcester.

93. An act to continue the Term and alter and amend the Powers of Two Acts, for repairing the Road from Elsdon High Cross, near the Twn of Elsdon, in the County of Northumberland, to the Red Swyre, upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland.

94. An act for amending the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

95. An act to rectify Mistakes in the Titles of Two Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament, the One for continuing the Term of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham; and the other for repairing the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the said County of Nottingham, to join the Road in the said Act mentioned, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham.

96. An act for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the County of Salop, and for maintaining and supporting the same.

97. An act for incorporating the Company of Proprietors of the North Wilts Canal Navigation with the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation; and for repealing the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canals, and for consolidating the Powers and Provisions thereof in One Act of Parliament.

98. An act for more effectually enlarging, deepening, improving and maintaining the Harbour of Saltcoats, in the County of Ayr.

99. An act for improving and maintaining the Harbour, Pier or Cobb at the Port and Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset.

100. An act to alter and amend Three Acts, of the Fifty third, Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His late Majesty, for enabling Commissioners to erect and maintain a new Gaol and other Buildings for the County and City of Edinburgh, and for opening Communications with the same; and to enable the Trustees for Turnpike and other High Roads, in the said County of Edinburgh, to advance further Sums of Money to the said Commissioners.

101. An act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and several other Roads therein described, all in the County of Salop.

102. An act for building an additional Gaol for the County of Essex, and for enlarging, improving and altering the existing Prisons for the same County.

103. An act for making the Townships and Hamlets of Tarleton, and of Hesketh with Becconsall, in the Parish of Croston, and Part of the Rectory and Vicarage thereof, in the County of Lancaster, separate and distinct Parishes.

104. An act to alter and amend several Acts of His late Majesty's Reign, for paving, lighting and otherwise improving the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk.

105. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cley next the Sea, in the County of Norfolk; and for embanking and draining Parts of the said Lands, and Lands in the Parish of Wiveton, in the said County.

106. An act to continue and amend an Act of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dundalk, in the County of Louth, to Bannbridge, in the County of Down, so far as relates to the Northern Division of the said Road.

107. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Pondyards, in the County of Hertford.

108. An act for repairing, widening and maintaining several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill, to the Turnpike Road at the Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crevokheme, in the County of Somerset.

109. An act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts, so far as relates to the Roads from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Northleach, Burford, and Witney, to Camp field, and the Turnpike Road at or near Enslow Bridge, in the County of Oxford.

110. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading to Highgate Gate House and Hampstead, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Middlesex; and for watching, lighting and otherwise improving the said Roads.

111. An act for repairing and maintaining the Roads from Todmorden to Fulledge Lane End in Burnley, and to Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster, and to Kingcross, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York.

112. An act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Shoreditch Church through Hackney to Stamford Hill, in the County of Middlesex, and other Roads communicating therewith in the same County.

113. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty, for amending the Road from Swindon to Marlborough, and from Marlborough to the Village of Everley, in the County of Wilts, so far as relates to the Marlborough District of the said Road; and also to make a Branch from the said Road to join the present Turnpike Road leading from Andover to Devizes, in the said County.

114. An act for the Completion of the rebuilding of the Church or Chapel of the Parish of Saint Nicholas in Harwich, in the County of Essex.

115. An act to alter and amend an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An act to enable His Majesty to vest the Sands of Traeth Mawr, dividing the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, in William Alexander Madocks, Esquire; and for building Quays and other Works, for the Purpose of facilitating the landing, loading and unloading of Ships and Vessels frequenting the Harbour of Port Madoc, in the said County of Carnarvon.

116. An act for repealing the Laws relating to the Stamping, Straining and Searching of Woollen Cloth, within the West Riding of the County of York, and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the said Riding.

117. An act to establish an additional Company for lighting certain Parts of the Metropolis and Parts adjacent with Gas.

118. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Fifty third Year of His late Majesty, for improving the Communication between the County of Edinburgh and County of Fife, by the Ferries cross the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, and Kinghorn and Bruntisland.

119. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Eastern Branch of the Montgomeryshire Canal, to alter the Line of the Tannat Feeder, to make a Navigable Cut from the Guilsfield Branch to improve the same; and to amend Two several Acts respecting the said Canal.

120. An act for erecting a Bridge over the River Almond, which divides the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow.

121. An act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and improving the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester; and for regulating the Police thereof; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

122. An act for amending certain Acts, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian Road, near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling; and giving Power to borrow a further Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts.

123. An act for further continuing several Acts for the better Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River Thames.

124. An act for enabling the Grand Jury of the County of Louth to levy by Presentment certain Sums of Money expended for the building of the Court House of the said County.

125. An act to authorize the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway Company to vary the Line of a certain Part of the said Railway; and to amend the Acts passed for making the said Railway.

126. An act to improve Market Street, in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Approaches thereto; and to amend an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty for building a Bridge across the River Irwell, from Water Street, in the Township of Salford, to Saint Mary's Gate, in the Township of Manchester.

127. An act for enlarging, explaining and amending the Powers granted by certain Acts passed for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the City of Carlisle.

128. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of this Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Basingstoke, through Wortin and other Places in the County of Southampton, to Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads in the County of Southampton.

