Local Acts passed in 1822, 3 George 4 c.1 - c.114.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1822.
---

1. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, at a Place called The Wick Tree, in the Parish of Llansamlett, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Llangevelach in the County of Glamorgan; and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge; and for repairing the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called Aberdwyberthy, in the Parish of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said Bridge.

2. An Act for repairing and maintaining certain Roads leading to and from Chepstow, and other Places in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, called The District of Chepstow and The New Passage District.

3. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, amending and improving the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

4. An Act to enable His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting for the County of Norfolk, to build an additional Gaol, House of Correction and Shire House for the said County, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

5. An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge; and for widening the Avenues thereto, and making certain other Improvements.

6. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Bradford, and the Neighbourhood thereof within the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

7. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road, from the Old bridge in the Town of Stockport in the County Palatine of Chester, to or near Marple Bridge in the said County; and a Branch from the said Road, near Marple Bridge aforesaid, to or near Thomset Gate in the County of Derby.

9. An Act for repairing and amending the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtoff, and to Langret Ferry in the County of Lincoln.

10. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Roads from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Newhaven; and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthorpe, to Ashbourne; and from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le-Frith, at or near Longston in the County of Derby; and from Selstone to Annesley Wodehouse in the County of Nottingham.

11. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts passed for repairing the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport in the County of Salop, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as relate to the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for diverting a certain Part of the Road comprised within the said District.

12. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Nether Bridge to Leven's Bridge, and from thence through the Town of Millthrop to Dixes; and from the Town of Milthrop to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the Heronsyke Turnpike Road, near Clawthrop Hall in the County of Westmorland.

13. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Brighton to Shoreham Bridge in the County of Sussex.

14. An Act for lighting and watching, and for regulating the Police within the Township of Chorlton Row in the County of Lancaster.

15. An Act for lighting the Town and Port of Dover, and Places adjacent, in the County of Kent, with Gas.

16. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Roads leading from the Ryeway in the Parish of Yarpole in the County of Hereford to Presteigne in the County of Radnor, and several other Roads therein mentioned in the said County of Radnor, and in the Counties of Hertford and Salop.

17. An Act for altering and enlarging the Terms and Powers of certain Acts, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and other Roads branching therefrom or connected therewith.

18. An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers granted by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the same into effect.

19. An Act for erecting and endowing a Church in the Town of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to be called Saint Luke's Church; and for reviving and amending an Act of the Twenty first Year of King George the Second, so far as relates to Saint Thomas's Church.

20. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of King George the Third, for repairing the Parish Church of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and rebuilding the Tower thereof.

21. An Act to alter, amend and explain the several Acts passed for improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol.

22. An Act for further continuing the Duties and altering the Powers granted by Six several Acts of their late Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for enlarging the Piers and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York.

23. An Act to amend an Act for draining and improving Lands in the Parishes of Bray, White Waltham, Shottesbrook, Lawrence Waltham, Binfield, Ruscomb, Wargrave, Remenham and Hurley, in the County of Berks, and the Liberties of Whistley and Broad Hinton, in the Parish of Hurst, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts.

24. An Act for the Employment, Maintenance and Regulation of the Poor of the City of Bristol; and for altering the Mode of assessing the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and certain Rates authorized to be raised and levied within the said City by certain Acts for improving the Harbour there, and for paving, pitching, cleansing and lighting the same City; and for the Relief of the Churchwardens and Overseers from the collecting of such Rates; and for amending the Act for paving, pitching, cleansing and lighting the said City.

25. An Act for lighting, paving, cleansing, watching and improving the Town of Barnsley in the West Riding of the County of York.

26. An Act to amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets and other Public Places within the City of Durham and Borough of Framwelgate, and Suburbs thereof, and Streets thereto adjoining, and other Purposes relating thereto.

27. An Act for lighting, paving, cleansing, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Alnwick, in the County of Northumberland.

28. An Act for regulating, maintaining and improving the Premises in the City of Edinburgh termed Queen Street Gardens, and for effecting certain other Improvements in the Vicinity thereof, and connected therewith.

29. An Act for incorporating the Warwick Gas Light Company. 80S

30. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Township of Halifax, and the Neighbourhood thereof, within the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

31. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Borough of Wigan in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

32. An Act for lighting the Town of Leith and its Vicinity with Gas, and other Purposes relating thereto.

33. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Borough of Stockton, in the County of Durham.

34. An Act for better supplying the City of Canterbury and the several Streets and Roads adjoining thereto with Gas.

35. An Act for incorporating the Warrington Gas Light Company.

36. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham in the County of Oxford, to the End of Buford Bridge next to Abingdon in the County of Berks; and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street in the Town of Abingdon, to the West End of the Town of Fyfield in the same County.

37. An Act for amending, widening, altering and keeping in Repair the Road from the upper Part of Leeming Lane, in the Town of Mansfield, opposite to the End of Bath Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Worksop to Kelham, at or near the Comer of Worksop Brecks, all in the County of Nottingham.

38. An Act for amending, widening, altering and keeping in Repair the Road from the Eastern End of Potter Street, in the Town of Worksop, to the Bridge over the Chesterfield Canal, leading into the Town of West Retford in the County of Nottingham.

39. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of Ramsgate in the County of Kent; and for suspending and varying for a further limited Time so much of an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, as relates to the Toll Gate and to the Tolls payable by virtue of the said Act, on the Road leading from the said City of Canterbury to the Isle of Thanet in the said County of Kent; and for altering the Line of certain Parts of the said Road.

40. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and improving the Road from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandwich in the County of Kent.

41. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, so for as relate to the Road from Ruthin in the County of Denbigh to Mold in the County of Flint.

42. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Shrewsbury, and from Shelton, in the County of Salop, to Minsterley, Westbury, and Baschurch, in the said County of Salop, and to or near to Buttington Hall, in the County of Montgomery: and for repealing Three Acts, severally passed in the Thirty first Year of King George the Second, and the Twelfth and Forty first Years of His late Majesty, relative thereto.

43. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint and Carnarvon, so far as relate to the Road from Wrexham to Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, and for amending the Road from Ruthin to Cerniogemawr, in the Parish of Llanufydd, in the County of Denbigh.

44. An Act for the more effectually repairing the Road from Harlow Bush Common in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford in the County of Essex, and the Road from Epping, through the Parishes of Northweald, Basset, Bobbingworth, High Ongar, Chipping Ongar and Shelley, to the Four Want Way in the Parish of Shelley, and from thence through the Parishes of High Ongar and Norton Mandeville, to the Parish of Writtle in the said County.

45. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the District of Roads in the County of Edinburgh, termed The Leith Walk District, and for other Purposes relating thereto; and for altering and increasing the Conversions and defining the Bounds of the Middle District of Roads in the said County.

46. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Uppingham in the County of Rutland, and to Wantford and Peterborough, both in the County of Northampton.

47. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing and widening the Road from The Hand and Post in Upton Field in the Parish of Burford in the County of Oxford, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy.

48. An Act for more effectually repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, through Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill in Stanthorn, to Winsford Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester.

49. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Bishops' Castle, and from Montgomery, to the Road at Westbury, and from Brockton to the Road at Minsterley, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop, Radnor and Montgomery; and for amending, widening and improving several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Salop.

50. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the North End of a Lane called Rosemary Lane in the Township of Broughton, to the Town of Mold in the County of Flint, and for diverting a Part of the said Road, and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said Road.

51. An Act to alter and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for the making, repairing, lighting, watching and watering certain Roads leading from the Borough of Plymouth to Stonehouse Bridge and Plymouth Dock in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts using the same.

52. An Act for more effectually making, repairing and improving the Road leading from Reading in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke in the County of Southampton.

53. An Act for enabling the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money to discharge their Debts, and to complete said Canal, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal.

54. An Act for erecting a Bridewell for the County of Lanark and City of Glasgow.

55. An Act for building a new Gaol and a new House of Correction in and for the Town and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

56. An Act for facilitating the Collection of certain Tolls payable to the Mayor and Burgesses of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

57. An Act to establish a Market for the Sale of butcher's Meat and other Articles, and to repair and amend certain Roads in the Town or Tithing of Bognor in the County of Sussex.

58. An Act for providing an additional Market Place in and for the Town of Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

59. An Act for altering and enlarging the. Powers of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, limiting and watching the Town of Chelmsford and Hamlet of Moulsham, in the Parish of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex.

60. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Tiverton in the County of Devon, and for lighting the said Town.

61. An Act for amending and improving the Roads leading from Tiltup's Inn in the Parish of Horsley, to or near Dudbridge in the Parish of Rodborough, and from the Bridge at Nailsworth to The Cross Post on Minchinhampton Common, and other Roads thereto adjoining; and for making a new Piece of Road from the said Bridge to The Cross in the Parish of Avening, all in the County of Gloucester.

62. An Act for amending and keeping in repair the Road from the Turnpike Gate at the Bottom of White Street Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half-way House in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads communicating therewith.

63. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing and widening the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchinhampton Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester, so far as the same Acts relate to the Second District of Roads therein mentioned.

64. An Act for amending and maintaining the Road from Whitchurch to Temhill, in the County of Salop.

65. An Act to repeal several Acts passed for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading to the said Town, and to consolidate and comprise the same in One Act of Parliament.

66. An Act for more effectually improving the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Northampton and Lincoln; and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said Roads, from Bourn to Spalding in the said County of Lincoln.

67. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Post near the Town of Famham in the County of Surrey.

68. An Act for more effectually repairing the South District of the Road from Royston in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon.

69. An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester.

70. An Act for repairing, widening and maintaining the Road leading from Hartford to and through Northfleet and Gravesend, and thence to the Stones End, near the Parish Church of Strood in the County of Kent.

71. An Act for erecting a new Church in the Parish of Greenwich in the County of Kent, and vesting the same and the Scite thereof in Trustees; and for making Provisions respecting the same.

72. An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the City and County of the City of Coventry.

73. An Act for converting the Gaol and House of Correction of the County of Pembroke into a Gaol for the said County, and for the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwest; and for applying the Gaol of the said Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwest to the Purposes of a Lunatic Asylum.

74. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the Divisions of Lindsey, Kesteven, and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, to take down the present County Hall for the said County, and to erect a convenient Hall instead thereof, with suitable Offices and other Accommodations.

75. An Act to amend Two Acts of the Forty ninth and Fiftieth Years of His late Majesty, for making the Severn and Wye Railway and Canal.

76. An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for erecting and maintaining Ferries across the River Tay, in the Counties of Fife and Forfar.

77. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Twenty sixth Year of His late Majesty as relates to the supplying the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, with Water, and to grant other Powers for supplying the said Town and Fort, and the Shipping resorting thereto, with Water.

78. An Act for watching, cleansing and lighting the Streets of the City of Edinburgh, and adjoining Districts; for regulating the Police thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

79. An Act for the Establishment of Markets for the Sale of Corn and other Articles in the City of Cork.

80. An Act to enlarge and amend an Act of His late Majesty, for lighting the City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Gas.

81. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering and watching that Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex called Somers Town.

82. An Act for watching, lighting, watering, cleansing, gravelling and otherwise improving the Foot, Carriage and other Public Ways, on certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, called Camden Town.

83. An Act to amend an Act of the Forty third Year of His late Majesty, for paving, cleansing and lighting the Town of Alloa, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

84. An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of Three several Acts, made in the Thirty fifth, Forty sixth and Fifty third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex, and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof, and for divers other Purposes therein mentioned, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes.

85. An Act for amending the several Acts in force for making wide and convenient Streets, Ways and Passages in the City of Cork and the Suburbs thereof; and for paving, cleansing, lighting and otherwise improving the said City; and for regulating the Court of Conscience established therein.

86. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Reign of King George the Second and His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from Westwood Gate in the County of Bedford, through Rushden and Higham Ferrers, and over Attleborough Bridge to Barton Seagrave Lane, in the County of Northampton.

87. An Act for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from certain bridges over the River Wye, called Whitney Bridge and Bredwardine Bridge, in the County of Hertford, towards the Town of Hay in the County of Brecon.

88. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from a Place called the Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sonning, otherwise Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunninghill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham in the County of Surrey.

89. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Hundred House in the County of Worcester, and also several other Roads therein mentioned.

90. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Guide Post, near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury in the County of Oxford, to the House called the Sun Rising, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick.

91. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Old Stratford in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the County of Warwick.

92. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road between Great Marlow and West Wycombe, and between Terwick and Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham; and for making and maintaining Two new Pieces of Road communicating therewith.

93. An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from The Stone Pillar or Cross Hand in the Parish of Chippenham in the County of Wilts, to or near Knox Bridge in the Parish of Westerleigh in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

94. An Act for repairing and improving several Roads leading to and from the Town of Caerleon in the County of Monmouth.

95. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from The Cross-of-Hand near Finford Bridge in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford.

96. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Forty-first Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from the Town and Port of Dover to the Town and Port of Sandwich, and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, up Kersney Court Hill to the Parish of Whitfield, otherwise Beausfield, in the County of Kent. 81S

97. An Act to continue the Term and powers of Three several Acts, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead to the May Pole at the Upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey.

98. An Act for making, widening, repairing, and maintaining certain Roads leading to and from the Town of Honiton in the County of Devon.

99. An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Mine-head in the County of Somerset, to Batham Bridge in the Town of Bampton in the County of Devon; and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

100. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge near the Town of Market Harborough, and from the Direction Post in Kingsthorpe to Welford Bridge, all in the County of Northampton.

101. An Act for more effectually amending and repairing the Road from Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, to the Town Bridge in Cricklade in the County of Wilts.

102. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Chain Pier and other Works connected therewith, at the Town of Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex.

103. An Act for raising Money on the Credit of the County Rates, for the Purpose of rebuilding and repairing certain Bridges in the County of Westmorland.

104. An Act to rectify Mistakes in an Act of this Session of Parliament, for making the Road from Brighton to Shoreham Bridge in the County of Sussex.

105. An Act for repairing, widening and maintaining several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Town of Axminster.

106. An Act to repeal the Acts now in force relating to Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and to provide other Regulations for the Making and Sale of Bread, and preventing the Adulteration of Meal, Flour and Bread, within the Limits aforesaid.

107. An Act for regulating the Office of Treasurer, and altering and amending the Acts now in force for assessing, collecting and levying of County Rates, so far as the same relate to the County of Middlesex.

108. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the City of Cork to the Town of Skibbereen in the County of Cork, and a Branch therefrom communicating with the Town of Kinsale in the said County.

109. An Act for removing the Waterworks at London Bridge.

110. An Act for making certain Roads in the Counties of Lanark, Stirling and Dumbarton.

111. An Act for further continuing, altering and amending several Acts for the better Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River Thames; and for enabling the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond to reduce, alter, modify, relinquish or abolish Dues payable to the said Corporation, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

112. An Act for more effectually amending certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and for watching, lighting and otherwise improving the said Roads.

113. An Act for the better Regulation of the Fund called The Orphans' Fund.

114. An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Trustees of the Subscribers to the Gaelic Chapel and the Caledonian Asylum, and to indemnify the Asylum against certain Covenants in an Indenture of Appointment and Bargain and Sale entered into by the said Asylum in favour of the said Trustees, and to vest in the Caledonian Asylum the Fee Simple of the Messuage and Chapel described in the above Indenture.

