Local Acts passed in 1823, 4 George 4 c.1 - c.126.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1823.
---

1. An act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near the Haw Passage, in the County of Gloucester, and for making convenient Roads thereto.

2. An act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near to the Mythe Hill, within the Parish and near to the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, to the opposite Side of the said River, in the Parish of Bushley in the County of Worcester; and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate with such Bridge, within the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester.

3. An act for lighting, cleansing, watching and otherwise improving the Town and Borough of Darlington, in the County of Durham.

4. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Improvement of Portman Square, within the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex.

5. An act for lighting with Gas the Town and Borough of Plymouth and Places amacent, in the County of Devon.

6. An act for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in Repair several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash in the County of Cornwall.

7. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually improving the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Northampton and Lincoln; and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said Roads, from Bourn to Spalding, in the said County of Lincoln.

8. An act for repairing and amending the Road from the City of Peterborough through Oundle and Thrapston to Wellingborough in the County of Northampton, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto.

9. An act for building a Bridge and making a Causeway from Langstone in the Parish of Havant in the County of Southampton, to Hayling Island in the Parish of Hayling North in the said County, at or near a certain House there called The Ferry House; and for forming and making proper Roads, Approaches or Avenues thereto.

10. An act for erecting a Bridge over the Water of Lary, from Pomphlet Point, to or near to Great Prince Rock in the County of Devon.

11. An act for erecting and maintaining a new Court Room, Record Rooms and other Offices for the County of Forfar.

12. An act for more effectually making, repairing and improving the Roads from Union Point near Uckfield to the Sea Houses in Eastbourne, and from Horsebridge to Cross in Hand, all in the County of Sussex.

13. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Preston to Garstang in the County of Lancaster.

14. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Stroud to Bisley in the County of Gloucester.

15. An act for repairing and improving the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge to the City of Winchester, and from the said City of Winchester to the Top of Stephens Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham in the County of Southampton, and from the said City of Winchester through Otterbourne to Bar Gate in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and certain Roads adjoining thereto.

16. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from and out of the Road leading from Quebec in Leeds to Homefield Lane End in Wortley, to communicate with the Road leading from Huddersfield to Birstall, at Smithie's Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York.

17. An act for more effectually making and repairing the Roads between Newton Abbott and Brixham, Kingswear and Dartmouth, Shaldon and Torquay, and several other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Devon.

18. An act to enable the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal Company to borrow a further Sum of Money.

19. An act for the Improvement, more effectual Security and Maintenance of the Harbour of Bridport in the County of Dorset.

20. An act for amending an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for continuing and altering Six former Acts of Their late Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for enlarging the Piers and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York.

21. An act for appointing Select Vestrymen, Governors and Directors of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the County of Middlesex; and for altering and amending Two Acts passed in the Thirteenth and Fifty third Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, relating to the same.

22. An act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Bolton and Blackburn Road in Sharples, to the Blackburn and Preston Road in Hoghton, in the County of Lancaster, called the Sharpies and Hoghton Turnpike Road.

23. An act for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Road between the Towns of Cockermouth and Workington in the County of Cumberland.

24. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Garstang to the Town of Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, and the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of Syne with Host to Hest Bank, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

25. An act for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in Repair several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester and Hereford, and the Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury.

26. An act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repealing an Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

27. An act for amending the Road from Offington Comer in the Parishes of Broadwater and West Tarring, or one of them, in the County of Sussex, by Findon, Washington Hill Rock and Ashington Common, to Dial Post, and from thence by Nep Castle to the Steyning Turnpike Road at West Grinsted Park in the said County; and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

28. An act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green; and also the Road leading out of the last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowesley Bridge, all in the County of Derby.

29. An act for amending the Road from the Devizes Turnpike Road, at or near Somerham Brook, through Melksham, to the Horse and Jockey in the Parish of Box in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road, all in the said County.

30. An act for improving the Roads from Darlaston Bridge, through Newcastle under Lyme, to Butt Lane and Linley Lane, and from the Black Lion to Shelton Wharf, all in the County of Stafford.

31. An act for repairing and improving the Road from Otley to Skipton in the County of York.

32. An act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Ninth and Nineteenth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for building and completing a Bridge at Worcester over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto.

33. An act to enable the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company to vary and alter the Line of their Railway, and also the Line or Lines of some of the Branches therefrom, and to make an additional Branch therefrom, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the Act passed for making and maintaining the said Railway.

34. An act to alter and amend Two several Acts passed in the Twenty eighth and Thirtieth Years of His Majesty King George the Second, for the Purpose of enabling the Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Saviour in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish.

35. An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and improving the Town of Knaresbrough in the West Riding of the County of York, and that Part of the Township of Scriven with Tentergate which adjoins the said Town, and is called Tentergate.

36. An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Rochdale, and the Neighbourhood thereof, within the Parish of Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

37. An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Belfast, and the Suburbs thereof.

38. An act for establishing an additional Company for lighting the City and Suburbs of Dublin with Gas.

39. An act for lighting with Oil Gas the Town of Liverpool and certain Places adjacent thereto.

40. An act for lighting with Gas the public Streets, Lanes, Passages and Places, and the Houses, Warehouses and other Buildings, within the King's Town and Parish of Maidstone in the County of Kent.

41. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Alfreton in the County of Derby to the Town of Derby.

42. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Horsham in the County of Sussex, by Bewbush, to the Town of Crawley in the said County.

43. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town of Mold in the County of Flint and the Town of Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between the Town of Ruthin in the said County of Denbigh and the Town of Wrexham aforesaid, and also Two several Branches of Road therefrom.

44. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from East Teignmouth, through Dawlish, Starcross and Kenton, to communicate with the Exeter Turnpike Road in the Parish of Exminster, all in the County of Devon.

45. An act for more effectually amending the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill in the County of Chester; and for making and keeping in Repair the Road branching out of the said Road at Pwll-y-rhwyd to the Borough of Holt in the said County of Denbigh.

46. An act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Bailey Turnpike Road on Curdridge Common in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, to the Gosport Turnpike Road at or near Filmer Hill in the Parish of Westmeon, with a Branch from the said Road on Corhampton Down to the Village of Corhampton, all in the County of Southampton.

47. An act for repairing and improving divers Roads in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, comprised in Three Districts, called the Eccleshall, Newport and Watling Street District, the Newcastle and Eccleshall District, and the Hilton and Honnington District.

48. An act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford through Haworth to Blue Bell near Colne, and from the Two Laws to Kighley, in the Counties of York and Lancaster.

49. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Yorkshire District of the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, and for making several Diversions therefrom, within the said West Riding of the County of York.

50. An act for repairing the Road from Sage Cross in the Town of Melton Mowbray in the County of Leicester to the Town of Grantham in the County of Lincoln.

51. An act for improving and maintaining in Repair divers Roads in the County of Stafford, leading from Newcastle under Lyme to Blyth Marsh, from Cliff Bank to Snape Marsh, from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, and from Shelton to Newcastle under Lyme.

52. An act for more effectually making, repairing and improving certain Roads, leading to and from Liskeard and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

53. An act for making, amending, widening and keeping in Repair, certain Roads passing through or near the town of Ilminster in the County of Somerset.

54. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Wibsey Low Moor near Bradford, through Brighouse, to Huddersfield, with Three Diversions or Branches from such Road, in the West Riding of the County of York.

55. An act for more effectually amending the Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's Fields and the Bell Inn in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the West End of Long Bridge in South Lynn, in the Borough of Kings Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending, improving and keeping in Repair certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Norfolk.

56. An act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton.

57. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the City of Canterbury to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham in the County of Kent; and for lighting, watering and watching Part of the said Road, leading into the said City of Canterbury.

58. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Holehouse or Riding near Greenfield in Saddleworth, to join the Stayley Turnpike Road, and also to join the Halifax and Sheffield Turnpike Road, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

59. An act for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, so far as relates to the Uttoxeter District of the said Roads; and for making certain new Pieces of Road to communicate therewith, all in the said County of Stafford.

60. An act for repairing and amending the Road from Castle Street at the End of the Town of Hinckley in the County of Leicester, to the End of the Town of Lutterworth in the same County.

61. An act for repairing and amending the Road from the Town of Market Harborough in the County of Leicester to the City of Coventry.

62. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Ganbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford to Cartgate in Mattock, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset.

63. An act for repairing and widening the Road from Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road from Lutterworth to Market Harborough, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton.

64. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the South End of Sparrows Herne on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhamsted Saint Peter and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham.

65. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Staplecross to Hornscross, and from Hornscross to the Turnpike Road near Brickwall House in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beckley, and from Staplecross to Bodiam Bridge and to the Turnpike Road at Silver Hill, all in the County of Sussex.

66. An act for repairing and maintaining the Roads from Barnsley Common to Grange Moor and White Cross, and from the Guide Post in Barugh over Barugh Brook into the Township of Cawthorne, all in the County of York.

67. An act for more effectually amending, repairing and keeping in repair, the Road from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering through Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Buckingham.

68. An act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for rebuilding the Church and improving the Churchyard of the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the said Act.

69. An act for better supplying the City of Worcester and the liberties thereof with Water; and for more effectually paving, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the said City.

70. An act for lighting and watching the Parish and Town of Greenwich in the County of Kent, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein.

71. An act for regulating the Police of the Barony of Gorbals in the County of Lanark; paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets; erecting a Bridewell, and other Purposes relating thereto.

72. An act for lighting the Town and Burgh of Paisley, and Suburbs and Places adjacent, with Gas, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Page 1014.

73. An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Woolwich in the County of Kent.

74. An act for lighting with Gas the City of York, and the Suburbs and Vicinity thereof.

75. An act for lighting, watching and cleansing the Grange Road, and other Parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey.

76. An act for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual an Act of His late Majesty, for draining certain Commons and Fens lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and for increasing the Rates thereby authorized, and imposing additional Rates for more effectually draining the said Lands.

77. An act for more effectually repairing the Wadsley and Langset Turnpike Road, and extending the same in Two Lines to join the Huddersfield and Woodhead Turnpike Road, in the Townships of Upperthong and Honley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

78. An act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the First, Twenty first and Forty second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helston and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge.

79. An act for better and more effectually improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield in the County of Southampton.

80. An act for making and maintaining a Road from Norwich to Fakenham in the County of Norfolk.

81. An act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Dover to the Town of Folkestone, and from thence through the Parish of Folkestone to Sandgate in the County of Kent.

82. An act for improving and keeping in Repair the Road from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to the South East End of Acton Forge, near Weverham, in the same County.

83. An act for amending and maintaining the Roads from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch and other Places, to Newtown River, and from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid through Wherwell to Andover, in the County of Southampton.

84. An act for more effectually repairing, amending and improving certain Roads in the several Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and Saint Paul, Deptford, and Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent.

85. An more effectually repairing the Road from the South End of Brown's Lane in the Parish of Great Staughton in the County of Huntingdon, to the Bedford Turnpike Road in the Parish of Lavendon in the County of Buckingham.

86. An act for repairing, widening and maintaining the Road leading from Horsham in the County of Sussex, through Dorking and Leatherhead, to Epsom in the County of Surrey, and from Capel to Stone Street, at Ockley in the said County of Surrey.

87. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make an additional Tunnel through Harecastle Hill in the County of Stafford, and an additional Reservoir in Knypersley Valley in the said County; and to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts for making and maintaining the said Navigation, and the several Canals connected therewith.

88. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for erecting and maintaining Ferries across the River Tay in the Counties of Fife and Forfar.

89. An act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, for building a new Church within the Town and Parish of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster; to vest the said Church and the Ground thereunto belonging in the Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Town of Liverpool; to authorize the Purchase of Land in the said Town to be appropriated to the Use of Public Cemeteries; and to restrict the Burial of Corpses in the present Cemeteries of the Parish Church and Parochial Chapel there.

90. An act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and improving the Township of Halifax, and for supplying the same with Water.

91. An act for repairing, maintaining and improving the Highways and other Public Places in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey.

92. An act for improving, paving, lighting, cleansing and watching the Town of Mansfield in the County of Nottingham.

93. An act for better supplying with Water the Town of Skipton in the West Riding of the County of York.

94. An act for the Erection of a Bridge across the River Shannon, and of a Floating Dock to accommodate Sharp Vessels frequenting the Port of Limerick.

95. An act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An act to establish an additional Company for lighting certain Parts of the Metropolis and Parts adjacent with Gas.

96. An act to establish a Company for lighting with Gas the Town of Northampton.

97. An act to amend and explain the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for lighting with Gas the Town of Brighthelmstone, and to raise a further Sum of Money for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution.

98. An act for lighting with Gas the several Parishes of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, and Saint Paul, Shadwell, and certain Parts of the Parishes of Saint George in the East, otherwise Saint George, Middlesex, and Saint John of Wapping, and of the Hamlets of Mile end Old Town and Ratcliff, in the County of Middlesex.

99. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Dublin Gas Works to raise more Money for the further lighting the City and Suburbs of Dublin with Gas.

100. An act for lighting the Town of Mansfield in the County of Nottingham with Gas.

101. An act to establish a Company for lighting the Borough of Stamford in the County of Lincoln, and Saint Martin Stamford Baron in the County of Northampton, with Gas.

102. An act for lighting with Oil Gas the City of Bristol and the Parish of Clifton in the County of Gloucester, and certain Parishes adjacent thereto.

103. An act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repealing several Acts therein mentioned, for draining certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, near Mildenhall River, so far as relates to the Lands in the First District therein described, and for making better Provision for draining and preserving the said Lands.

104. An act for amending and improving the Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton in the County of Devon.

105. An act for amending, improving, and keeping in repair the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair in the Town of Banbury in the County of Oxford, through Swalcliffe in the said County of Oxford, and through Brailes in the County of Warwick, to the Bridge crossing the River Stour in the Parish of Barcheston in the said County of Warwick.

106. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Whitechapel Church in the County of Middlesex, unto Passingford Bridge, and through and to the End of the several Parishes or Places of Sheffield and Woodford in the County of Essex, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

107. An act for amending the Road leading from the New Wall on the Parade in Castleton in the Parish of Rochdale, through Middleton, to the Meer Stone in Great Heaton, and to the Town of Manchester, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for diverting certain Parts of the said Road.

108. An act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Beaconsfield in the County of Buckingham to Stoken Church in the County of Oxford.

109. An act for more effectually making and maintaining the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, and from Modbury to within Four hundred Yards of the Bridge over the Lary, and also a Road from Addistone Hill, in the Parish of Holbeten, to the Totness Road at Lady Down, in the Parish of Ugborough, in the County of Devon.

110. An act for repairing and improving the Road leading from Skipton in the County of York to Colne in the County of Lancaster.

111. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge in the County of Northampton to Stamford, and from Stamford to Bourn in the County of Lincoln.

112. An act for repairing certain Roads from Redrow to Peathill in the County of Stirling.

113. An act for more effectually improving and keeping in Repair the Pier and Harbour of Minehead in the County of Somerset.

114. An act for altering and amending Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Thirty third Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for consolidating, extending and rendering more effectual the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending and cleansing the Vaults, Drains and Sewers within the City of London and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same.

115. An act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for more effectually supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester and Salford, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

116. An act to amend several Acts for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames, from the City of London, to the opposite Bank, in the Parish of Saint Saviour in the County of Surrey.

117. An act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in the Hamlet of Far Town and Parish of Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York.

118. An act for extinguishing Tithes, and Customary Payments in lieu of Tithes, and all Demands for Easter Offerings, within the London or City Liberty of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the City of London, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof.

119. An act to enlarge the Powers of the Gas Light and Coke Company, and to amend several Acts passed in the Reign of His late Majesty relating to the said Company.

120. An act for repairing the Roads from Oxdown Gate in Popham Lane to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Hursley to Chandlers Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the Hundred at Ramsey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swathling in the County of Southampton, and from the said Turnpike Road at Ramsey, through Ringwood, in the said County, to Longham Bridge and Wimborne Minster, in the County of Dorset.

121. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from a Place called the Welsh Harp in the Township of Stonnall in the County of Stafford, to Stone Bridge, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

122. An act for repairing the Roads from the Borough of Tamworth in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch in the County of Leicester, and from Harrington Bridge (heretofore Sawley Ferry) in the said County of Leicester, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swarcliffe Lane leading to Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid.

123. An act to enlarge the Powers of and render more effectual certain Acts of the Twenty-second and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, and the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes and Places in the said Acts mentioned, and to regulate the Fees payable to the Court thereby established.

124. An act to allow further Time for the Completion of the Docks, and other Works belonging to the London Dock Company.

125. An act for altering the Time for holding General Annual Meetings for licensing Alehouses within the County of Middlesex, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace for the said County to remunerate High Constables.

126. An act for the better Government of the City of Limerick, and the due Appropriation of the Public Revenues thereof.

