Local Acts passed in 1824, 5 George 4 c.1 - c.160.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1824.
---

1. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Tunstead and Happing in the County of Norfolk.

2. An Act for repairing, improving, widening and keeping in Repair the several Roads within the District called The Kidwelly District of Roads, in the County of Carmarthen.

3. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Lord Nelson Public House, upon the Road between Burnley and Colne, in the Township of Marsden in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Gisburne in the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence to the Road leading from Skipton to Settle, at or near Long Preston, in the said West Riding of the County of York.

4. An Act for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Penrith to Cockermouth, and several other Roads herein mentioned, all in the County of Cumberland.

5. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His late Majesty relative to the Asylum for Female Orphans.

6. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving and maintaining the Road leading from Thirsk to Yarm in the County of York.

7. An Act for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Roads from the City of Carlisle to the Market Town of Cockermouth in the County of Cumberland.

8. An Act for amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Wetherby to Knaresborough in the West Riding of the County of York.

9. An Act for amending and maintaining the Roads from the Hand and Post at the Top of Buford Lane in the County of Gloucester, to Stow-on-the-Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill in the County of Oxford, to the Hand and Post in the Parish of Withington in the County of Gloucester.

10. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Hurdlow House in the County of Derby, to Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Counties, and in the County Palatine of Chester.

11. An Act for amending and maintaining the Roads leading from the Town of Newent in the County of Gloucester, and other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Hereford.

12. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road to Biddaford, and also several other Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy and Totnes; and for making and repairing several other Roads communicating therewith, all in the County of Devon; and for taking down and rebuilding Totnes Bridge in the same County.

13. An Act for the better Maintenance, Employment and Regulation of the Poor of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for repairing or rebuilding the Workhouse there.

14. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving so much of the Road from Keswick in the County of Cumberland, by Dunmail Raise and Ambleside, to Kirkby in Kendal in the County of Westmoreland, as is situate in the said County of Westmoreland; and also the Road from Plumbgarth's Cross, near Kirkby in Kendal aforesaid, to the Lake called Windermere, in the County of Westmoreland.

15. An Act for more effectually improving and keeping in Repair the Road from Appleby in the County of Westmoreland, to Kirkby in Kendal; and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shop; and from Highgate near Tebay, through Kirkby Stephen, to Market Brough in the said County.

16. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Marehill in the Parish of Pulborough, through Shipley, to the Direction Post on the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steyning, at Southwater in the Parish of Horsham, with several Branches therefrom, all in the County of Sussex.

17. An Act for more effectually repairing and amending the Road leading from the High Street in the Town of Arundel to the Turnpike Road leading from Petworth to Stopham, on Fittleworth Common, in the County of Sussex.

18. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow in the County of Suffolk.

19. An Act for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for maintaining and supporting the same.

20. An Act to revive and amend an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for building a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Worthing in the County of Sussex.

21. An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in the Township of Roundhay, and Parish of Barwick in Elmet, in the West Riding of the County of York.

22. An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and improving the Town and Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Police thereof; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

23. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching regulating and otherwise improving the Town of Keighley within the Parish of Keighley, in the West Riding of the County York.

24. An Act for amending, repairing and maintaining the Road from Sandon in the County of Stafford to Bullock Smithy in the County of Chester; and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the said County of Stafford.

25. An Act for improving and keeping in Repair the Road from Span Smithy in the County of Chester, to Talk in the County of Stafford.

26. An Act for further extending the Powers of the Company of Proprietors for embanking Part of the Lairy near Plymouth.

27. An Act for exonerating the Inhabitants of the several Hamlets, Tithings and Places within the Parish of Wedmore in the County of Somerset, from the exclusive Maintenance and Repair of the Public Highways within the Limits of the said Hamlets, Tithings and Places respectively, and for charging the same in future on the Inhabitants at large of the said Parish.

28. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Worcester Turnpike Road in the Village of Broadway in the County of Worcester, to the Stratford upon Avon Turnpike Road, in the Village of Mickleton in the County of Gloucester.

29. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Redbrook to Saint Arvans in the County of Monmouth, and for building a Bridge on the Line of the said Road over the River Wye, and for making other Turnpike Roads to communicate therewith in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester.

30. An Act for repairing, improving and maintaining several Roads leading to and from Cerne Abbas in the County of Dorset.

31. An Act for making and maintaining certain Roads from Kingsbridge to Dartmouth, Modbury, Satcombe and other Places in the South Part of the County of Devon.

32. An Act for more effectually amending the Roads from Whitchurch in the County of Salop, to that Part of the Road leading from Nantwich in the County of Chester, to Newcastle under Lyne in the County of Stafford, which passes through the Township of Madeley in the said County of Stafford; and also from Hinstock in the said County of Salop, to Nantwich aforesaid.

33. An Act for widening, improving and maintaining the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Spadesbourne Bridge, within the Parish of Bromsgrove in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned.

34. An Act for repairing the Road from Burtryford in the County of Durham, through Alston in the County of Cumberland, to Burnstones in the County of Northumberland, and from Summerrod's Bar near Hexham, to Alston aforesaid, and several other Roads in the said Counties, and in the North Riding of the County of York; and for erecting Bridges over the River Tyne.

35. An Act for amending and improving the Road from Glossop to Marple Bridge in the County of Derby, and the several Branches of Roads leading to and from the same.

36. An Act for improving and keeping in Repair the Road from the End of the County of Stafford to the City of Chester, lying betwixt the End of the said County of Stafford, and One hundred Yards of the East End of a certain Smithy called Duddon Smithy, in Clotton, in the said County of Chester.

37. An Act to alter and amend an Act for erecting a new Gaol and Court House in the Burgh of Ayr in the Shire of Ayr.

38. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twentieth and Forty second Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter and Beer brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the Town and Parish of Kelso in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

39. An Act to alter and amend An Act for the Regulation of the Corporation of the Masters and Assistants of the Trinity House of Leith.

40. An Act for taking down, rebuilding and enlarging Maidenhead Chapel in the County of Berks.

41. An Act for the better levying and collecting the Rates for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the Parish of South Lynn, otherwise All Saints, in the Borough of King's Lynn in the County of Norfolk, by assessing the Owners of certain Messuages, and other Property in the said Parish, instead of the Occupiers thereof; and also for erecting a Work-house in the same Parish.

42. An Act for lighting the City of Dublin and Environs thereof with Oil Gas.

43. An Act for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge in the County of Warwick.

44. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Colne in the County of Lancaster, to communicate with the Road leading from Clitheroe in the same County, to Skipton in the County of York.

45. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Rugeley, through Armitage to Alrewas, with a Branch therefrom in the County of Stafford.

46. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge in the County of the Town of Nottingham, to Cote's Bridge in the County of Leicester.

47. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Lee Navigation in the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow in the County of Middlesex, to join the Regents Canal at or near a Place called Old Ford Lock in the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the said County of Middlesex.

48. An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Stockton and Darlington Railway to relinquish one of their Branch Railways, and to enable them to make another Branch Railway in lieu thereof; and to enable the said Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the said Railway.

49. An Act for making a Railway from Palace-Craig in the Parish of Old Monkland in the County of Lanark, to the Forth and Clyde Canal near Kirkintillock in the County of Dumbarton.

50. An Act for enlarging the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for providing additional Burial Ground, and for equalizing the Church Rates in the said Parish, and other Purposes.

51. An Act for establishing and regulating a Market and for erecting a Town Hall and Market Place in the Township of Bilston in the County of Stafford.

52. An Act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay Masters for assaying Wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, as relates to the Town of Birmingham, and within Twenty Miles thereof; and for granting further and more effectual Powers for assaying and marking Gold and Silver Plate wrought or made within the said Town of Birmingham and within Thirty Miles thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

53. An Act for lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Ashford in the County of Kent.

54. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Back Lane in the Parish of Scartho, to Hollowgate Head in the Parish of Louth in the County of Lincoln.

55. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Blackburn to Preston, and Two Branches therefrom, and erecting a Bridge on the Line of the said Road over the River Ribble, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

56. An Act for repairing the Lower Road from Greenwich to Woolwich in the County of Kent.

57. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road leading from the Eastern Side of a certain Bridge called Spittle Hill Bridge, over Moorgate Beck in the Parish of Clarborough in the County of Nottingham, to Littleborough Ferry in the same County.

58. An Act for amending and maintaining the Roads from Stafford to Sandon in the County of Stafford, and from Stafford through Bridgford and Eccleshall to Irelands Cross near Woore in the County of Salop, and from Bridgford aforesaid to the Stone which divides the Liberty of Ranton and Ellenhall in the Road between Bridgford and Newport.

59. An Act for amending and maintaining the Road from the Town of Stone to Gaol Gate in the Borough of Stafford, and from Green Gate in the said Borough, through the Towns of Dunston and Penkridge to Streetway Road, in the Road leading to Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford.

60. An Act for amending and improving the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Cambridge; and for making a Road from or near the Town of Littleport in the Isle of Ely, to the Ferry or Floating Bridge over the Hundred Feet River in the Parish of Welney in the County of Norfolk.

61. An Act for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in repair the Road from the North East Side of the Goswell Street Road, next Islington, to the North West Corner of Finsbury Square, by the Artillery Ground, in the County of Middlesex, commonly called or known by the Name of The City Road.

62. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Post Road near Faversham, by Bacon's Water through Ashford, to Hythe, and from Bacon's Water to Castle Street, in the City of Canterbury, all in the County of Kent.

63. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repairing and improving or rebuilding, the Church at Barnsley, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for improving and enlarging the Churchyard and Burial Grounds thereof; and for amending the said Act.

64. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Body of the Church or ancient Parochial Chapel of Ease of Oldham within the Parish of Prestwick cum Oldham in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for providing additional Burial Ground, and for equalizing the Church Rates, and other Purposes.

65. An Act for widening, deepening, enlarging and making navigable a certain Creek called Counters Creek, from or from near Counters Bridge, on the Road from London to Hammersmith, to the River Thames in the County of Middlesex, and for maintaining the same.

66. An Act for lighting, watching, paving, cleansing and improving the Streets, Highways and Places within the Borough and Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

67. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, regulating and improving the Borough of Evesham in the County of Worcester; for repairing, improving and maintaining the Bridge over the River Avon, within the said Borough; and for selling certain Waste Lands within the said Borough, and for appropriating the Monies arising from such Sales towards the Purposes therein mentioned.

68. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, widening, regulating and otherwise improving the Town of Walsall, and the Neighbourhood thereof, within the Parish of Walsall in the County of Stafford.

69. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for opening a Street from the Cross of Glasgow to Monteith Row.

70. An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, on certain Plots of Ground called Battle Bridge Fields, near Grays Inn Lane, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex.

71. An Act to enable the Australian Company of Edinburgh to sue and be sued in the Name of the Manager for the Time being of the said Company.

72. An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne.

73. An Act for the better Regulation and Encouragement of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Liverpool.

74. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, so far as the same relate to the Right of voting at Vestries of the Parish of Saint John Southwark in the County of Surrey; and to establish a Select Vestry within the said Parish.

75. An Act for lighting with Gas the Towns or Villages of Margate, Ramsgate and Broadstairs, and Places adjacent, in the County of Kent.

76. An Act for the better lighting the City and Suburbs of Edinburgh by Oil Gas.

77. An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Hereford, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof.

78. An Act to establish an additional Company for more effectually lighting with Gas certain Places within the Borough of Southwark, and certain other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent.

79. An Act for lighting and watching the Parish of Clifton in the County of Gloucester.

80. An Act to enable the Kent Fire Insurance Company to sue and prosecute in the Name of their Secretary, or any Member of such Company.

81. An Act for more effectually improving and keeping in Repair the several Roads in and near Great Torrington, and to make a new Line of Road, on the Western Side of the River Torridge, in the County of Devon.

82. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Roundhay Bridge to Collingham in the County of York.

83. An Act for amending the Roads leading from Brickworth Pond in the Parish of Whiteparish in the County of Wilts, through Romsey in the County of Southampton, to the County of the Town of Southampton.

84. An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Carmarthen, through Velindre Shinkin, to the Town of Newcastle Emlyn, and several other Roads in the County of Carmarthen.

85. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Austell and Lostwithiel, and thence to the East End of the Western Taphouse Lane in the said County.

86. An Act for amending and improving the Road from Sacred Gate in the Township of Thorngumbald to Pattrington Haven, and from the Guide Post in Winestead to the Township of South Frodingham in the East Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Wilmslow Bridge in the County of Chester, through Nether Alderley and Congleton, to or near the Red Bull in Church Lawton in the said County.

88. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross to North Lane near to the City of Canterbury, and to the Sea Side at Whitstable in the County of Kent, and for widening and improving the Road from North Lane aforesaid, over West Gate Bridge, to the West Gate of the said City, and for making a Foot Bridge on each Side of the said Bridge and Gate into the said City.

89. An Act for making and maintaining a new Road from Salterhebble in the Parish of Halifax, to the Huddersfield and New Hey Turnpike Road in the Parish of Huddersfield, and several Branches therefrom, in the West Riding of the County of York, with certain Bridges on the Line of the said Road and Branches.

90. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bradford to Wakefield in the West Riding of the County of York, near Holme Lane End in the Parish of Birstal in the said Riding, to the Turnpike Road leading from Birstal to Huddersfield in the said Riding, at the Township of Heckmondwike in the Parish of Birstal aforesaid, with a Branch Road therefrom.

91. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Brighthelmstone to Newhaven in the County of Sussex.

92. An Act for taking down Burrow Bridge, over the River Parrett in the County of Somerset, and erecting another in lieu thereof.

93. An Act for maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Dingwall, and regulating the Police of the said Burgh.

94. An Act for establishing a Ferry over the River Arun at Littlehampton in the County of Sussex, and making Roads to communicate therewith.

95. An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching and improving the Township of Hulme in the County of Lancaster, and for regulating the Police thereof.

96. An Act for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual an Act of His late Majesty, for improving the Outfall of the River Welland in the County of Lincoln.

97. An Act for repairing, widening, improving and maintaining in repair the First District of Turnpike Roads leading to and from the Town of Bridport in the County of Dorset.

98. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads leading to, through and from the Towns of Langport, Somerton and Castle Cary, in the County of Somerset, and for making and improving other Roads in the said County.

99. An Act for repairing certain Roads between Stokenchurch and the Borough of New Woodstock in the County of Oxford, and several other Roads communicating therewith.

100. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Piffs Elms in the Parish of Boddington, through Cheltenham, to Shipton Lane, near Frog Mill Inn, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Gloucester.

101. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Ashby de la Zouch in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent in the County of Stafford, to Tutbury in the said County of Stafford.

102. An Act for repairing the Road from the City of Durham to Tyne Bridge, and for making and maintaining a collateral Branch and certain other Branches to communicate respectively with certain Parts of the said Road, in the Parishes of Chester le Street and Gateshead, all in the County of Durham.

103. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as relates to the First District of the Roads mentioned in the said Acts.

104. An Act for making, repairing and improving several Roads in the Counties of Radnor, Hertford and Merioneth.

105. An Act for improving and more effectually repairing the Roads from the Town of Bolton in the Moors to Nightingales in the Township of Heath Chamock, and for making a Branch Road from Little Bolton to or near the Crown in Horwick; and for enabling the Trustees therein named, together with the Trustees North and South of Yarrow, and the Trustees of the Road from Westhoughton to Duxbury Stocks, to make a new Line of Road from Hole House Brow in the said Township to the Town of Charley, and a Branch Road from Rawlinson Bridge to Halliwell Field in the same Township, and another Branch Road in the Township of Duxbury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

106. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Godley Lane Head near Halifax to Northowram Green in the West Riding of the County of York.

107. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the City of Glasgow to the Village of Parkhead.

108. An Act to provide for the paving, gravelling, lighting and watching certain Footways and Carriageways in and near Brompton Square, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex; and to provide for the Maintenance of a Garden and Shrubbery in the said Square.

109. An Act for erecting New Market Places within the Town of Maidstone in the County of Kent, and for the better regulating and maintaining the said Markets.

110. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, with the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

111. An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and certain Roads communicating therewith.

112. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Hamlet of Hammersmith in the County of Middlesex, to the Parish of Barnes in the County of Surrey, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate with such Bridge.

113. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for erecting a Bridge over the Water of Lary in the County of Devon.

114. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Teign, at Teignmouth, in the County of Devon; and for making Approaches to the same.

115. An Act for improving and keeping in Repair several Roads in and near the Town of Bideford, and for making a new Line of Road on the Western Side of the River Torridge; and also a new Line of Road to unite such Road with the Road leading from Bideford to Buckland Bremer, in the County of Devon.

116. An Act for amending and improving the Road from Porthdinllaen to or near Cerrig y Rhwydwr, and from Tan y Graig in the Parish of Bodvean to Pwllheli, and from thence to Llanystymdwy, and from Cerrig y Rhwydwr aforesaid, to or near Capel Cerrig; and for making a Road from Pwllheli aforesaid to Penrhyndu in the Parish of Llanengan, all in the County of Caernarvon.

117. An Act for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of His late Highness Ameer Sing, formerly Rajah of Tanjore, deceased, the better to carry the same into Effect.

118. An Act to provide for valuing the Houses situate in and near the City of Dublin, and for the more equal Payment of the Local Taxes there.

119. An Act for enabling the Thames and Medway Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the said Canal and the Works thereunto belonging; and for altering, enlarging and rendering more effectual the Powers for making the said Canal and Works.

120. An Act to abridge, vary, extend and improve the Bristol and Taunton Canal Navigation; and to alter the Powers of an Act of the Fifty first Year of His late Majesty, for making the said Canal.

121. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the Town of Redruth in the County of Cornwall, to Point Quay in the Parish of Feock in the same County, with several Branches therefrom; and also for restoring, improving and maintaining the Navigation of Restrongett Creek in the same County.

122. An Act for completing the Port or Harbour of Courtown at Brenogue Head in the County of Wexford.

123. An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to raise a Sum of Money at a reduced Rate of Interest, to pay off the Monies now charged on the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of Four Acts of thw Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Navigation of the River Thames Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London.

124. An Act for lighting, cleansing and improving the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds in the County of York.

125. An Act to repeal several Acts for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington in the County of Middlesex; for lighting and watching and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for amending the Road from Highgate through Maiden Lane, and several other Roads in the said Parish; and for providing a Chapel of Ease and an additional Burial Ground for the same; and to make more effectual Provisions in lieu thereof.

126. An Act for better governing and regulating the Parish of Paddington in the County of Middlesex; for paving, lighting and watching such Parts of the said Parish as may be necessary; and for other Purposes relating to those Objects; and for altering and amending several Acts passed in the Twenty eighth, Thirty third and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for rebuilding the Church and enlarging the Churchyard of the said Parish.

127. An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Year of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Church of Saint Nicholas Harwich in the County of Essex.

128. An Act for erecting the Town of Bathgate in the County of Linlithgow into a free and independent Burgh of Barony; paving, lighting and improving the same, and establishing a Police therein.

129. An Act for the better paving, lighting, watching and cleansing the Burgh of Dundee, and for building and maintaining a Bridewell there.

130. An Act for supplying with Water the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton, and the Township of Sharples in the Parish of Bolton le Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

131. An Act for better supplying the City of Canterbury, and the several Streets and Roads adjoining thereto, with Water.

132. An Act for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester with Water.

133. An Act for better lighting with Gas the Town of Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

134. An Act for erecting a Market House for the Sale of Corn, Hops and other Agricultural Produce in the City of Canterbury and County of the same City; for improving and enlarging the Market Places for the Sale of Provisions in the said City and County; and for regulating and maintaining the said Markets.

135. An Act for confirming certain Leases, and a Conveyance in Fee, of certain Plots of Land allotted by an Act, made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common or Waste, situate in the Manor of Newton in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Overseers of the Poor of the Township of Newton; and for enabling the said Overseers to sell and convey in Fee other Plots of Land, all formerly Part of the said Waste, for building upon, in consideration of yearly Chief or Ground Rents to be reserved for the same.

136. An Act to encourage the working of Mines in Ireland by means of English Capital, and to regulate a Joint Stock Company for that Purpose.

137. An Act for enabling the Alliance British and Foreign Life and Fire Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman for the Time being, or of any other Member of the Company.

138. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Hampstead Road, in Camden Town, to the North Road at Holloway, in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex.

139. An Act for more effectually amending and keeping in repair the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road, near the South or upper End of Harwell Town, in the Parish of Harwell in the County of Berks, to the Turnpike Road near the Village of Streatley in the said County.

140. An Act for maintaining and improving the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road, near the Borough of Evesham in the County of Worcester, to the Village of Bishop's Cleeve, near Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester.

141. An Act for repairing and amending the Road from the Town and Borough of Buckingham to the Oxford and Northampton Turnpike Road at Lord's Field Gate, near the Town of Towcester.

142. An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge in the County of Hertford, to the Cross Moor, or Long Meadow End, in the County of Salop, and other Roads therein mentioned in the said County of Hereford.

143. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Road leading from Manchester to Bolton, to communicate with the Road from Bury to Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

144. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, and of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Roads communicating with the West and East India Docks; and for repairing the Cannon Street Road; and for making and maintaining a new Road to Barking, and a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to Tilbury Fort in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex; and also for making a new Branch of Road from King David Lane, Shadwell, to the Essex Road at Mile End in the County of Middlesex.

145. An Act for repairing the Roads leading out of the Turnpike Road between Poole and Wimborne Minster into the Turnpike Road between Blandford Forum and Dorchester, and for repairing and improving the Roads from Durweston Bridge to Caundle Bishop, from Bagber Common to Holton Street, and from North Cheriton to Lattiford, all in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset.

146. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Shepley Lane Head, in the Township of Shepley, to the Termination of a Branch of the Barnsley Turnpike Road in the Township of Cawthorne in the West Riding of the County of York.

147. An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to raise a Sum of Money at a reduced Rate of Interest, to pay off the Monies now charged On the Duties payable by virtue of an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for establishing a Free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals.

148. An Act for the more effectually improving the Navigation of the River Medway from Maidstone to Halling in the County of Kent, and to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Forty second Year of His late Majesty for improving the Navigation of the said River.

149. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a Bridewell for the County of Lanark and City of Glasgow.

150. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Severn at or near the Haw Passage in the County of Gloucester, and for making convenient Roads thereto; and to divert Part of the Line of Road by the said Act authorized to be made.

151. An Act for the Removal of Fleet Market in the City of London.

152. An Act to amend an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty, for lighting and improving the City of Londonderry.

153. An Act to enable the British Annuity Company, for the purchasing of Annuities under certain Regulations, to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman or Secretary for the Time being.

154. An Act to enable the Patriotic Assurance Company of Ireland to sue and be sued in the Name of the Secretary, or of One of the Members of the said Company.

155. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Southwark Bridge.

156. An Act for making and maintaining a Tunnel under the River Thames, from some Place in the Parish of Saint John of Wapping in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore of the said River in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, with sufficient Approaches thereto.

157. An Act to encourage the working of Mines in Ireland, and to regulate a Joint Stock Company for that Purpose, to be called "The Royal Irish Mining Company."

158. An Act to enable the Mining Company of Ireland to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, or of One of the Members of the said Company.

159. An Act to enable the Hibernian Joint Stock Company, for the Purpose of purchasing and selling Annuities, and all public and other Securities Real and Personal in Ireland, and to advance Money, and make Loans thereof, on the Security of such Real and Personal Security, at legal Interest, and on the Security of Merchandize and manufactured Goods, to sue and be sued in the Name of the Governor or Secretary for the Time being.

160. An Act to enable the Saint Patrick Assurance Company of Ireland to sue and, be sued in the Name of their Secretary, or of One of the Members of the said Company.

